file: 3660-172183-0000.flac
expected: geraint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_2: duraint asy id ven used d do wen he was ad ot thes cot forequnto turnimencs
	layer_4: draint as hy ad been used to do when he was at oaut this coit frequento turnimence
	layer_6: draint as he had been used to do when he was at othis court frequento terniaments
	layer_8: jraint as he had been used to do when he was at athr's court frequented turnaments
	layer_10: draint as he had been used to do when he was at atha's court frequent ed turnaments
	layer_12: jraint as he had been used to do when he was at atha's court frequent ed turnaments

file: 3660-172183-0001.flac
expected: before geraint the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_2: befor duraint the scord do thy animy i sasteeds wiht with tfomnm and afto the shoue of battl a fearful torand
	layer_4: befordouraint the scod to the enemy i sau steeds whit with tfhom and after the shout of battle a fearful torant
	layer_6: before durint the scord to the enemy i saw steeds white with fome and after the shout of battle a faireful torrant
	layer_8: before jurant the scorede o the enemy i saw steeds white with fam and after the shout of battle a fairful torrent
	layer_10: before juraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a feairful torrent
	layer_12: before gurant the scorged of the enemy i saw seeds white with fam and after the shout of battle a feairful torrent

file: 3660-172183-0002.flac
expected: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_2: thes titings came derben
	layer_4: thes tihtings camed rban
	layer_6: these titings came to erbn
	layer_8: these tidings came to urbin
	layer_10: these tidings came to urbn
	layer_12: these tidings came to urbon

file: 3660-172183-0003.flac
expected: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_2: nogt i by my confessin un to heaven sid ther s nothing war hea ful anto me the tes
	layer_4: not i by my confessin unto heaven sid he there as nothing wae heaful an to me then this
	layer_6: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing ware hatful unto me than this
	layer_8: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_10: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_12: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this

file: 3660-172183-0004.flac
expected: and the tears she shed and the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_2: and the taishe sad in the wordshedspok en a wak om
	layer_4: and the tis she said ind the word she ed spok en a wolk him
	layer_6: and the tis she said in the word she had spok en awolk im
	layer_8: and the tis she said an the word she had spoken awok im
	layer_10: and the tis she said and the words she had spoken awok him
	layer_12: and the tis she said and the words she had spoken awok him

file: 3660-172183-0005.flac
expected: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_2: an eveil betid my sait he ife thoa re ternes tear ntil tho nost wither ive las mystring so complyly as thou des say
	layer_4: and evill betid me said he if thou returnes ther nd till thou nosed wether i of lass my string so complyly as thou dis say
	layer_6: and evil betid me said he if thou returnest heare antill thou knowst whether i have lost my streng so complelyas thou dis say
	layer_8: and evil betided me said he if thou returneset here untill thou knowset whether i have lost my strength so completly as thou dis say
	layer_10: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowst whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou dis say
	layer_12: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowst whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou dis say

file: 3660-172183-0006.flac
expected: then geraint went to see erbin
	layer_2: thenjuraint went to see arban
	layer_4: then duraint went to se earben
	layer_6: then jurint went to se erbin
	layer_8: then jerant went to see erbin
	layer_10: then jerint went to see erbin
	layer_12: then gerint went to see erbon

file: 3660-172183-0007.flac
expected: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_2: sr said he an gong upono quest an ime not sert when im ma com back
	layer_4: sir said he ind going upon oqueset an iame not sertan whene i may come beck
	layer_6: sir said he i'nd going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_8: sir said he i'm going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_10: sir said he i'am going upon ha quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_12: sir said he i'am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back

file: 3660-172183-0008.flac
expected: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_2: tak ked thefo an to thiposetionsantil mirytern
	layer_4: take hed theiref o on to thi posestionsantill my retern
	layer_6: take hed theirefor unto thy possesstions untill my return
	layer_8: take hee therefore untor thy possessions until my return
	layer_10: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_12: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return

file: 3660-172183-0009.flac
expected: but one person only will go with me
	layer_2: but one preson only wo goath me
	layer_4: but one person only wol got me
	layer_6: but one person only wil goot me
	layer_8: but one person only will go t me
	layer_10: but one person only will god me
	layer_12: but one person only will god me

file: 3660-172183-0010.flac
expected: and he desired enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_2: and he disid ein id tomount her hase andterod fod nd e kepae long wavbyfohim
	layer_4: and he desiged enit to mount her hose andterid food ind to keep a long way befo him
	layer_6: and he deside enid to mount her horse and te rie ford in to keep a long way before him
	layer_8: and he desid ean it to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_10: and he desired ean it to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_12: and he desired eanit to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him

file: 3660-172183-0011.flac
expected: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_2: and a ly si specuntothy say not thow one wart  ther
	layer_4: and an lessi specunto thy say not thou one word ether
	layer_6: and unless i speekunto the say not thou one word either
	layer_8: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_10: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_12: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either

file: 3660-172183-0012.flac
expected: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat and my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_2: and thou thoushuts desihdasee mi tafet in my det by the handser thos men yectowythel no dred
	layer_4: and though thou shouts desiget a see myg tofe in my deth by the hands o thos mem yet towi thel knod d red
	layer_6: and though thou shouts desid e see my defeet in my death by the hands of those mem yet to wi fel kno dread
	layer_8: and though thou shout desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_10: and though thou shoulst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_12: and though thou shoulst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread

file: 3660-172183-0013.flac
expected: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_2: and e reseeve d him an that not febly
	layer_4: and he reseeved him and that not febly
	layer_6: and he received him and that not feebily
	layer_8: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_10: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_12: and he received him and that not feebly

file: 3660-172183-0014.flac
expected: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_2: and sanout on wordanto me anles isepecfarsed unto the
	layer_4: and sa not one word anto me andless i spek first unto the
	layer_6: and say not one word unto me andless i speak first unto the
	layer_8: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_10: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_12: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee

file: 3660-172183-0015.flac
expected: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_2: i wl do was fir s y can ln said sh acorn ing to thie desire
	layer_4: i will do was fir as i can lo said she acorting to thid desie
	layer_6: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_8: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_10: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_12: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire

file: 3660-172183-0016.flac
expected: ah maiden said he it is vain to attempt proceeding forward
	layer_2: a maden sad he at is vaine to atempersiting fod
	layer_4: i maden said he it is vaned to atemperciting forrd
	layer_6: i madn said he it is vind to attemperceiding forward
	layer_8: a maiden said he it is vin to a temper ceeding forward
	layer_10: a maiden said he it is vain to a temprceding forward
	layer_12: a maiden said he it is vain to a temperceding forward

file: 3660-172183-0017.flac
expected: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_2: i connot by any meandre frain fromstlepe to warin essid h do thoal the erfoal wash the hoars as n stlee not
	layer_4: i cannot by any meand refrain from sleeped thou werinessid he do thou theirefolr wash the hoseas and stlepe not
	layer_6: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep thogh wariness aid he do thou therefore wathe the horsees and sleep not
	layer_8: i cannot by any means refraind from sleep though weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_10: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_12: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not

file: 3660-172183-0018.flac
expected: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_2: wenchyu sel the don af day apa sheluck droandrd a se af hy wal wakking in theiron he wok
	layer_4: whent oeu sawl the don ofe day a par she loced oirouderd a see if hoeu wil waking an therepon he wok
	layer_6: ad whent shoe saw the done of day appar she loked around erd to sey if he were waking and there upon he woke
	layer_8: and when she saw the dan of day appa she looked around her to se if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_10: nd when she saw the dawn of day appa she looked around hr to se if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_12: ad when she saw the dawn of day appar she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke

file: 3660-172183-0019.flac
expected: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowers mowing the meadows
	layer_2: and thei lef the wordin the caine toen ofenconto with medls on on hin and mo was moing the metos
	layer_4: and they lef the wourd in the camed to an open contu with metlls on one han and mowas moing the meatows
	layer_6: and they left the word and the came to an open countr with medtles on one hand and mo as moing the medows
	layer_8: and they left the wood and they came to an open countr with meadaows on one hand and mo as mowing the meadows
	layer_10: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mo as mowing the meadows
	layer_12: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mo s mowing the meadows

file: 3660-172183-0020.flac
expected: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_2: mi ld he atd wle al be tisplasingto the afi as wens thou com e st alson
	layer_4: my lord he aded wil a pe displeasing to the if i as whence thou com ostallsom
	layer_6: my lord he added will ap pe displeasingto the if i ase wence thou come ast allso
	layer_8: my lord he added will a be displeasing to the if i askd whence thou comeest allso
	layer_10: my lord he added willit be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comeest also
	layer_12: my lord he added willit be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also

file: 3660-172183-0021.flac
expected: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_2: will thol fow my countlesaid the yuht an take tha m frorm
	layer_4: will thou fow o my councal said the outh and take thy meal fro me
	layer_6: will thou fowow my councel said the youth and take thy meal form me
	layer_8: wilt thou fouow my council said the youth and take thy meale from me
	layer_10: wilt thou fouow my councel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_12: wilt thou fouow my councel said the youth and take thy meal from me

file: 3660-172183-0022.flac
expected: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_2: what sard of meil he inquid
	layer_4: what surd ofe mel he inquied
	layer_6: what sort of mel he inquied
	layer_8: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_10: what sort of meeal he inquired
	layer_12: what sort of meal he inquired

file: 3660-172183-0023.flac
expected: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_2: then they asdt on tok ther repast
	layer_4: then they washed ind took ther repast
	layer_6: then they washed and took their repased
	layer_8: then they washed and took their repest
	layer_10: then they washed and took their repest
	layer_12: then they washed and took their repest

file: 3660-172183-0024.flac
expected: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_2: igon nolordsat he tomeate the niht anto condact im to as largin
	layer_4: i go now lod said he to met the night anto contact him to his loging
	layer_6: i go now lord said he to meat the night and to conducd him to his lodging
	layer_8: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_10: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_12: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging

file: 3660-172183-0025.flac
expected: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_2: i wil dou lod said she a thou sast
	layer_4: i wil do lod said she as thou sayast
	layer_6: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_8: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_10: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_12: i will do lord said she as thou sayest

file: 3660-172183-0026.flac
expected: and after they had eaten and drank geraint went to sleep and so did enid also
	layer_2: and ar r theyad ead nendrank dram wen tislep and sotid ein idouso
	layer_4: and aftr they d eatn in drank duraine went ti slep and soted eined also
	layer_6: and affer they had eaten and drank durain went to sleep and soted enit also
	layer_8: and afer they had eaten and drank jrain went to sleep and sotid en it also
	layer_10: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did anit also
	layer_12: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did eanit also

file: 3660-6517-0000.flac
expected: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_2: the dat semn un an pod but thrut the pared the ofsesan men of the shipp eave van unry mitingly bisy
	layer_4: the dat seeme un an pot but throut the pared the ofses and men of the ship have veen un remitingly busy
	layer_6: the dat seem uninpot but throut the peried the offces and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_8: the date seem unimport but thouout the perrod the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_10: the date seem unimpornt but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_12: the date seem unimpornt but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy

file: 3660-6517-0001.flac
expected: bowers attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_2: bous a tac the shipstos servad reliss inrie stou dthe saving var ushpace by unsto ag nomrse cacees and stoin the contancs in thelasereat
	layer_4: bous at tack the shipstos servad relist ind e restod them saving very mus hpace by unstoing nomrs caces and stoing the contandse in the laser et
	layer_6: bows attackd the shipstos srvaede relist n a restoed them saving very muhpace by unstoing numeous cases and stowing the contense in the lazerat
	layer_8: bows attacked the ships doors surveed relistnda restowed them saving very muh space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazaret
	layer_10: bows attacked the ship's doors surveyed relisted  restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazaret
	layer_12: bows attacked the ship's doors surveyed relistend  restoed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazaret

file: 3660-6517-0002.flac
expected: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_2: bwithoud steeme the le connou becept under wit the han pon by to darly e ats of acorter ofvanow to tenteminets
	layer_4: bithout steeme the le connowt becept under with the hand pom by two dearly efits of a quader ofvan owit to twentyminits
	layer_6: without steam the leet cannow be kept under with the hand pumt by two darly effits of a quarter of an our to twenty minute
	layer_8: without steam the lak cannow be kept under with the handpump by two daly effrts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_10: without steam the leae cannow be kept under with the handpump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_12: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the handpump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes

file: 3660-6517-0003.flac
expected: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_2: as thas ship was and n ar presan hevily latin codition wouldh surtinl oftakgantretafor ous achday
	layer_4: as hae ship was and an hrpresen heavily late ind condition howould sertainly of takean threetifor ouas each day
	layer_6: as the ship was and in her present heavily lad incondition hi wuld certainly ovf takeen three t o for iuas each day
	layer_8: as the ship was and in her present heavily lade in condition he would certainlyhve taken three of foure huas each day
	layer_10: as the ship was and in her present heavily laide in condition i would certainly have taken three or four hours each day
	layer_12: as the ship was and in her present heavily laide in condition it would certainly have taken three or four hours each day

file: 3660-6517-0004.flac
expected: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_2: the ladg grentent was put u and propesufots mad fvor
	layer_4: the lage grentent was put up and propiseifotes made for d
	layer_6: the lage greentent was put up and propiseuforts made for i
	layer_8: the ladge green tent was put up and propersupforts made for it
	layer_10: the lage green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_12: the lage green tent was put up and proper supports made for it

file: 3660-6517-0005.flac
expected: the engine room staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists were stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_2: the engermsta an anisas pepl on the engens sindes wa stoin ther levitors the cokryfiting his galy an soot hot a singl spot but had is band of worrs
	layer_4: the enternom staf an anices people on the engens sintis wa stoing ther levbertorse the cokryfitting his galy and solfoth not a singl spot but had ids band of workrs
	layer_6: the enteroom staffh and anisns people on the engencs sigentis wae stoling their labirtors the cockry fitting his galy and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_8: the enter oom staff and anicns people on the engince scientice was stowing heir labators the cookry fitting has galle and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_10: the enjerroom staff and andisen's people on the engins scientist was stowing their labortories the cookry fitting has galley and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_12: the engerroom staff and andicen's people on the engines scientist was stowing their labortories the cookry fitting is galley and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers

file: 3660-6517-0006.flac
expected: the men's space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch to the stem on the main deck
	layer_2: the mens pace suchesis the ifforxtens frem thefo hach thestemon e maindek
	layer_4: the mens pace such as tis the aeforkstens from the for hatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_6: the menspace such as it is they areforextends from the forhatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_8: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_10: the men'space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_12: the men' space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck

file: 3660-6517-0007.flac
expected: under the forecastle are stalls for fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_2: and the forkaslasdalse if fifdeen ponies temacon the spas wuld hod the narow arail a spaceond frunt s pac tat with futr
	layer_4: indo the forcasolor stalles of fifden ponieth the maxonoln the space would hold the narow earegul aspace and frunt is pac taht woith futer
	layer_6: under the for castlor stalles of fifteen poneth the maxon on the space would hold the narow irregulauspace and front is pack taite with fater
	layer_8: under the fourcastl or stolls for fifteen ponies the maxin on the space would hold the narrow iregular space in front is packed tite with fater
	layer_10: under the four castle or stalls or fifteen ponies the maxinon the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packe tite with fater
	layer_12: under the foure castle or stalls or fifteen ponies the maxinon the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tite with fater

file: 3660-6517-0008.flac
expected: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is the small booby hatch the only entrance to the men's mess deck in bad weather
	layer_2: meteluld behine he forcaslbolc at s the smalbr be hach the olianges o the mens mesteckan bat wether
	layer_4: metelylh be hined the for casstlbolcate is the small bobehach the onlyangers to the mends mestecan bad wether
	layer_6: metly behignd the fore castle bolkat as a small bobyhach the only enjes to the men's mesteck and bad wether
	layer_8: medately behind the fourecastle bolcade is a small boubihach the only incest of the men's messteck ind bad weather
	layer_10: immediately behind the four castle bolcade is a small boubihatch the only inchest of the men's mestack an bad weather
	layer_12: immediately behind the four castle bolcade is a small boubihatch the only inches of the men's mestac and bad weather

file: 3660-6517-0009.flac
expected: abaft the fore hatch is the ice house
	layer_2: abeaf the for haches the is hose
	layer_4: abaf the fore hach es the ase hous
	layer_6: abatf the forhach is the ashouse
	layer_8: abo the forehach is the ace house
	layer_10: abo the forehatchis the as house
	layer_12: abov the forehatch is the ac house

file: 3660-6517-0010.flac
expected: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_2: we manish e gat three tuns of ice one hundered siceyto cacks es of motn and three cak as as of beafe besidtes am bacs of swee breads n cidnes intothisbas
	layer_4: we mani hu get three tunds of ice one hundred sixe tu caksas of muten and three ck acas of bef besitsombok of swee preads and kidnes into thi spacs
	layer_6: we manise o get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cokses of moten and three ccuses of beaf besidesome boxs of sweet breads and kidnees into thi space
	layer_8: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two coccses of motton and three cocases of beaef beside some boxes of sweet breads and kinees into this space
	layer_10: we manage to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cocases of mutton and three coases of beaf besides some boxes of sweet breads and kidnes into this space
	layer_12: we manage to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cocases of mutton and three cocases of beaf besides some boxes of sweet breads and kidnes into this space

file: 3660-6517-0011.flac
expected: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cargo and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_2: the sax mrentening hiss last at ito the goods aridy mentiond mna arreally heavy dec caigo and wone has nachuly acus conserningoi but ereri thing the com be dun by lasingan scuring has benden
	layer_4: the saxkcantening this last at ito the goods aradymentiond make a realy heavy deck cago and one his natualy anxtious concerning ad but earery theing the com be dune by lashing and scuring has bendon
	layer_6: the sax cmontending this last addit o the goods alredymentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one is naturlly anxtious concerning it but evrything the cam be done by lashing ndscuring has been done
	layer_8: the sacxs contanding this last addit to the good's already mentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing andscuring has been done
	layer_10: the saxk containding this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and dscuring has been done
	layer_12: the sax containding this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and scuring has been done

file: 3660-6517-0012.flac
expected: forage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbourne
	layer_2: forage iragaly ort therty tuns of compresst ot in ha fro melbon
	layer_4: forige i riagily orted thirty tons of compresst otind ha from melbon
	layer_6: forige i riginly orded thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbone
	layer_8: forage ioriginally orded thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbon
	layer_10: forige i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbon
	layer_12: forie i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat an hay from melbon

file: 3660-6517-0013.flac
expected: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_2: the sem is holy anchinting and such a v fomson shelted sony cornerin agadn which blae with mases of readin goldind flos tenstifalings of in texprussibale seaas facto with a thinse
	layer_4: the seene is holy inchanting an such o vew fom son shelted sony corner in agoden which blass with mases oaf reading goldand flous tenstifelings of  in thexpressible sat is facton with all thingse
	layer_6: the seen is wholy inchanting ind such a view fom some shelted sonny corner an a goden which blases with masses of read ing golden flows tens to felings of inexpressible satis facton with all things
	layer_8: the sene is wholy enchanting and such a view fom some shelted sunny corner in a gaden which blazes with masses of red ang golden flows tens to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_10: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowrs tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_12: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowrs tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things

file: 3660-6517-0014.flac
expected: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_2: greate masupeplesembled
	layer_4: agreat masso peoplassembled
	layer_6: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_8: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_10: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_12: a great mass of people assembled

file: 3660-6517-0015.flac
expected: k and i lunched with a party in the new zealand company's ship ruapehu
	layer_2: ca an i lunt wir he potin theelln compeny shipp wrepwh
	layer_4: can i lunce with the pdin the sealn compiny ship repeho
	layer_6: ca in i lunch with the pardi ing them zearl nd compani ship ruperwho
	layer_8: kaan i lunch with the party ing themzel ncompanyship rupeho
	layer_10: kay an i lunch with the party in the zel n companyship rupeh
	layer_12: kay an i lunch with the party in the zel an companyship rupeho

file: 3660-6517-0016.flac
expected: telegram to say terra nova had arrived sunday night
	layer_2: tel remde say tar  nover hat arrie sondi nig
	layer_4: tellid ram to say tarre novberhad arive sondi naight
	layer_6: tellid ram to say terrinovrhead arrive sundy nigt
	layer_8: teleram t say terrinover had arrived undy night
	layer_10: telegram t say terenova had arrived sunday night
	layer_12: telegram t say terenova had arrived sunday night

file: 3660-6517-0017.flac
expected: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_2: a theurdseledg ed in te cross t a brake o the popen ispacs hithe to arkupd by the afterwinch
	layer_4: a thirdsladgetan tocross th brake of the poop an itspace heir the to arkypied by the afterwinch
	layer_6: a third sledged and across the brake of he poop and thet space hithe two arcepied by they afterwinch
	layer_8: a third sledgetand across the breake of the poop ind thet space hitherto occupied by they after winch
	layer_10: a third sledge stands across the brak of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_12: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch

file: 3660-6517-0018.flac
expected: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_2: the qanlius to ne havf tonds and  space ackupi considerbl
	layer_4: the cquanitius to in hav tuns and he space occupyd conciterable
	layer_6: the quantiti is to in have tons and te space ocupie considerable
	layer_8: the quantity is to in half tuns and the space occupied considerable
	layer_10: the quantity is too ind half tuns and the space occupied considerable
	layer_12: the quantity is too ind half tuns and the space occupied considerable

file: 3660-6517-0019.flac
expected: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_2: the shippas of a to feet by the strn but is wl souin be rumiled
	layer_4: the ship was of a two feet by the sturn but tis will son be remilydb
	layer_6: the ship was ovar two feet by the stern but this will soon be remilyd
	layer_8: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_10: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_12: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied

file: 3660-6517-0020.flac
expected: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_2: they musperfost bechaned up an th ar guven what shelters tefort et ondeck but ther positin is not enviabl
	layer_4: they must perofost bechained up and the a given whath shelters a fourd etd on deck but theire position his note anviable
	layer_6: they must purforce be chained up and they har given whath shelters affourted on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_8: they must perforce be chained up and they hard given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_10: they must perforce be chained up and they have given what shelteris afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_12: they must perforce be chained up and they have given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable

file: 3660-6517-0021.flac
expected: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast emits a long pathetic whine
	layer_2: it is apbu thet agaitod depply signifficin of cold in misery casiny someporb bes mits a long put that iceine
	layer_4: it is a pethet ic atittud deeplycignifficin of cold ind misery casiony somepor bece amits a long pu that ic ine
	layer_6: it is a pathetic atituede deeply significent of cold and misery casionly some por beaseemits a long puthaticwine
	layer_8: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery casionaly some poor beeasumits a long pathetic wine
	layer_10: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery casioally some poor beeste amits a long pathetic wine
	layer_12: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery ccasionlly some poor beeste abmits a long pathetic wine

file: 3660-6517-0022.flac
expected: there are generally one or two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_2: ther agenly onei to ne wach which esis maters but itd is tha sqwuh
	layer_4: there agenly one i to one watch which eases mates but it is a squash
	layer_6: there ae genealy one ed two on watch which eases maters but it is a squash
	layer_8: there are geneay wanted to on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_10: there are generally wonted to on watch which eses matters but it is a squash
	layer_12: there are generally wanted to on watch which eses matters but it is a squash

file: 3660-6517-0023.flac
expected: later in the day the wind has veered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_2: laterin the day the won his ve had do the west wedhadting a slihely
	layer_4: later in the day the win his vead to the west wuod headting as slightly
	layer_6: later in the day the wind his veaird to the westwood heating a slightly
	layer_8: later in the day the wind has vered to the westwoard headding as slightly
	layer_10: later in the day the wind is veed to the westward headding us slightly
	layer_12: later in the day the wind his vered to the westward headding us slightly

file: 3660-6517-0024.flac
expected: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_2: o ton acconcsen with intemintnessustencrormothers worbistekeping the pones o thirlegs
	layer_4: otsan aconcon with intermintinessistenc ermothers were busy keeping the ponis on their legs
	layer_6: ots an acconson with intermintnassistancs frorm mothers were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_8: oates and acckinson with intermittane assistance from others were busy keeping the pones on their legs
	layer_10: otes and ackinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_12: otes and ackinson with intermitent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs

file: 3660-6517-0025.flac
expected: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and re lashing the petrol cases et cetera in the best manner possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_2: thet was nothing forad bu to graplewith th evil ind nealy all he ands tle labring fa ouws in the watesi ti ship heving col secx o wod an  re lassion thepetaolkase s settere in the best man uposible an a such div arcld anddangere sircromsences
	layer_4: there was nothing forad but to graple with the evil in neally all hands wie labring for ous in the waithe to the ship heving col saecxovwlabard and relashing the petural caces sedr an the best man upossible unda such difvercalt and dangeres srcomsances
	layer_6: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil andnearly all hands wele labring for ours in the waith to the ship heaving cole saxs ovabord and relashing the petural cases setera in the best man apossible undte such difficult and danger's circum sances
	layer_8: there was nothing for id but to grappl with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waits of the ship heaving col saxks overboard in relashing the petral cases setera an the best man ar possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_10: there was nothing for it but to grappl with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the wait of the ship heaving cold saks overboard and relashing the petral cases setera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_12: there was nothing forit but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waihts of the ship heaving col sacks overboard and relashing the petral cases setera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances

file: 3660-6517-0026.flac
expected: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_2: no son wads some semplense of oterestod d ancsom ex septionly hevy wae would tareway thelasiong an the war c ad the bedont allov vergin
	layer_4: no son wals some semplence of outerestod and some eccueptinly havywav would taraway the lashing and the work ad a bedont all over agin
	layer_6: no soon would some sembplance of odrestoed an some exceptionaly heavywave would teirway the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_8: no sooner wold some semblance of orderestored thand some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_10: no sooner wuls some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_12: no sooner would some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again

file: 3660-6517-0027.flac
expected: from this moment about four a m the engine room became the centre of interest
	layer_2: from thismomentd abo fory am the engr bekame thit sentr oventerest
	layer_4: from this moment aboutfori am the endrom became theth sentrof intrest
	layer_6: from this moment about for iam the endronm became theth centr of interest
	layer_8: from this moment about for i m the enjrom became theh centre of interest
	layer_10: from this moment about for a m the enjrom became thecentre of interest
	layer_12: from this moment about for a m the endrom became thecentre of interest

file: 3660-6517-0028.flac
expected: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_2: the wat agandispyt of everiet
	layer_4: the wat againe hisbyte of everyeft
	layer_6: the wat againe hispite of every effit
	layer_8: the wat e gained hi spite of every effit
	layer_10: the watter gained i spite of every effort
	layer_12: the watter gained in spite of every effort

file: 3660-6517-0029.flac
expected: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_2: the out loc apad grems
	layer_4: the out lok apaad grems
	layer_6: the outlook a paired grims
	layer_8: the outlook apared grims
	layer_10: the outlook appared grims
	layer_12: the outlook appeared grims

file: 3660-6517-0030.flac
expected: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_2: the mount of wate wort as being made with the ship so rulhy handed was mostd an sertan
	layer_4: the mount of wad a wachuas being made with the ship so rugly haundled was most an sertan
	layer_6: the mount of water which was being made with the shipso rugfly handled was most uncertain
	layer_8: the mount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_10: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_12: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain

file: 3660-6517-0031.flac
expected: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_2: whlinms had to confrsshe was beaten ind mus troafis wht was abe don
	layer_4: whill ims had to confesshe was beaten ind must drof ies what was abe dun
	layer_6: williums had to confesche was beaten and must droff ies what was to be done
	layer_8: willuams had to confess he was beaten and must draw eys what was to be done
	layer_10: william's had to confess he was beaten and must drawfeys what was to be done
	layer_12: williams had to confess he was beaten and must drawfeys what was to be done

file: 3660-6517-0032.flac
expected: the bilge pump is dependent on the main engine
	layer_2: the bot pombes tependit on the man engion
	layer_4: the bilte prompes topendet on the mane engon
	layer_6: the builte prompos depended on the maine engion
	layer_8: the bilts prompas depended on the main engine
	layer_10: the bilts prompas depended on the main engine
	layer_12: the bilt prompas depended on the main engine

file: 3660-6517-0033.flac
expected: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_2: un onicagion iu was wastep waen standing on thea rael of the fl
	layer_4: on one acasion i as wayceteep oenstainding on te ral of the po
	layer_6: on one occasion i was wai tteep wen standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_8: on one occasion i was waysdeep when standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_10: on one occasion i was was deep when standing on the rail of the po
	layer_12: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the poo

file: 3660-6517-0034.flac
expected: the afterguard were organised in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safeguard of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale her out
	layer_2: the eaftrogad wie organ isd ind to pod his by ev ans to wr buces the men wa capstedly going on the chothanpomps the seme da the co bedun rthe moment and wat a mege do coundos the soll saf kalt o the ship fromsinking prategly an attemp to beyalerout
	layer_4: the aftergod wil organisd andtwo pdies by evins to work buckets the men wal cap stedly going on the choked hand pumps the seeme d all the coal bedone fo the moment and want a meaged a countos the soule safe gout of the ship from sinking practigly in atemp to bail arout
	layer_6: the aftergod wir oganised an two poties by evons to work buckets the men were kep steaily going on the choked hand pumps the seemed all the could be done fo the moment and wate a megit to count as the soul safe got of the ship from sinking practicaly in attempto baile ar out
	layer_8: the after god were organized in two poties by evens to work buckets the men were kept steaily going on the choked handpumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and at a mesure to count as the sole safe got of the ship from sinking practicaly an attempt to bail or out
	layer_10: the aftergod were organized in two podies by evons to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked handpumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a mesure to count as the sol safe god of the ship from sinking practically in attempt to bail or out
	layer_12: the aftergod were organized in two podies by evons to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked handpumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a mesure to count as the sole safe god of the ship from sinking practically in attempt to baile or out

file: 3660-6517-0035.flac
expected: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_2: acagionlya heavy se would bre one of the moway and he was aly sa by hs chin
	layer_4: a casionly a heavey see would bear one of the mowa and he was only sayve by as chain
	layer_6: accasinly a heavy see would bear one of the maway and he was only save by his chain
	layer_8: occasionally a heavy see would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_10: occasionally a heavy see would bear one of them oway and he was only save by his chain
	layer_12: occasionally a heavy see would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain

file: 3660-172182-0000.flac
expected: now this is how arthur hunted the stag
	layer_2: no this has hou other hunted de stag
	layer_4: now this is hou ather hunded the stag
	layer_6: now this is how ather hunded the steg
	layer_8: now this is how athor hunted the stag
	layer_10: now this is how uthor hunted the stag
	layer_12: now this is how athor hunted the stag

file: 3660-172182-0001.flac
expected: and the last dog that was let loose was the favorite dog of arthur cavall was his name
	layer_2: an the las do dit was latlose was af faverc duga ather cov al was his nime
	layer_4: an the las togtit was lat luse was a favort dogof ather cov all was his nam
	layer_6: an the last dogedtat was let lose was a favort dog of ather caval was his name
	layer_8: and the last dog tat was let loose was a favorite dog of athor kava was his name
	layer_10: and the last dog that was let loose was a favourite dog of athor kaval was his name
	layer_12: and the last dog thet was let loose was a favourite dog of athor kaval was his name

file: 3660-172182-0002.flac
expected: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_2: then they sownd of the dat rn foe sling an they ogathe rd
	layer_4: then they sound of the death horn fo slaing an the a gathed rout
	layer_6: then they sound of the death horn for slaying and they all gatherd rout
	layer_8: then they soundof the death horn for slaying and they ale gathered aroud
	layer_10: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered around
	layer_12: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered around

file: 3660-172182-0003.flac
expected: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_2: one whist hat isch be givento thelaty best belove by him and ano theatto the aty whom he loved bast
	layer_4: one wished o that i sho begivento the lady best be loved by him and a now that to the lady whom he loved bast
	layer_6: one wished that it shu be given to the lady best beloved by him and anothat to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_8: one wished that it hol be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_10: one wished that it shuld be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_12: one wished that it sould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best

file: 3660-172182-0004.flac
expected: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_2: and aftrmi day they be held an un shaply litl manpona hos and afto him a dam mordamsl alsalon has back and apto her annight of lidg htacur bou down an hangin se had loan sarfully aen clat in brokn and worth lis amer
	layer_4: and aftermid day they be held an unshaply litl man upon ahose and af ter him adame oredamsl alsoone hos beck and apto her anighte of lodge statcure bou down an hanging his had lo in sorofoully an clat in broken and worthlis imor
	layer_6: and after mid day they be held an unshapely little man upon a hose and after him a dame or damsl also one hosebec and after her a night of lige stathere bowd down and hanging his head low and sorowfully and cladin broken and worthless hammor
	layer_8: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lage stather bowed down and hanging his head lo and sorrowfully and cladden broken and worthless amour
	layer_10: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and claddin broken and worthless armor
	layer_12: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and claddin broken and worthless amor

file: 3660-172182-0005.flac
expected: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_2: i kno not who they a bsaid he but i n s aid gan ifver thisus then nightwho jran pesod and me thing sthat hy coms notte ary as n fre will
	layer_4: i know not who they a said he but ino said gene over thiss the night whom jerant pesuod and me h things that he comes not hear by his on fore will
	layer_6: i know not who they a said he but i know said gueneof er this is the night whom juraint persuid and me things that he comes not here by his own fry will
	layer_8: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenover this is the knight whom jeraint pursuid and mee things that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_10: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom ju aint pursuied and me things that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_12: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom ju aint pursued and me things that he comes not here by his own free will

file: 3660-172182-0006.flac
expected: but geraint has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_2: butjuraintrs of atakoninm ine oveng insalto the maden to the utermost
	layer_4: but jurainthes of atakenim in avengy insul to the maden to the uermost
	layer_6: but juraint as ovar taken im in avengety insult to the maden to the uttermost
	layer_8: but jerainthas overtakenhim and avenge the insult o the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_10: but gerant has overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_12: but gerainte has overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost

file: 3660-172182-0007.flac
expected: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_2: laty saitd he atd the gate thei ras a nigt andi son never aman of so putifl an asbectolok apones
	layer_4: lady said he ant the gate the as anight and i son never aman of so pitiful an aspecto look apon as e
	layer_6: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_8: lady said he at the gate there was a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_10: lady said he at the gate there was a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_12: lady said he at the gate there was a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he

file: 3660-172182-0008.flac
expected: i do said he he tells me that he is edeyrn the son of nudd
	layer_2: i do said h he telse me that he is etterin the some ofe nod
	layer_4: i do said he he telse me that he is etteran the some ofed nod
	layer_6: i do said he he tells me that he is edterin the some of nd
	layer_8: i do said he he tells me that he is edterin the sum of nud
	layer_10: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the sun of nud
	layer_12: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the sum of nud

file: 3660-172182-0009.flac
expected: then she replied i know him not
	layer_2: thaen shery plid i no him not
	layer_4: hen she repliede i know him not
	layer_6: then she replied i know him not
	layer_8: then she replied i know him not
	layer_10: then she replied i know him not
	layer_12: then she replied i know him not

file: 3660-172182-0010.flac
expected: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_2: so goneofvr hento ega to met hinm an he entrd
	layer_4: sogone of er went to the gae to mete him an he entered
	layer_6: so gone of er wen to the gate to meeat him and he entered
	layer_8: si ginovr went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_10: sa genover went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_12: so genever went to the gate to meet him and he entered

file: 3660-172182-0011.flac
expected: and geraint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_2: and derain greats lhe wel and igreating the he compelld me t a com hethe to do thi plese folt y insut which thi madn resev for the d wofh no wetide oveatacele
	layer_4: and derain greats the well and ingreating the he compeld me d a come her ther to do thoy please fal he insought whach thy maden receive from the dwaf no wedid he ofe atake thy
	layer_6: and duraint greats the well and engreding the he compeld me to come her ther to do thy pleasure for the insolt which thy made n receive from the dwaf no wheardit he overtakethee
	layer_8: and durant greets he well and ingreeting the he compeled me to come hether to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maidn received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_10: and durent greets thee well and engreeting tee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_12: and dureint greets thee well and engreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee

file: 3660-172182-0012.flac
expected: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraint will be here
	layer_2: sersaid sh when thinkustou that jurant wil be ha
	layer_4: srsaid she when think astou that juraind will be her
	layer_6: sir said she when think istow that juraind will be here
	layer_8: sir said she when thinkest thou that jerant will be here
	layer_10: sir said she when thinkest thou that jerante will be here
	layer_12: sir said she when thinkest thou that jerant will be here

file: 3660-172182-0013.flac
expected: to morrow lady i think he will be here with the maiden
	layer_2: tomarlay ma sthin cu be her wit the matn
	layer_4: to morlay miy thin you be her with the matn
	layer_6: to morolay  mi think you wil be here wit the maton
	layer_8: to morow lady i think yo will be herewit the maien
	layer_10: to morow lady i think you will be here with the maiden
	layer_12: to morrow lady i think you will be here with the maiden

file: 3660-172182-0014.flac
expected: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_2: am ld sai hy n have met wiat much thruble n reseeved wooms unseupoartible
	layer_4: i am lod said he anda have met with much truble and received wons unsupportable
	layer_6: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wun's unsurportable
	layer_8: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_10: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_12: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable

file: 3660-172182-0015.flac
expected: well said arthur from what i hear it behooves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_2: wheltall uther fat i hearit bewhos glver to be musful tods thy
	layer_4: weltalloutheire fom hot i her at bewhoes guenver to be mrsful tods the
	layer_6: well tall auther from what i here it behoes gwunver to be mersful tords the
	layer_8: well tellauther from what i hear it behoves gunver to be mercful toards thee
	layer_10: well tell arthur from what i hear it behoves gunver to be mercful towards thee
	layer_12: well tell arthur from what i hear it behooves guinver to be merceful towards thee

file: 3660-172182-0016.flac
expected: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_2: the mrse whach thoud desairis lood said sh wiligrant him sonceidisas esolting to the e at inincseld shue be ofr tome asto thyself
	layer_4: the mersy whach thou desiris lod said she will i gran to him sinceidisis nselting to the that an inselt shud be offrd to me as to theyself
	layer_6: the mersy which thou desiros lod said she will i grand to him sinceit isis n sulting to the that an insult should be offerd to me as to thyself
	layer_8: the mercy which thou desiros lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_10: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_12: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself

file: 3660-172182-0017.flac
expected: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_2: thus walal be besto dous said other lat t his min hav me acar antillo be knon whe ther he ma li
	layer_4: thus willo be bes to dos said other let this man have maticeal care antill i be known whether he ma lim
	layer_6: thus wil be best to dos said ather let this man have metical care antill it be known whether he may live
	layer_8: thus wil it be best to dos said athur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_10: thus will it be best to do said author let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_12: thus will it be best to do said athor let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live

file: 3660-172182-0018.flac
expected: to guenever and her handmaidens said he
	layer_2: to welv erner hand maiven sid hy
	layer_4: to wenaeer rner han maeen said hy
	layer_6: to gen of her in her hand maden said he
	layer_8: took one of her in her handmaidden said he
	layer_10: took one of her in her hand maiddens said he
	layer_12: took one of her in her hand maidens said he

file: 3660-172182-0019.flac
expected: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_2: and the stoule o the houshol so orded her
	layer_4: and the stole o the hose hol so orded her
	layer_6: an the stude of he househole so orded her
	layer_8: and the stuoe of the household so ordered her
	layer_10: and the stuade of the household so ordered her
	layer_12: and the stuwade of the household so ordered her

file: 3660-172182-0020.flac
expected: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seem'd so like his own of modred arthur's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_2: and bein yong hechased imself andgro to hate the sin that semed so laeuson of mordred ot thes nefyou and felat last ind the greadt battlo fiding for the cing
	layer_4: and being yong he changed himself and gro to hate the sin that seemeed so like his on of modred ot his nefou and fellit last in the greate battl fihing for the king
	layer_6: and being young he changed himself and grew to hahte the sin that seemed so like his own of modred oti's nefew and fell at last in the great battle fighing for the king
	layer_8: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred ate's nepew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_10: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred atha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_12: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred atha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king

file: 3660-172182-0021.flac
expected: and when geraint came to the place where guenever was he saluted her
	layer_2: ind wen jerind camedto the place wa gonifver was yhe solodeter
	layer_4: ind when jeran came to the place wa one ev her was he sio luteder
	layer_6: and when juran came to the place wig wene of her was he sluted her
	layer_8: ad when jurin came to the placewhig ene of er was he saluted her
	layer_10: ad when jerine came to the place whereg one ofvher was he saluted her
	layer_12: and when jerin came to the place where one ofvher was he saluted her

file: 3660-172182-0022.flac
expected: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_2: then they went in in dis mounted
	layer_4: then they wente in in dismounted
	layer_6: then they went in indismounted
	layer_8: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_10: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_12: then they went in and dismounted

file: 3660-172182-0023.flac
expected: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_2: hevhen pr tackthy sa ather and the wakeom ofe haven be unto thy
	layer_4: heven protecthy sad ather and the walkm of heavend be unto thy
	layer_6: heaven protec the sid ather and the walkm of heaven be unter the
	layer_8: heaven protect thee said athor and the wolkom of heaven be untr thee
	layer_10: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcom of heaven be unto thee
	layer_12: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcom of heaven be unto thee

file: 3660-172182-0024.flac
expected: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edeyrn the son of nudd thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_2: and in is muches thow has vanqursh ednerin the sone of nod thow has t hada prospros cura
	layer_4: and in his much es thoug hasd vanquisht ednurn the sone of nod thou hasd had aprosperoscoria
	layer_6: and in is much as thou hasd vanquishd edneron the sun of nud thou hast had a prosperouscoria
	layer_8: and in as much as thou hast vanquised ednerin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous curia
	layer_10: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquised dnerin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous cariar
	layer_12: and inas much as thou hast vanquished ednerin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous caria

file: 3660-172182-0025.flac
expected: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_2: and from tat tim tu becam is with
	layer_4: and from that time hu became is wife
	layer_6: and from that time hu became his wife
	layer_8: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_10: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_12: and from that time she became his wife

file: 3660-172182-0026.flac
expected: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_2: and he maded tk uperabodtin the peus and she had many compeniens both menen wimen and the was no mate mor steeme thanshe in the ilan tho britn
	layer_4: and the maden took aperabod in the pouse and she had many companioncs both men in woman and there was no maiten more steemd hand sh in the iland o briten
	layer_6: and the madent took up her abot in the pouse and she had many companioncs both men an women and there was no madn more steemed han she in the island of britten
	layer_8: and the maiden took up her abot in the palce and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden moresteamed than she in the island of brittin
	layer_10: and the maiden took up her abod in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteaemed than she in the island of brittain
	layer_12: and the maiden took up her abod in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain

file: 3660-172182-0027.flac
expected: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_2: and e yare and asackn anat third he prceted thuss and til as faing had flon ofver the face of the kindom
	layer_4: and ae yeare and a sacknd anat thired he proceeted thus antill his faine had flone ove the face of the kingdom
	layer_6: and a year and a sacond an athird he perceeded thus until his fain had flone over the face of the kingdom
	layer_8: and a year and a second and athird he proceeded thus until his faine had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_10: and a year and a second and a third he proceded thus until his fem had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_12: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fam had flown over the face of the kingdom

file: 3660-172182-0028.flac
expected: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_2: and he grets the wel asanuncleshu gretis nef o and as e vasslo shu gret is lod
	layer_4: and he greeats the well has an unkls shoud gread is neg you and as a vassl shold great his lod
	layer_6: and he greats the well has an uncle should greet is nefew and as a vasle should greet his lod
	layer_8: and he greets thee well has an uncle should greet his nefew and as a vasl should greet his lord
	layer_10: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassl should greet his lord
	layer_12: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassl should greet his lord

file: 3660-172182-0029.flac
expected: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covet his land and possessions
	layer_2: and the eay bringchee noing misgrowencelentord im and caveit is land ind posessins
	layer_4: and the nay bring chife nowing missgrowincelen tod him and coveithis land and posesions
	layer_6: and the neagboring chiefs knowing mhiss grow incelentord him and covert his land in possessions
	layer_8: and the neghboring chiefs knowing thiss grow incolent toward him and covere his land in possessions
	layer_10: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toard him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_12: and the neighbouring chief's knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions

file: 3660-172182-0030.flac
expected: and arthur told geraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_2: and othe tol juran the cas of the mition an of the coming of tly abassites to him out of cornal truly said jrant be it to mid  vantegoro disit venig lod i wil do r codin to thi wil conserning hasembisy
	layer_4: and othe told urant the cas of the mistion an of the coming of lhe embasites to him out of con wall truly said uraint be at to mid itventedo dicitvenige lod i will do ae coudin to thi will concerningthe sempisy
	layer_6: and oauthe told yourant the cause of the mission and of the coming of the imbacites to him out of conwall truly said juraint be it to myidvantago disatvanage lod i will do occoding to thy well concerning th s empacy
	layer_8: and atha told urant the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassites to him out of conwall truly said juraint be it to myadvantadge our disadvantage lod i will do according to thy well concerning th sempasy
	layer_10: and atha told yuraunt the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said jurant be it to myadvantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning the s embassy
	layer_12: and atha told yur aunt the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of conwall truly said juraint be it to myadvantage our disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning thes embassy

file: 3660-172182-0031.flac
expected: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_2: what dis cs said gonover dow y haby tweknyou
	layer_4: what dis couse said gene over to i ha be tween yoeu
	layer_6: what dis course said guenofvher to i har between you
	layer_8: what discouse said guenover do i heare between you
	layer_10: what discourse said genover do i hear between you
	layer_12: what discourse said geniver do i hear between you

file: 3660-172182-0032.flac
expected: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_2: sid duraint i thingishoul heveanof of naghtood with me and they set frth
	layer_4: said juraint i thin k isiaull have a nofgh of night hod with me and they sat forth
	layer_6: said jurint i think i shall have enough of nighthod with me and they sat forth
	layer_8: said jeraint i think i shall have enough of knighthod with me and they sat forth
	layer_10: said jerant i think i shall ave enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_12: said gerant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth

file: 3660-172182-0033.flac
expected: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severn
	layer_2: and never was ti sein afara holse gurning tod se severen
	layer_4: and never was ti seeng afhaira hoset gurning tod se severen
	layer_6: and never was tis seen a faira hose journiing toards a severen
	layer_8: and never was thie sen a faira host journeying towards th severin
	layer_10: and never was there seen a farar host journeying toward the severign
	layer_12: and never was there seen a farar host journeying towards the sevrign

file: 3660-172182-0034.flac
expected: and he said to geraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominion for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_2: and he sete jurent ime  febl in a nageed min and wastti was able to maentain thed de means for the inf a mysel i didsu
	layer_4: and he saidted juraint i am a feeble in anaged man and wilst i was abled to maintaine the demeans for the in a myself i didt so
	layer_6: and he said to jurant i am a feeble in an aged man and whillst i was able to maintain the dimeions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_8: and he said to gurant i am a feeble an an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dimiions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_10: and he said to jerant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_12: and he said to jurant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so

file: 3660-172182-0035.flac
expected: and every one asked that which he desired
	layer_2: an hevere one ast that whiche disited
	layer_4: and heere wne oas that which he des ited
	layer_6: and every one asked that which he desited
	layer_8: and everyone asked that which he desided
	layer_10: and everyone asked that which he desired
	layer_12: and everyone asked that which he desired

file: 3660-172182-0036.flac
expected: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_2: and they wenot longn giving so eg was evry onedo besto gis ind of those wo cained askufs nond e poterd un sad is fid
	layer_4: and they welnot longand giving so eaka was every onedto bestogifs and of thosewo came to askifs nond u poted unsat is fied
	layer_6: and they wole not long and giving so eaga was every one to bustil gifs and of those who came to askifs none depoted unsatisfied
	layer_8: and they wer not long an giving so eagae was every one to bestol gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none depotted unsatisfied
	layer_10: and they were not long an giving so eaga was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none depotted unsatisfied
	layer_12: and they were not long an giving so eagl was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none depotted unsatisfied

file: 3660-172182-0037.flac
expected: then geraint sent ambassadors to the men of cornwall to ask them this
	layer_2: thendurains n ebases to the men of cornwalto astemess
	layer_4: thengurains end ebasses to the men of corn wal to ast themess
	layer_6: then uraints and i basses to the men of corn wiall to askethemiss
	layer_8: then jurantes and embasses to the men of corn will to ask themiss
	layer_10: then jurates and ambassas to the men of cornwal to ask the miss
	layer_12: then jurates and ambassas to the men of cornwall to ask the miss

file: 3660-172182-0038.flac
expected: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_2: and they als a thata would be the folnece of joion oner to themfo guranto comin re see ther omengce
	layer_4: and they alsaid that at would be the fllee of joioun onr to them for jeraint to comon receiv their armege
	layer_6: and they al said that it woul be the fulness of joian hona to them for jurant to coman receive their omage
	layer_8: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joian honour to them for jurant to come and receive their omage
	layer_10: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for gerante to come and receive their omage
	layer_12: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for gerant to come and receive their omage

file: 3660-172182-0039.flac
expected: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_2: so he resev the ome ge of such as wi theer
	layer_4: so he receeve the omage of such as wrh thre
	layer_6: so he received the omage of such as were thre
	layer_8: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_10: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_12: so he received the omage of such as were there

file: 3660-172182-0040.flac
expected: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_2: and the day afeto the falws ofvother in tini de gowy
	layer_4: and the day afeto the followas of auther intened dogo way
	layer_6: and the day after the followrs of ather ntened to goway
	layer_8: and the day after the followes of athur intended to go away
	layer_10: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_12: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away

file: 116-288048-0000.flac
expected: a number of other dates were observed by the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gospels give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_2: and tembero other dats wr ober orothe cricinchurich a verius tims is the berty hagesesthe gos was gif not date and at bear to be quight and sern rely ing ner a botit
	layer_4: and tembr o other dates wer absere wit the crichiin church ov verious times as the bur ty hobjeasesthe gos was gif not dat and apear to be quigt and sertan relly eigneurd abot it
	layer_6: antember of other dates were observed wit a crician church o verious times as the birtthy objesus the gous was give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignord about it
	layer_8: a nember of other dates were observed with a chritian church af various times as the birt tey objesus the goss was give no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignored about it
	layer_10: a number of other dates were observed with a christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the goss was give no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignornt about it
	layer_12: a number of other dates were observed with a christian church at various times as the birtday of jesus the goss was give no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it

file: 116-288048-0001.flac
expected: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_2: hy ipther is ni evldin sthea he was born a mat day
	layer_4: hy ef there is no evinins they he was borno mat day
	layer_6: yef there is no evidene that he was borno mat day
	layer_8: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_10: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_12: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day

file: 116-288048-0002.flac
expected: why this discrepancy in a historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_2: wmy t is tiscrecmet se im historcled dotkinit to say nohin aboinsporation
	layer_4: wiy t is tiscreckment ehye in t his storcle documet to say noth ing aboult incs pration
	layer_6: wmit is tdescreppmentsy in te his storical doccument to saye nothing about inspration
	layer_8: why os descrapmency in te historical document to say nothing about inspration
	layer_10: wy dos discrapency in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_12: wy dois discrapmency in te historical document to say nothing about inspiration

file: 116-288048-0003.flac
expected: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant messiah
	layer_2: agim mat heu sais that to oexcae the ebl hesinds of harid marin josot withe infren jeses flat into eaget losis nothing aboutis hearedfligt nor ofe har ids intanction drocilty intfon the sia
	layer_4: agin mat hu says that to xcape the ebld hesinds of haried mary injose withe infentjeses fleat into eagid lukes as nothing about his hered flight nor of harids intantion to kil te infon tesir
	layer_6: again matu says that to excape the ebile desines of harid mary injosive with the infant jesus flet into egipt lukes has nothing about this hurede flight nor of harids intantion to kill the infant desia
	layer_8: again matu says that to excape the ebil designs of herid mary an josipe with the infant jesus fled into egypt lupehas nothing about this huried flight nor of herid's intaintion to kill the infant dessia
	layer_10: again mathu says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lukes says nothing about this hurried flight nor of harid's intention to kill the infant desia
	layer_12: again matthuw says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lukes says nothing about this hurried flight nor of harid's intention to kill the infant desia

file: 116-288048-0004.flac
expected: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_2: on e comned the mor import in chapprs abudeses wie me wiquitter tificltes
	layer_4: hon he come to the more importand chafpers afboudesis whem met wih quiter tifficultes
	layer_6: bwhen we come to the more importan chafpers about jesis we met with quiter difficulties
	layer_8: when we come to the more important chapers about jeses we met with queitter difficulties
	layer_10: when we come to the more important chaters about jesihs we meet with greatter difficulties
	layer_12: when we come to the more important chaters about jesips we meet with gueatter difficulties

file: 116-288048-0005.flac
expected: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_2: whys alase on o fridy that the cousfiies cominmerated the weaking wich tha day acurs varcem oure te eare
	layer_4: whea s allbays on up friday that the cruseficties comimerated the weakion which the day accurs vericem goure teyeare
	layer_6: whl is always on a friday that the grusefictieas commimorated the weken which the day accurs verisfrm year to year
	layer_8: whle is always on a friday that the crusfctin is commimorated the weak in which the day occurrs verisfro yere to year
	layer_10: while is always on a friday that the grusifictin is commemorated the weak in which the day occurs varios from yeare to year
	layer_12: while it is always on a friday that the grusfictin is commemorated the weak in which the day occurs varis from year to year

file: 116-288048-0006.flac
expected: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon allows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun in the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_2: gid fridy fals not befor thispre ecgrennoks but as sin afor thispren ikqlenos as the fl monlls thus making tha caculationto dopin tapon th poition of the sine n thisoldia and the faes of hemon
	layer_4: good fraday fll's not before thespring eguenoxs but as so af r thi sprin equan ocs as the ful mon lous thus making the coaculation to epain up on the position of the sine n hesoliac and the faes of the mon
	layer_6: good frida falls not before thespringequenoxs but as soon afftrthe spring equenox as the full moon louse thus making the caculation to depain up on the position of the suon n thezotiec and the fazs of the moon
	layer_8: good friday fals not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the caculation to depend upon the position of the sun nd the zodi and the pazes of the moon
	layer_10: good friday falls not before the spring iquinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiec and the pases of the moon
	layer_12: good friday falls not before the spring iquinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiec and the pases of the moon

file: 116-288048-0007.flac
expected: the pagan oestera has become the christian easter
	layer_2: the akin o ster has we come te cristoneaster
	layer_4: the paken o steria has become tecristian easter
	layer_6: the pacen ostiria has become tacristian easter
	layer_8: the pacan ousteria has become a christian ester
	layer_10: the pacan austeria has become a christian easter
	layer_12: the pacan austeria has become a christian easter

file: 116-288048-0008.flac
expected: but in the absence of evidence origin offers the following metaphysical arguments against the sceptical celsus one
	layer_2: but in thy aptonsof evties ordin ofers a falyi metf his wl argimgents agicis gepticl selses on
	layer_4: but inly aptin s of evtencs ordgin offers af follyn metif ins hol argumets agincis cepticalselses one
	layer_6: but in the aptiencs of evidence orgint offers of folly in medfinsho arguments aginsis ceptical celses one
	layer_8: but in the absance of evidence organt offers of follying medephicical arguments againstes keptical selses one
	layer_10: but in the absence of evidence origin offers to following mediphisical arguments against thiceptical seses one
	layer_12: but in the absence of evidence origin offers tha following mediphisical arguments against hiceptical selses one

file: 116-288048-0009.flac
expected: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mythus of jesus
	layer_2: ief we arton have inin othallagat l he seiegeto aru why a jec to ading tuit the mirsonjeses
	layer_4: if we ar to have eanyg metholoaget ll he seems to ar u hy abjec to ating toit the mis of jeses
	layer_6: if we are to have any methologit all he seems to aurgue why objec to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_8: if we are to have any metholog at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_10: if we are to have any mathology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_12: if we are to have any mathology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus

file: 116-288048-0010.flac
expected: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_2: th e mitit companinds ofgees uppear to be on mether hand as mittigols he is indselfe
	layer_4: the amidit companins of jeases apper to be on mether hand as miftigles he is imself
	layer_6: the emmedit companions of jesus appeare to be on theother hand as mithtglas he is himself
	layer_8: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mitigl as he is himself
	layer_10: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mithical as he is himself
	layer_12: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mithical as he is himself

file: 116-288048-0011.flac
expected: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_2: ho was ma you o was mar
	layer_4: who was ma you who was mar
	layer_6: who was mathe who was mark
	layer_8: who was mathew who was mark
	layer_10: who was mathew who was mark
	layer_12: who was maphew who was mark

file: 116-288048-0012.flac
expected: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_2: ho wer jone peter jutis and meary
	layer_4: who were jon peter judius and mery
	layer_6: who were jon peter jutucs and marry
	layer_8: who were john peter judus and marry
	layer_10: who were john peter judis and merry
	layer_12: who were john peter judis and marry

file: 116-288048-0013.flac
expected: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_2: ther is atitly no evinin tha thy ev registet
	layer_4: there is aptutly no evinens that they ever existet
	layer_6: there is abtately no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_8: there is abstately no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_10: there is abstoutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_12: there is absoutely no evidence that they ever existed

file: 116-288048-0014.flac
expected: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_2: if pedere evere wanctho ro withe hiw doccron hous at that nol hi stori in has takinnot of him
	layer_4: if peeter ever went to ron with an now docron howse at that now hi stori an has takea not ofe him
	layer_6: if peter ever went to rone withthe new doccron howse it that no historian has take en note of him
	layer_8: if peter ever went to rone with the new docrin how is it that no historian has take note of him
	layer_10: if peter ever went to rome with te new docctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_12: if peter ever went to rome with te new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him

file: 116-288048-0015.flac
expected: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_2: heragin le she thup presansof  mih
	layer_4: he eregan we see te presencs of a mish
	layer_6: her agin we see the presence of a mith
	layer_8: here again we se the presence of a mith
	layer_10: here again we see the presence of a mith
	layer_12: here again we see the presence of a mith

file: 116-288048-0016.flac
expected: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_2: hem was the oig a h sauthem
	layer_4: he was the aoli hone ho sathem
	layer_6: he was the only one whos saw them
	layer_8: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_10: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_12: he was the only one who saw them

file: 116-288048-0017.flac
expected: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_2: peder pl jone james juis a hepythe stage on os iscusifly
	layer_4: teter pal jon james jutius a khe pothe stage omls excusively
	layer_6: peer pall jon james jutice ockep a the stage almos exclusively
	layer_8: peter pau john james jutis occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_10: peter paul john james judis occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_12: peter paul john james judic occupy the stage almost exclusively

file: 116-288048-0018.flac
expected: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_2: it is impasle toxplain wythecontimprearieds of geases the allthers inte hi stor in sof thi is time yenot takt noteis of him
	layer_4: it is impossewl to oxplain whi the conthimprarieds of jeases the althers an the his storian s of thiis time ou not take notes of him
	layer_6: it is impossle to explain why ther contimprarids of jesus the authors ind the historianceoff thse time you not take notice of him
	layer_8: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historiance of thse time do not take notice of him
	layer_10: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of ths time do not take notice of him
	layer_12: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of this time do not take notice of him

file: 116-288048-0019.flac
expected: could they have been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_2: four the had bin a conspearce aginstim
	layer_4: four they had beeinim a conspear sy ainsthim
	layer_6: for they had bein in a conspircy against him
	layer_8: for they had been in a conspercy against him
	layer_10: for they had been in a conspiricy against him
	layer_12: for they had been in a conspiricy against him

file: 116-288048-0020.flac
expected: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_2: holwasas hise i men im a sine bicolld for
	layer_4: how usas hiis eo manin asincet bicalidfor
	layer_6: how us as hiis emanim asolencet b accounant for
	layer_8: how else is htis emanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_10: how else is his umnanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_12: how else is hiis unanimous silence to be accounted for

file: 116-288048-0021.flac
expected: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_2: how vhein a wie tod dosid whichethe on nomros cinidts ford thefine one shoul be gimin arbots
	layer_4: how thend are we to desiede which a ther unewmeros caend ts for tevind oneor should be gim in aur voes
	layer_6: how thend are we to descide which other anumerous cennidites for devine honor should be givin our voates
	layer_8: how then are we to decide which ther anumerous kennadits for divine honors should be givin our votes
	layer_10: how then are we to decide which thei inumerous kennedits for divine honours should be given our votes
	layer_12: how then are we to decide which thei inumerous kennedits for divine honors should be given our votes

file: 116-288048-0022.flac
expected: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell fire hereafter
	layer_2: and such af fave is ne ere free i is allwyse man tame botheh sord nmow andbi hel far her aften
	layer_4: and such a faite is never free et is always main tame bt ha sord nmow and by helf far here aftern
	layer_6: and such af fath is never free it is always main tame but a sword now and by hel far here after
	layer_8: and such a faith is never free it is always maintaind but a sword now and by heal far here after
	layer_10: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but a sword now and by helthfar hereafter
	layer_12: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but he sword now and by healthfar hereafter

file: 116-288048-0023.flac
expected: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jesus mouth
	layer_2: yit them moset impasl etternc es er plting his mouth
	layer_4: yet the most im possele utternc es ir poutingu his mouth
	layer_6: yet the most impossul utterences are putein jou us mouth
	layer_8: yet the most impossiful utteraces are puttin u tois mouth
	layer_10: yet the most impossible utterances are puttin gudus mouth
	layer_12: yet the most impossible utterances are puttin jeudis mouth

file: 116-288048-0024.flac
expected: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the universe to courtiers who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_2: onl himmitthi calgedus cond vrtialy hand ovi the gomalevers to courrs wo ha putations to pressipon his hatention
	layer_4: onl iammithicalgjedos couldvertualy hand ove the gorm atlevers to corders ho have patations to press upon his atention
	layer_6: only amihtical gjedus couldvertually hand over the goem afl evers to corders who have petations to pressupon his attention
	layer_8: only a mytical jedus could vertually hand over the goermof levers to corters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_10: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the govermntof levers to quarters who have potitions to press upon his attention
	layer_12: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the govermntof levers to quarters who have potitions to press upon his attention

file: 116-288048-0025.flac
expected: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_2: mor ver ef detus colcep his pommus there woald beto day no miser in the world no orfens no ch il tes mothers no shipprieks no flas no famns not ies no cripld children no n say no wors no cime no rom
	layer_4: more over ive jetus could keepe his promus there would be to day no misory in the world no orfens no ch iled dus mothers no shiprecs no flads no famens no iseas no criple children now an sndy no wars no crime no ronm
	layer_6: moreover ifve jucus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no child us mothers no shiprex no floods no famons no t isease no cripled children no incenity no wars no crime no rong
	layer_8: moreover if jusus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shiprecks no floods no famons no diszease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_10: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famins no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_12: moreover if jusus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famins no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong

file: 116-288048-0026.flac
expected: have these prayers been answered
	layer_2: hav hes prars ben ancered
	layer_4: have hes crars ben ansered
	layer_6: have his prar as been answered
	layer_8: have hese prayer as been answered
	layer_10: have hes prayers been answered
	layer_12: have thes prayers been answered

file: 116-288048-0027.flac
expected: how many self deluded prophets these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_2: hamnye selftoler proetcs thes extraving a claims ev perduset
	layer_4: how y self tolua profetce these extraving at claimes heve produst
	layer_6: how ameself to luted profitce these extravingat clams have produced
	layer_8: how any self delude profits these extravigat claims have produced
	layer_10: how many self deluded prophits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_12: how many self deluded prophits these extravagant claims have produced

file: 116-288048-0028.flac
expected: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_2: and whokon numwer the biergec upainte eits cas byichinposel prommicese
	layer_4: and who con number the bter gus oplaitemets coase by sich in posspbal prommices
	layer_6: and who cannumber the btergus oppointments cause by such in possbl promises
	layer_8: and who can number the bittergdis appointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_10: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_12: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises

file: 116-288048-0029.flac
expected: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_2: the sang which upracues of to day giv hepared his ans with many wardce anat link said tho the pomesse wasd retaing whit the prvision tat wialwe astd fr would begimen ivfe go fht for argord
	layer_4: the sang which up preatures of to day givf he paried his anse with many words ind at link said hat the promoe was we taking with theo provision that wil we ast fore would begiven eive got thouet for a good
	layer_6: the saing which hap practures of to daye give he paried his ans with many words and at lenk said that the promie was retaken with the provision that wil we asked for would be given if got thogh it for our good
	layer_8: the sang which apreacheres of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at lengt said that the promise was betakeng with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_10: the saing which appreachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_12: the sang which apreachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good

file: 116-288048-0030.flac
expected: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_2: rt he said if he asetln a my nm i wll doit and if it wren ot so i wut heave togou
	layer_4: but he said if he askenttyg an my name i will do it and if it we not so i would have told you
	layer_6: ut he said if you ask inlyg in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_8: but he said if you ask anttyg in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_10: but he said if you ask ainly in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_12: but he said if you ask aitly in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you

file: 116-288048-0031.flac
expected: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_2: tet he not men jus wa he seaid
	layer_4: that he not men jus whet he said
	layer_6: dhit he not men just what he said
	layer_8: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_10: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_12: did he not mean just what he said

file: 116-288048-0032.flac
expected: self effort and not prayer is the remedy against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_2: selvf effert and not prar is a rimy igins inencs slavery poverty and mod decgrdation
	layer_4: self effert and not prare is a remiytagins eignorence slavery poverty an mol degridation
	layer_6: self effort and not prair is a rimedt against ignerence slavery poverty and morl decridation
	layer_8: self effort and not prayere is aremied against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degredation
	layer_10: self effort and not prayer is a remied against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_12: self effort and not prayer is a remide against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation

file: 116-288046-0000.flac
expected: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_2: tbut i andbetherma not aliygei no if it his posibl the hol tro tha but eses but asrd o comenncate that tro fuathers
	layer_4: but i amd beterma not aolinge i kno if it his possible the ho trueth about jeses but alsoe to comunicate that trouow touothers
	layer_6: but i am be termi not only go know if it is possible the hoe truth about jeses but also to communicate that true thou others
	layer_8: but i am etermine not only to know if it is possible the whoe truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth thouh others
	layer_10: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that trut throuh others
	layer_12: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth throuh others

file: 116-288046-0001.flac
expected: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_2: but ther s mor of a morl toniconthe open ancanid discustion of a subedot lie the onein hand thenn the mote twd auplilites
	layer_4: but there is mor of a morl tonic n the open ancane discussion of a subdeth likethe one in hand then in the multetote oplatiteds
	layer_6: but there is more of a moral tonic an the open andcanta discussion of a subjesh like the one and hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_8: but there is more of a moraltonic and the open and cana discussion of a subjech like the one in hand than in hi multitude of platitudes
	layer_10: but there is more of a moral tonic ind the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_12: but there is more of a moral tonic ind the open and canded discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes

file: 116-288046-0002.flac
expected: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_2: i nevere alivera letur in which adho not g ha d rakelyt ore indrecly yif foon fraespretion to my faf ind everething thes worli offe
	layer_4: i never deliver a lecture in which dow not getha dreakely or indereckly gife foon frekxpreation to my fafe in everything thes worly atafe
	layer_6: i never deliver alecture in which i do not geit a dreckly or inderecly giv fuland fre expression to my fafe in every thing thas worlyef fathe
	layer_8: i never deliver alecture in which i do not geittet direcktly or indirectly give full and fre expression to my faith an everything that is worly of faith
	layer_10: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not geit et directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_12: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not geit it directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith

file: 116-288046-0003.flac
expected: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_2: if at in notbllinv an dogmar is woe ces iblyavan freidom
	layer_4: if it o not beleven dogme is becaus i bleven fretom
	layer_6: if idov not believe en dogma is because i blieve in fredom
	layer_8: if i do not believe in dogma is because i belie in freedom
	layer_10: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_12: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom

file: 116-288046-0004.flac
expected: oh he tears down but does not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_2: o he tars down bo hes not bledut is an other creses n ha ut my werk it is not tro
	layer_4: o he tars dow bot hes not bl d oup is an oter crisses n o but my work it is not troe
	layer_6: oh he tairs down but hes not billed up is another chrissism about my work it is not true
	layer_8: oh he tars down but he's not build up is another chricism about my work it is not true
	layer_10: oh he tears down but he 's not build up is another chriicism about my work it is not true
	layer_12: oh he tears down but he's not build up is another chriicism about my work it is not true

file: 116-288046-0005.flac
expected: no preacher or priest is more constructive
	layer_2: no prathur apreat es moarcon structi
	layer_4: not prature appreat is mor konstructive
	layer_6: no prature ap pret is more constructive
	layer_8: no prachur ap preech is more constructive
	layer_10: no pracher apprech is more constructive
	layer_12: no preacher apprech is more constructive

file: 116-288046-0006.flac
expected: clapping truth into jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_2: clastin trthan jail gagin the mouf of the stunt is ade billdi nupertarin downm
	layer_4: clastein truth n jal gagin the mou fof the stoont is at builldyn u rtaring down
	layer_6: clastrig truth n a jail gagin the mouth of the stunt is that building up ortaring down
	layer_8: clastrig truth na jail gagging the mouth of the stuent is that building up or taring down
	layer_10: clastering truth and a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_12: clastering truth and a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down

file: 116-288046-0007.flac
expected: when bruno lighted a new torch to increase the light of the world what was his reward the stake
	layer_2: whenbrena lid a no tarce t an creace o ly of the world walt lwas his fwo ord the stak
	layer_4: when brinal lid a new trch ho ancreeacet a li of the world whit as is fe word the stake
	layer_6: when brinnel lighe a new tortch to encreeased ta lie of the world what was is fewoard the stake
	layer_8: when brinnal lighed a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his erword the stake
	layer_10: when brinnoal lighed a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his erord the stake
	layer_12: when brinnol lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his erord the stake

file: 116-288046-0008.flac
expected: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_2: coutyoar rigtes pltigl religus sotil intoletiul andtolny which eof thimn was caokred for buthe preast
	layer_4: cout yourrigtes pltcl religes sosiual antolectiual an telnmy which of thim was cokred for you bu the prest
	layer_6: count your rites polticl religious social intelectal in tel mey which of them was concared for you by the prieast
	layer_8: count your rightes political religious social intellectual and tel me which of them was conqered for you by the priest
	layer_10: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conqured for you by the priest
	layer_12: count your rightes political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conqered for you by the priest

file: 116-288046-0009.flac
expected: i wish to tell you something
	layer_2: al wichitellou somethin
	layer_4: a wich a telyou somethin
	layer_6: i wicshto tel you something
	layer_8: i wish to tel you something
	layer_10: i wish to tel you something
	layer_12: i wish to tell you something

file: 116-288046-0010.flac
expected: but first let us be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_2: be firs tllest beimpersnal be ipatits erreverent lassoer aiust and infidil oe flong at a man not frompity befrom inbey
	layer_4: the firs l es be impersonal tbe apethits erreverent glastfomer aiest and infidel ar flung at a man not frompity be from invy
	layer_6: the first less be impersonal the ipethits ir reverent blasfomer aihthiest and infidel are flung an a man not from pity bet from invi
	layer_8: the first less beimpersonal the ipathites ir reverent blasfumer aigthiest and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from inv
	layer_10: the first les be impersonal the ipathets irreverent blaspemer aithiest and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_12: the first les be impersonal the ipathets irreverent blaspomer aithiest and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy

file: 116-288046-0011.flac
expected: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wetting the open page before him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_2: nont havein te cera gor the indistry of ar neaber who wors lk of bis e be in the world o minin bos sercing withe swet of his brou forthe reild bret of life whey i me openpagofor him with his tears pusient the we owers the night his quest an mad bath a farset iof al los the let of troteh wet ese ar own indelat conchencs ba cin him nams
	layer_4: not havingt e curiage or the indistry of ar nabor who works like of busy be in the world o minien books serthing with ha swet of his brou for the real bred of life whe in e open page offorhim withis ters pusi onto the we ouers fthe night his quest and matad but ha farist of all loves the leve of truoth we ease aure own indeleat conchence by caline him names
	layer_6: not havig he curadge or the indestry of our neghbour who works like a busy be in the world of min an books serching with ha swed of his brow for the real bread of life when in the open page a ford him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest and maded but ha fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease oure own indilent concience fby callin him names
	layer_8: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of min and books searching with he sweat of his brow for the real bread of life when in the open page afore him with his tears pushing into the wee hours f the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_10: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy be in the world of men an books searching with he sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whenhin the open page afford him with his tears pushing into the wea hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_12: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy be in the world of men an books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whenh in the open page afford him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names

file: 116-288045-0000.flac
expected: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups wending their way hither and thither
	layer_2: as a profh te sit a herd belsdminging and le later i hon the streat eto ster with th rongs of wldreus pepl ind famnly grps whindi ti way hitherin tither
	layer_4: as i a prose to sity i heard bells ringing and loa later i town the streetest a stur with throngs of welldrest people in fanly groops whinding their way hither in dither
	layer_6: as i approse to city i heard bells ringing and alie later i foun the streets a stur with throngs of welldress people in famly groops winding their way hither in tither
	layer_8: as i approaced the city i heard hebells wringing and a lil later i found the streets a stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither an thither
	layer_10: as i approached the city i heard the bells ringing and a litle later i found the streets a stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_12: as i approached the city i heard the bells ringing and a litle later i found the streets a stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither

file: 116-288045-0001.flac
expected: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_2: lookin ha bot m i saudgentmint in net black dress smilim and his han extinento mew uf grat qur lity
	layer_4: looking about me i saugentment in anet black dres smilim and his han extininto me with great qurgiality
	layer_6: looking about me i saw gentlement in a neet black dress smilimg and his hand extened to me with great courigiality
	layer_8: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neap black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great corigiality
	layer_10: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_12: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality

file: 116-288045-0002.flac
expected: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_2: hen must of relas tow hie strangur and whichtu tiner his hosbetely tiomy  ke seiped a grafuly i clasp res hand heprest min
	layer_4: he must of rilasedou s e stranger and whish yru tinder his hos bataly to me i exceped at greafully i clase his hand he prest mime
	layer_6: he must have rilasd i was a stranger and wisht youtinder his hospatality to me i acceptid it gratfully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_8: he must have realized i was a stranger and wishd you tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_10: he must have realized i was a stranger and wishd tou tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_12: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished tou tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine

file: 116-288045-0003.flac
expected: we gazed for a moment silently into each other's eyes
	layer_2: we gased formo ma s lt lintoe do thersce
	layer_4: we gaed for  momets lighteleainto e eo ther'seise
	layer_6: we gaed for a momets lightly into eaegeother's eyes
	layer_8: we gazed for a moments lightly into each other's eyes
	layer_10: we gazed for a moment lightly into each other's eyes
	layer_12: we gazed for a moment lightly into each other's eyes

file: 116-288045-0004.flac
expected: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_2: of caur sho aregoin their to is sid t e my fremly gide
	layer_4: of cours you re goin their to i sid my frimly gied
	layer_6: of course you are going their to i said to my frenly gid
	layer_8: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_10: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_12: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide

file: 116-288045-0005.flac
expected: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_2: yes hansered i con oke the worsio im apreeased
	layer_4: yes he answered i connook the worshio i am apprest
	layer_6: yes he answered i cannuok the worshop i am appriest
	layer_8: yes he answered i connuct the worship i am a priest
	layer_10: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_12: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest

file: 116-288045-0006.flac
expected: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_2: an idl i wis red takgiu bessupprise
	layer_4: and igdl i wis red tagkin bessupprise
	layer_6: an idale i wiserd taken bessurprise
	layer_8: an idole i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_10: an idl i whispered takeng by surprise
	layer_12: an idl i whispered taken by surprise

file: 116-288045-0007.flac
expected: they worshipped gods that did not exist
	layer_2: they wrth o grd thadi notexist
	layer_4: they woreshae gode tha id not exist
	layer_6: they wereshof god that did not exist
	layer_8: they worshipe god that did not exist
	layer_10: they worshiped god that did not exist
	layer_12: they worshiped god that did not exist

file: 116-288045-0008.flac
expected: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamoring in my breast
	layer_2: but thegreax love their gits approtisted my har clama y brest
	layer_4: bhut the grieks leove their godes oprotisted my hear clam ran my brest
	layer_6: but the greeks love their gods ipprotested my hart clamra my breast
	layer_8: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamrind my breast
	layer_10: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamber in my breast
	layer_12: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clambr in my breast

file: 116-288045-0009.flac
expected: no i said in a low voice
	layer_2: no y said in alo oice
	layer_4: no i said in aloevoice
	layer_6: no i said in a lo voice
	layer_8: no i said in a low voice
	layer_10: no i said in a low voice
	layer_12: no i said in a low voice

file: 116-288045-0010.flac
expected: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_2: he was an itl him and notta god
	layer_4: he was ant idl thin and not ar god
	layer_6: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_8: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_10: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_12: he was an idle then and not a god

file: 116-288045-0011.flac
expected: it made athens a city of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_2: i mait at ans e sey ofe ligt iecra the befl the tr the grd yes aligin wasdeof ine
	layer_4: im mate athin o s of light it cratd the beful the tru the god yes arerlidgen wasd ifv ine
	layer_6: it made athen o cee of light it created the beauful the true the good yes ore religion was divine
	layer_8: it made athens a see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes oureligion was divine
	layer_10: it made athens o see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_12: it made athens ta se of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine

file: 116-288045-0012.flac
expected: it had only one fault interrupted my guide what was that
	layer_2: thet had oly on falt in trot mygid whit was that
	layer_4: thet had only one falt an troke my gied whit was that
	layer_6: that had only one faulgt antroped o my gid what was that
	layer_8: thati had only one fault and troked  my guide what was that
	layer_10: thati had only one fault introked my guide what was that
	layer_12: that i had only one fault introked my guide what was that

file: 116-288045-0013.flac
expected: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_2: in quired bwithout knoine whethis ancs wald be it was notr
	layer_4: i andquired bwithout nowin whit his anserwould be it was not troo
	layer_6: i anquired without knowin what his answrwould be it was not tru
	layer_8: i inquired without knowing what his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_10: i inquired without knowing what his answer ould be it was not true
	layer_12: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true

file: 116-288045-0014.flac
expected: produce him
	layer_2: prds him
	layer_4: prd shim
	layer_6: produce him
	layer_8: produce him
	layer_10: produce him
	layer_12: produce him

file: 116-288045-0015.flac
expected: i whispered to myself what blasphemy
	layer_2: i with hu tomy self what blasomy
	layer_4: i which woe to myself what blast for me
	layer_6: i wichwoeto myself what blass for me
	layer_8: i wish he to myself what blas for me
	layer_10: i wish ou to myself what blast for me
	layer_12: i wish ou to myself what blasst for me

file: 116-288045-0016.flac
expected: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_2: thin taken hart i tald my gide ho wort iand once i ad fult o palo rati appresinds id my hart and holldt him of the im wodtl linds of hoer consen hied vint apollow
	layer_4: then takin hart i told my gied howe more than once i had felt upollows rady at presence ind my heart and hold him of the im mordtl linds of homer conserne te o in apollow
	layer_6: then taking heart i told my guid how more than once i had felt a polow's radig at presence in my heart and hold him of the immordale linds of homer concerind the divine a pollow
	layer_8: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apolow's radig at presence in my heart and hold him of the immortal lines of homeer concerned the divine apollo
	layer_10: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apolow's radin at presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer conceried the divine apollo
	layer_12: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollow's radin at presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerieg the divine apollo

file: 116-288045-0017.flac
expected: do you doubt homer
	layer_2: te dout hoe
	layer_4: de you dout homer
	layer_6: do you dout homa
	layer_8: do you doubt homa
	layer_10: do you doubt home
	layer_12: do you doubt home

file: 116-288045-0018.flac
expected: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_2: i sido him ho mer the in spird bard
	layer_4: i sai o him homer the in spired bard
	layer_6: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_8: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_10: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_12: i said to him homer the inspired bard

file: 116-288045-0019.flac
expected: no no apollo is not an idol
	layer_2: now now a paolwas mot anitl
	layer_4: no now a pallo was mot an idle
	layer_6: no no a pollo was not an idle
	layer_8: no no apalla is not an itle
	layer_10: no no apalla is not an idle
	layer_12: no no apalla is not an idle

file: 116-288045-0020.flac
expected: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_2: he has he godt and ha sen overa gaod
	layer_4: he his a god and has son of agod
	layer_6: he is a god and he sun of a god
	layer_8: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_10: he as a god and the son of a god
	layer_12: he his a god and the son of a god

file: 116-288045-0021.flac
expected: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_2: the er was havy wiath insince an nembrov minin corgees lessmence woer pasing to en fro bowwin innealing wefor the  veriouslits in imiges
	layer_4: the are was heavy with incence an numberovf manan corgees vessmence were passing to in fro bow an annealing befor the veriousulietes an images
	layer_6: the air was heavy with insence a number of men an corgees vestments were passing to nfro bow an anneling before the verious ligets and images
	layer_8: the air was heavy with insance a number of men an gorgios vestments were passing to and fro bow and and knealing before the various lights and images
	layer_10: the air was heavy with incance a number of men an gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowingd and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_12: the air was heavy with incance a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images

file: 116-288045-0022.flac
expected: observing my anxiety to understand the meaning of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful savior jesus the son of god
	layer_2: aevin maingsato uner stan the me thef lal this my gih toot m as site and ana wis ore told me oth a pep wer sillgrin anoversery o the birte hother e tifulsaour jeases the sn of got
	layer_4: ubsevering myingsih to uner stain the men oflal this my gi tout nmeas side and ina wisper tolld met at e pepe ore sillobrinte an oversry of the birtthey other e tiful sayur jeases the son of god
	layer_6: obseveriyng my ingxi to understand the mean of all this my gui took me asside and in a whistper told me tat a pep were sillobra in the eniversry of the birt they other wratiful saviour jesus the son of god
	layer_8: observring my anxxie to understan the mean of all this my guiy took me aside and in a whisper told me that he peopl were cilebratyin the enniversry of the birt the other weautiful saviour jesus the son of god
	layer_10: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that he people were cilebratin the anniversary of the birth they other beautiful saviour jesus the son of god
	layer_12: observing my anxietey to understand the mean of all this my guyde took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were cilebrating the anniversery of the birth the other beautiful saviour jesus the son of god

file: 116-288045-0023.flac
expected: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severity in his voice
	layer_2: forgalt uppalow he said with hi thi jetion of suvari tim his voice
	layer_4: forgut upolow he said with his is jestion of sevvarityn his voice
	layer_6: forget apolo he said with his isgestion of suveriting his voice
	layer_8: forget apollo he said with ha egetion of severiting his voice
	layer_10: forget apallo he said with a deggestion of severiting his voice
	layer_12: forgetapallo he said with a seggestion of severiting his voice

file: 116-288045-0024.flac
expected: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_2: ther is no sich prson he was only an igtl
	layer_4: there is now such person he was only an idl
	layer_6: there ias no such person he was only an idale
	layer_8: there ias no such person he was only an idle
	layer_10: there ais no such person he was only an idle
	layer_12: there ais no such person he was only an idle

file: 116-288045-0025.flac
expected: if you were to search for apollo in all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_2: if he wuthas serth for pollow at all the nverse would never fin on andcerentw his namwed iscribption
	layer_4: if ho woul as serch for apolowent all the unvers ho would never fine  ont andseren to his naym wored i scribption
	layer_6: if houwold as serch for a poloent all the univere heu would never find y one anserig to his nai wor description
	layer_8: if o wuld asearch for a poloent all the universe you would never find y one answering to his name or description
	layer_10: if yo wold a search for apalloin all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_12: if yo would a search for apalloin all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description

file: 116-288045-0026.flac
expected: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_2: iwtishegeses i hason taren toard him
	layer_4: i' won tishe geses i hast in turnin tord him
	layer_6: i wonto see jesus i haston turning toward him
	layer_8: i want to see jesus i hastene turning toward him
	layer_10: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_12: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him

file: 116-288045-0027.flac
expected: will he not be here this morning
	layer_2: whill he not be haretismornin
	layer_4: wil he not be heare tismorning
	layer_6: will he not be here dismorning
	layer_8: will he not be here this morning
	layer_10: will he not be here this morning
	layer_12: will he not be here this morning

file: 116-288045-0028.flac
expected: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_2: wehe not smee tow has worshupers i astigin
	layer_4: w he not speek to his woreshupers i ast aginm
	layer_6: wie he not speek to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_8: wil he not speak to his worshipers i asked again
	layer_10: wil he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_12: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again

file: 116-288045-0029.flac
expected: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhale the ambrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_2: wil he noperom mitt into tution to cureschis hand to qlas whas dofvind fet to hen hel the im brogale fragrencs of his breth to baskcom t a godin lidof his ise to heltha usa kof his i makchul at eence
	layer_4: wi he not per mithintre tut him to cores his hand to class was d of mind feet to an hell the em broual fragrentce of his breth to bask on t a gold in lide of his es to herte musicof his i macul t excence
	layer_6: wi he not permithinteo tuch him to coress his hand to class has divined feet to anhell the imbrosual fragrence of his breath to bask in the golden lighte of his eyes to herethe music of his maculat accence
	layer_8: will he not permithen to touch him to carress his hand to class his divine feet to inhel the imbroseal fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accente
	layer_10: will he not permit them to touch him to carress his hand to class his divine feat to inhel the umbrosal fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his imaculate accents
	layer_12: will he not permit them to touch him to carress his hand to class his divine feat to inhell the umbrosal fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his imaculate accents

file: 116-288045-0030.flac
expected: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_2: ast my is fl with ondgern myve waise piringithex simeet
	layer_4: i ast my ise fl with oneder ind my ewoiyce quivryn with exciment
	layer_6: i asked my eyes fel with wonder in my voice quivery with excitement
	layer_8: i asked my eyes feell with wonder in my voice quivere ith excitement
	layer_10: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quiverng with excitement
	layer_12: i asked my eyes fil with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement

file: 116-288045-0031.flac
expected: would not that then i ventured to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_2: wold not that thin i vinche do as inpatiatly mat hesuss as much ov an idlas upolo
	layer_4: would not that then i vinch to ask inpatintly make esis as much of an idele as uppollo
	layer_6: would not that then i venced to ask impaiently make desis as much of an idale is a pollow
	layer_8: would not that then i vencued to ask impatiently make jesis as much of an idle as apollo
	layer_10: would not that then i ventue to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idle as apollo
	layer_12: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idle as apollo

file: 116-288045-0032.flac
expected: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_2: and i fath atg esisis tha gid prosom a grd whllr not fahin opollo makinwagot
	layer_4: and if fat at esisis a g id proseim a god whil il not fae in upolow maein la god
	layer_6: and if faith hat esis is a god pruse hm a god while will not fath in a polow make him a god
	layer_8: and if faiththat jesus is a god pros hm a god whil will not faith in apollow make him a god
	layer_10: and if faith it jesus is a god proves him a god wine will not faith in apollow make him a god
	layer_12: and if faith at jesus is a god proves him a god whine will not faith in apollow make him a god

file: 116-288047-0000.flac
expected: a myth is a fanciful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_2: han mae is affancew ec wenationaof a gaven foo omenon
	layer_4: hamet his affance we ex wenation of agiven farnamonon
	layer_6: a mith his af fancwure exenation of a given frnormanon
	layer_8: ha mith is a fancel explanation of a given penomenon
	layer_10: amith is a fancul explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_12: amith is a fancful explanation of a given phenomenon

file: 116-288047-0001.flac
expected: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an inborn desire to know
	layer_2: the min crae fr nolliege the chawed as quesstions whe causoeni bornyg desar ton n
	layer_4: the mincrace fre nolage the challed as quesstions ecus ofen im borning desargano
	layer_6: the mine crace for nowledge the chilld as questions because o an imborning desire to know
	layer_8: the mind crase for knowledge the child ased questions because o an imbourning desir to know
	layer_10: the mind crase for knowledge the child asked questions because o an imborning desire to know
	layer_12: the mind crase for knowledge the child asked questions because o an imborning desire to know

file: 116-288047-0002.flac
expected: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_2: nouen me in thecincos in of the snapity gother
	layer_4: nowen tmhe in they kaim clos in of the snappitye jother
	layer_6: now in tmen they came closingof to sfapaty j other
	layer_8: now and then they came closengouh to stapp at eace other
	layer_10: now and thn they came clos enough to snap at each other
	layer_12: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other

file: 116-288047-0003.flac
expected: with this mythus the primitive man was satisfied until his developing intelligence realized its inadequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_2: wih is mitlse the prom to mand was stas fitd and hir has dovellpin itieligins reulas is s i naliqwassy si ate was borne o that red lasation
	layer_4: with thist mithouse the prome too mand was thaise fide and hi has develloping intelligencs realas its inaniquisy si ents was born of that relasation
	layer_6: with this mithose the promed to man was tatisfied und hi has developing intelligence realaus its inaniquacy sience was born of that reliation
	layer_8: with this mithos the prome to man was satisfied und who has developing intelligence realize its inanquacy science was borne of that realization
	layer_10: with this mithos the prom to man was satisfied unti his developing intelligence realized its inaniquacy science was borne of that realization
	layer_12: with this mithos the proam to man was satisfied unti his developing intelligence realized its inaniquacy science was borne of that realization

file: 116-288047-0004.flac
expected: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindoos
	layer_2: the merehof a one i pepl livien a m india has in replaeba achur ieffermatiingc on srhin te hindes
	layer_4: the mirth of a one id people livenan india has in replace be accur inffrmatin con serin the hindes
	layer_6: the mith of a one id people living in india has en replace by accur infermation concerin the hindes
	layer_8: the mith of a one id people living in india has ien replaced by accur information concering the hindes
	layer_10: the mith of a one ied people living in india has ben replaced by accure information concerning the hindes
	layer_12: the mith of a one ied people living in india has ben replaced by accurae information concerning the hindes

file: 116-288047-0005.flac
expected: and this is precisely the use to which myths have been put
	layer_2: and misis rsisei the ee towhich mirs iv lnn prt
	layer_4: and mises prciceid the yuse to which mers hiv en n pot
	layer_6: and missus prociceo thet use to which meirs hivennput
	layer_8: and missus procisee the use to which mers have put
	layer_10: and missus precisely the use to which mirs had ben put
	layer_12: and missus precisely the use to which mirs had been put

file: 116-288047-0006.flac
expected: is jesus a myth
	layer_2: is d hisome
	layer_4: his you his som e
	layer_6: is dois somme
	layer_8: is juissie
	layer_10: is jeuime
	layer_12: is juusime

file: 116-288047-0007.flac
expected: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_2: there is and man a facalty frfiction
	layer_4: there isan man afaclty for fiction
	layer_6: there is in man af faculty for fiction
	layer_8: there is an man af faculty for fiction
	layer_10: there is a man o faculty for fixion
	layer_12: there is an' man of faculty for fixion

file: 116-288047-0008.flac
expected: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_2: i hinse les sn a gesens
	layer_4: ifing se les an at gesses
	layer_6: if fhinks lest and at guesses
	layer_8: it thinks less ta it guesses
	layer_10: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_12: it thinks less than it guesses

file: 116-288047-0009.flac
expected: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its restless spirit
	layer_2: it is refletion which anteruces a be into he mouthof amageination car n ents pace and subdoin its wrelit le spert
	layer_4: it is reflection which enterduces a be into he mout h of amagination curbin ints pace and subdoin its wrelnt les spirit
	layer_6: it is reflection which introuces a be into the mouth of amagination curbing its pace and subduing its relintless spirit
	layer_8: it is reflection which introduces abi into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relintless spirit
	layer_10: it is reflection which introduces abi into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_12: it is reflection which introduces abiinto the mouth of imagination curving its pace and subduing its relentless spirit

file: 116-288047-0010.flac
expected: we fill the space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings
	layer_2: we ul the space aboun ooreus o spearts faries gdts and other in visigone ary bens
	layer_4: we fel the space aboun overuss we spearits faries gods an other in tisibon ary bens
	layer_6: we fel a space about an over us wis spirits fairies gods and other in visiblen ary bans
	layer_8: we feld a space about an over us wit spirits fairies gods and other invisible en arybeans
	layer_10: we feel a space about and over us wit spirits fairies gods and other invisible n arybeams
	layer_12: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible in arybeans

file: 116-288047-0011.flac
expected: we covet the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_2: be cevet the rain bow we re choup or a mon
	layer_4: be covet the rame bo we reach out for the mon
	layer_6: we cove at the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_8: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_10: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_12: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon

file: 116-288047-0012.flac
expected: our feet do not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_2: are fegenot ely been eteched t a fromn gron an to we heverexchd the ears o discresstion
	layer_4: aure feet not relybegin etushd af farm groun and a we have reached the years of discression
	layer_6: our feet not relly begin atushd tho firm grown unte we have reachd the years of discression
	layer_8: our feet not really begin to tush the firm ground until we have reached the years of discresion
	layer_10: our feet not really begin to toush the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_12: our feet not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion

file: 116-288047-0013.flac
expected: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_2: since was nout bornetl man hand mecchurd
	layer_4: sience was not born till man hand machurd
	layer_6: sience was not borntill man had machurd
	layer_8: science was not born ntil man had matured
	layer_10: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_12: science was not born until man had matured

file: 116-288047-0014.flac
expected: grown up people create science
	layer_2: gon ap pepl cre i since
	layer_4: gron ut people cre hit since
	layer_6: gron ut people creets sience
	layer_8: gronup people cre science
	layer_10: grown up people crete sience
	layer_12: grown up people create science

file: 116-288047-0015.flac
expected: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and faiths of mankind
	layer_2: the creattl is the wom mof althafaris and faceon in cim
	layer_4: the creadle is the woom of a ther faries and face o ancime
	layer_6: the crale is the woom of a ther fairies and face a mankime
	layer_8: the cradl is the woom of athe fairies and face t mankine
	layer_10: the cradle is the woomb of a the fairies an face to mankind
	layer_12: the cradle is the woomb of a the fairies in face to mankind

file: 116-288047-0016.flac
expected: the school is the birthplace of science
	layer_2: the scoas the bertlac a since
	layer_4: te sco as the burt flace es since
	layer_6: thi schol wis the burth placas sincs
	layer_8: thi school is the birth place os sience
	layer_10: thi school is the birth places science
	layer_12: thes school is the birth places science

file: 116-288047-0017.flac
expected: religion is the science of the child
	layer_2: religin if the sindtof the chiled
	layer_4: religin fs the sind e of the chiled
	layer_6: religion is the sience of the child
	layer_8: religion as the sience of the child
	layer_10: religion is the science of the child
	layer_12: religion is the science of the child

file: 116-288047-0018.flac
expected: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_2: ind thit isceshion this sebject i ap hltothem achur noto the child mind
	layer_4: ind thet iscusi ofe his sebject i apeel to themacure not o the chilld mind
	layer_6: in the discusio of this subject i happeale to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_8: in the discusin of this subject i appeale to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_10: in the discussion f this subject i appeale to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_12: in the discussion of this subject i appeale to the mature not to the child mind

file: 116-288047-0019.flac
expected: he is god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_2: he as gaots mofpiese and noon my disagrewithin
	layer_4: he has gods mofh pese and no on ma disagre with him
	layer_6: he has gods mouth piece and kno one may disagre with him
	layer_8: he has god's mouth pece and no one may disagre with him
	layer_10: he has god's mouthpeeace and no one may disagree with him
	layer_12: he has god's mouth peace and no one may disagree with him

file: 116-288047-0020.flac
expected: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_2: the ol way om ma comanure spct is re risonble
	layer_4: the only way oi ma command yourespect is wee resonable
	layer_6: the only way i mak command your respect is to e reasonable
	layer_8: the only way i may command your respect is to e reasonable
	layer_10: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_12: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable

file: 116-288047-0021.flac
expected: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_2: whet is cla ceer selves antarlyig the hands of the ovitence
	layer_4: lhet as placeer selves andtarlyg the hands of the evitence
	layer_6: let us place orselves en tirlig the hands of the evidence
	layer_8: let us place ourselves entirlyig the hands of the evidence
	layer_10: let us place ourselves entirlying the hands of the evidence
	layer_12: let us place ourselves entirly ng the hands of the evidence

file: 116-288047-0022.flac
expected: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affection the devotion and the labor of humanity is a myth or a reality
	layer_2: as an teldgit bens old isargt no wer this eases whis wortha was not on y costin the wor ope miliins of the peples mony bohichis oso drin to his serves the tim the argiese te affections thet ovotions an the lagrce manty is ameth or re lty
	layer_4: as antelgent bens wild hisarcg no weair this jeses whis wortho was not only costin the worop milins of the peoples mony buthich his aosso drind to his servus the time the ngiese the affections lht avoations and the labrcumanty is a minth or reality
	layer_6: has intelligent beens whuldisarg kno where this jesus hose worsho as not only coustin the worlp  milions of the peoples money but wich his also drowing to his cervist the time the intergiecs the affections the divotions and the laborecumanty is a minth or reality
	layer_8: has intelligent beens wouldisire to know whe this jesus whose worshoe is not only cousting the world hemilions of the people's money but hich is also drawing to his service the time the inergis the affections the devotions and the labory humanity is a mith or reality
	layer_10: as intelligent bengs would desire to know whete this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but hich is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labor humanity is a mith or reality
	layer_12: as intelligent beengs would desire to know whete this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but hich is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labor humanity is a minth or reality

file: 8288-274150-0000.flac
expected: and again when the artist following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint aignan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quiet meditation they enjoyed together
	layer_2: and t eganwinly artasfolwing maliqornsedvyce llittl late in ariving and wem sant agnan had then ablides to be abson forsontimeit was antresting to obserovta tolnoon wit testhem thos momit o siountcs ful of dee pexpretion which nitid in on si to sols mos tospos to understanitaot and who byt no menes a jecte do the quiht matatationly an juoid doget
	layer_4: and again winle artis faolowing maliqarnsedvise wias a little late in ariving and when saint agnan had ben abloiges to be abson forsometime it was enteresting to habserventa tho noone witnesthem thos momitsta sience ful of deep bexpression which you nihted in one si to sol's mos despose to understandythud and who bu no mens a jected to the quigt met atationly injoy doget
	layer_6: and again when the artest following maliqorns advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been abloges to be absen for some time it was enteresting to observeto though knoone witness them those momets of silence full of deep expression which unihted in on si two soul's most espose to understand ychoterand who by no means objected to the quitemetitationaly enjoyed to getr
	layer_8: and again when the artist following maliqorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnon had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe t though no one witnessd them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sih two soul's most disposed to understand each oterand who by no means objected to the quite meditationaly enjoyed to get hir
	layer_10: and again when the artists following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe t though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationlly enjoyed to geter
	layer_12: and again when the artists following malicorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe t though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed to gethir

file: 8288-274150-0001.flac
expected: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plenty and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_2: and at wor od malliqorn fl as for that h wss lo he nat not headlurned haut win spire the cen with ant appetight in tha mitstif plny and with thesir and the assurants tou posestion
	layer_4: ain at word maliqorn fal os for that he was no het new it not hed lerned howtoin spire the kin with ant apetiht in the mitst of pley and with desire and the assurencs up posesion
	layer_6: in a word maliqorn fallosipfer that he was no he new it not had learned how to inspire the king with an apetite in the midst of pla and with desire in the assurence a possession
	layer_8: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was nhoug he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_10: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_12: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance of possession

file: 8288-274150-0002.flac
expected: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptics
	layer_2: ind this maner hat therefre withoutlyeving herro and having no cof a nont she witablet returngt who her apartmend thus removing by her aprante alotl tart porhabs e suspitions of the mos to termenskcepti
	layer_4: in this manner that therefor without leaving her room and having no comfa nont she wash able to returnt who her apartmend thus removing by her aprance alotl tarty perhabsthe suspitions of the mos to termen sckeptick
	layer_6: in this manner that therefore without leaving her room and having no conmfandant she was able to returnd who her apartment thus removing by her apparance a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most eterman skeptic
	layer_8: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return ho her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determane skeptic
	layer_10: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return o her apartment thus removing by her apparencs a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptic
	layer_12: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptic

file: 8288-274150-0003.flac
expected: but the door remained closed and neither saint aignan nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_2: boute dore eman clos a netheir sagnt agen no the panher pared norted the hans ygenm
	layer_4: but the door reman close a netheir saiht agnan no the pain her peared nor ded the hains e gen mo
	layer_6: but the door reman close and neitheir sait agnonm nor the pain her peared nor ded the hains even mo
	layer_8: but the door remained clothe and neither saite agnon nor the painer ppeared nor did the hains even move
	layer_10: but the door remain closed and neither sait agnam nor the painer appeared nor did the hans even move
	layer_12: but the door remain closed and neither sait agnam nor the painer appeared nor did the hans even move

file: 8288-274150-0004.flac
expected: go then dearest love said the king but return quickly
	layer_2: o tan darist lovf said the kie thet tory turinquicly
	layer_4: go than deariset lovf said the kin thet tore turin quickly
	layer_6: gotan dearest love said the king thet to eturn quickly
	layer_8: gothen dearest love said the king bhut to return quickly
	layer_10: gothen dearest love said the king but to return quickly
	layer_12: go then dearest love said the king but to return quickly

file: 8288-274150-0005.flac
expected: no no not to day sire
	layer_2: no no not to ts
	layer_4: no no not to da si
	layer_6: no no not to da si
	layer_8: no no not to day sig
	layer_10: no no not to day si
	layer_12: no no not to day si

file: 8288-274150-0006.flac
expected: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_2: i nyoobat two wel i you had not ses tolovfhne
	layer_4: i nu but two well tha yo had not ses tol ov nme
	layer_6: i kne but to well that you had not seased to love me
	layer_8: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_10: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_12: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me

file: 8288-274150-0007.flac
expected: la valliere with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_2: the olry withthae just or partly of extrieng tarr and partly has ifnvoking ablessing atemte dospek bu conot ar tickelyt oneword
	layer_4: the valary with a justour partly of extren dtar and partly as if in voking ablessing a tempted do spek buconot ar ticulite one word
	layer_6: the valery with a juster partly of extreem teir and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak bu connut articullate one word
	layer_8: the valary with a jestiure partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but counnot articulate one word
	layer_10: the valery with a jesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_12: the valery with a jesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word

file: 8288-274150-0008.flac
expected: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_2: at the moman howover whin the ken thr  himsel on his nes a acri of utter dspare rangs wor the corder acomity by the sound of retreting foistips
	layer_4: at the moment however when the kein thruw himself on his nes a a cry of utter dispare rangs wouhthe cordor acomityd by the sound of retreeting foo stips
	layer_6: at the moment however when the keing threwh himself on his nees a acry of utter dispaire rangs rough the carter accomvaded by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_8: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a a cry of utter despair rank hrugh the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_10: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a a cry of utter despair rank though the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_12: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a a cry of utter despair rank though the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps

file: 8288-274162-0000.flac
expected: the captain sitting buried in his leathern armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his mustache
	layer_2: the captansaiding beare in is lither omchare his spurs fixt in the lore his sord bestwin is lags was wretin an numbr of letters as he twis es mustas
	layer_4: the capten sidting baried in his lether arm chare his spers fixt in the flor his sord buds twen his legs was reating anumber of letters as he twis is mustash
	layer_6: the captain sitting barried in his lether arm chair his spures fixed in the floor his sord bes tween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist is mustash
	layer_8: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spers fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twissed his mustash
	layer_10: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistd his mustach
	layer_12: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword bestween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist his mustach

file: 8288-274162-0001.flac
expected: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_2: dor tanon uttered a wokomfol of pleasr when he preceeve is fran sim
	layer_4: dar tanion uttered a welkom folle of pleasure when he preceived is frand son
	layer_6: dartanian uttered a welcom full of pleasure when he proceived as friend' son
	layer_8: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived is friend's son
	layer_10: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_12: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son

file: 8288-274162-0002.flac
expected: raoul my boy he said by what lucky accident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_2: l mi by he sin by wat to luck ansthinters id happen thot the king hasercallju
	layer_4: all my bo he sai by what tolucky ens dintas it happen that the king has er callju
	layer_6: ral my bo he said by what to lucky ensident as it happene that the king has r calle je
	layer_8: ral my boy he said by what  lucky incident dos it happened that the king has r called yu
	layer_10: ro my boy he said by what lucky incident dos it happen that the king has rcalled u
	layer_12: ro my boy he said by what lucky incident does it happen that the king has rcalled jou

file: 8288-274162-0003.flac
expected: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_2: thes worgse d i not sounda greably in th oun mansears who as he sedim self forplime apon my wored i con ot detouve alldta thy nois i have comeback omn
	layer_4: these wordes di not sound a greably in the young mansiears who as he seedhimself frplime apon my wore ti con ot delluve all that i knois i have comeback om
	layer_6: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man' ears who as he seede himself freplyme upon my word i cannot dellyue all that i know is i have come back am
	layer_8: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replid upon my word i cannot dell you all that i know his i have come back om
	layer_10: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back ome
	layer_12: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back om

file: 8288-274162-0004.flac
expected: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_2: that the kin has no olocal du and you heveoy tnd
	layer_4: that the king has not rle calld ou and you heavre ternd
	layer_6: that the king has not recalledyou and you havevreturned
	layer_8: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_10: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_12: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned

file: 8288-274162-0005.flac
expected: i do not understand that at all
	layer_2: i du no an te stan dheat the t
	layer_4: i do ne un the sten that that tol
	layer_6: i do not understand that tat all
	layer_8: i do not understand that at all
	layer_10: i do not uderstand that at all
	layer_12: i do not understand that at all

file: 8288-274162-0006.flac
expected: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_2: reus urity palnou and he now beganto turn hiss hatroundod roundin hiss hamnd
	layer_4: grows oridy pail anugh an he now began to turn his hat round dn round in his hand
	layer_6: growele was already pal enough and he know began to turn his hat ground and round in his hand
	layer_8: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_10: rowal was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_12: growal was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand

file: 8288-274162-0007.flac
expected: what the deuce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_2: rt the dos s ti mater at  yeu lokacyu do and whant mex you so dong
	layer_4: art they dose is the mater that you look ans you do and whent meket you so dong
	layer_6: ht they doce is thy matter that you look as you do and want makes you sow dom
	layer_8: what they do ce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dum
	layer_10: what they do s is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_12: what they do s is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb

file: 8288-274162-0008.flac
expected: said the captain do people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england
	layer_2: said theceacton to pepe now dais the so met sort of ar s nninglent
	layer_4: said the caften to peop anow days e soo met sort ofe airs ininglent
	layer_6: said the caftin to peoplnowa days ta sou mat sort of airs an englant
	layer_8: said the captain to people nowadays assume mat sort of airs in england
	layer_10: said the captain to people nowadays assume that sort of eairs in england
	layer_12: said the captain to people nowadays assume that sort of eairs in england

file: 8288-274162-0009.flac
expected: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_2: i hav been in englent and cim her agin as livelyisachafrincs
	layer_4: i hav been in england and came here again as lively as achafrince
	layer_6: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafrench
	layer_8: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaferinch
	layer_10: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaferinch
	layer_12: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaferinch

file: 8288-274162-0010.flac
expected: will you not say something
	layer_2: we oul nt sa sumting
	layer_4: wil ou not say somting
	layer_6: wl youl not say something
	layer_8: will youl not say something
	layer_10: wil you not say something
	layer_12: wil you not say something

file: 8288-274162-0011.flac
expected: i have too much to say
	layer_2: i hald to much to s
	layer_4: i had to muched to sang
	layer_6: i have to much to say
	layer_8: i have to much to say
	layer_10: i have too much to say
	layer_12: i have too much to say

file: 8288-274162-0012.flac
expected: ah how is your father
	layer_2: a hols yo foter
	layer_4: a how s your fother
	layer_6: ah hows your fother
	layer_8: a how is your father
	layer_10: a how is your father
	layer_12: a how is your father

file: 8288-274162-0013.flac
expected: forgive me my dear friend i was going to ask you that
	layer_2: for give me my drf frinmdtet i as gin to as usat
	layer_4: for give me my the ufrimdit i was going to i scusat
	layer_6: forgive me my deafrimdi i was going to ascuse at
	layer_8: bforgive me my dear frindit i was going to ask ouse at
	layer_10: forgive me my dear frindi i was going to ask ousat
	layer_12: forgive me my dear frindi i was going to ask usat

file: 8288-274162-0014.flac
expected: d'artagnan increased the sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_2: thour taa an cresetis sharnec of his ponatratin gas wash no sekrt was caplbwal hrisisting
	layer_4: thur tayin icrease tos sharpness of his pinatratingas wich no secrat was capalbwal  resisting
	layer_6: dartain ancrased his sharpness of his pinetratin gaze which no secrit was capabl ofresisting
	layer_8: d'artaan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_10: d'artagan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_12: d'artagan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting

file: 8288-274162-0015.flac
expected: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_2: you n hav be about soumting he sid
	layer_4: you on hay about somepting he said
	layer_6: you un happy about someting he said
	layer_8: you aun happy about something he said
	layer_10: you aen'happy about something he said
	layer_12: you are n'thappy about something he said

file: 8288-274162-0016.flac
expected: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_2: i aman ded and you no the reason vy rel mi shl do tenin
	layer_4: i am andeed and you know the reason vlreld mshl t o tanin
	layer_6: i am indeed and you know the reason vlrrell missyour tortenon
	layer_8: i am indeed and you know the reason vary reall monsieur d'artagan
	layer_10: i am indeed and you know the reason vary rel monsieur d'artagan
	layer_12: i am indeed and you know the reason vary rel monsieur d'artagnan

file: 8288-274162-0017.flac
expected: nay do not pretend to be astonished
	layer_2: na do notpritentof bustn
	layer_4: na do not pretent of beau stii
	layer_6: ney do not pretento vi estimi
	layer_8: na do not pretentoe te astomi
	layer_10: knay do not pretend to be astomish
	layer_12: nay do not pretend to be astomis

file: 8288-274162-0018.flac
expected: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_2: i hae nut perdenning to beuston hismy fimnd
	layer_4: i ham not perden ing to be us ton ismy fiaund
	layer_6: i ave not predenningto be astdonis my frand
	layer_8: i am not predendting to be astonishtd my friend
	layer_10: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_12: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend

file: 8288-274162-0019.flac
expected: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh oh
	layer_2: i have me ther had kno arrm h to not ty spis bt heltme ind to wr d in the mos reced d o living bainggs o
	layer_4: i have me ther head no arm  do not ty spise but heltmy into words i n the mosretched of living beings o
	layer_6: i have neither head nor arm do not despiese but  helpt me intwo words i and he most retchide of living beings o
	layer_8: i have neither head nor arm  do not despise but  help me in two words i an the most wretchid of living beings o
	layer_10: i have neither head nor arm do not despise buthelp me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings o
	layer_12: i have neither head nor arm  do not despise buthelp me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings o

file: 8288-274162-0020.flac
expected: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_2: she is deseeving sai dert taniine dot amosar of whose face had moved lhes ar biglorrd s who makxeu s of them
	layer_4: she is tdeseevingul said dear tanione dot amos al of whose face had moved lose are pigords who makes us of them
	layer_6: she is deceeting you said dartanion dot a mosl of whose face had moved those ar big ords whom makes use of them
	layer_8: she is deceiding yu said d'artagnan dot a mussle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_10: she is deceiving yu said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_12: she is deceiving yo said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them

file: 8288-274162-0021.flac
expected: every one ah
	layer_2: ernah
	layer_4: eve ryon a
	layer_6: every one a
	layer_8: everyone ak
	layer_10: everyone as
	layer_12: everyone as

file: 8288-274162-0022.flac
expected: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_2: af evryoncesel ther must besoe truthinit
	layer_4: if every on sa so ther must be some trouth init
	layer_6: if every one sas so there must be some truth in it
	layer_8: if everyone sas so there must be some truth in it
	layer_10: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_12: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it

file: 8288-274162-0023.flac
expected: not for a friend for a son
	layer_2: nut fore af frend for a son
	layer_4: not for a frend for a son
	layer_6: not for a friend for a sun
	layer_8: not for a friend for a son
	layer_10: not for a friend for a son
	layer_12: not for a friend for a son

file: 8288-274162-0024.flac
expected: the deuce take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_2: a doset tacket eou ar rly  from ci ousty
	layer_4: ados taketou are relly l from car osty
	layer_6: i dose tak it you are relly el from criosty
	layer_8: i do s take it you are really e from curiosty
	layer_10: i do stake it you are really e from curiosty
	layer_12: i do stake it you are really e from curiosty

file: 8288-274162-0025.flac
expected: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_2: not is nat fromcuriyosti isis fromlou
	layer_4: no t is not from curiosty is is fromlof
	layer_6: no it is not from curiostyis is from love
	layer_8: no it is not from curiosity itis from love
	layer_10: know it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_12: now it is not from curiosity it is from love

file: 8288-274162-0026.flac
expected: good another big word
	layer_2: cot another b oard
	layer_4: cot i nother bike ard
	layer_6: ct another bigword
	layer_8: ct another big word
	layer_10: cut another big word
	layer_12: cut another big word

file: 8288-274162-0027.flac
expected: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_2: i tel youi love luieas to thistr ection
	layer_4: i tel you i leve loeas to tistraction
	layer_6: i tell you i love lis to destraction
	layer_8: i tell you i love louis to distraction
	layer_10: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_12: i tell you i love louise to distraction

file: 8288-274162-0028.flac
expected: well suppose it were only that
	layer_2: wel ste positwor only that
	layer_4: welsu poseit were only that
	layer_6: well su posit were only that
	layer_8: well suppose it were only that
	layer_10: well suppose it we're only that
	layer_12: well suppose it we're only that

file: 8288-274162-0029.flac
expected: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_2: nosncs l man ever sexeeteded making much hof a brinwin the had as trnd
	layer_4: nosencel man ever succeeteded making much havf a brain when the head was turnd
	layer_6: no sinsible man ever succeeded ed making much have a brain when the head was turned
	layer_8: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_10: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_12: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned

file: 8288-274162-0030.flac
expected: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_2: i have complely lost mycences in the saime why ar huntered dimsin mylie
	layer_4: i have complely lostd my sences in the same wya huntered diames ind my live
	layer_6: i have complely lost my senses an the same whery are hundered times in my life
	layer_8: i have completely lost my senses in the same war a hundered times in my life
	layer_10: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_12: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life

file: 8288-274162-0031.flac
expected: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_2: you wit hear pu h o wuld not understen me yo wutd unter sthand bu h o uld notl vame me
	layer_4: you wial here put yo would not under stand me yo whuld un her stand but yo whuld notil bae me
	layer_6: you would here put you would not understand me you hud unterstand but you would not olba me
	layer_8: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you ould not obey me
	layer_10: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_12: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me

file: 8288-274162-0032.flac
expected: oh try try
	layer_2: od srh tr
	layer_4: o crie tri
	layer_6: oll try try
	layer_8: o try try
	layer_10: o try try
	layer_12: o try try

file: 8288-274162-0033.flac
expected: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_2: i gl fr eveenafy wer on foarcid nof to no sumptin and foitionn of to kunacitito yu you ar my fran u saing and deet yeis
	layer_4: i go fare even afi were unforton ad nough to no sumpting and flitiona ugh to colunocatit to you you are my frand you sayng and teete yes
	layer_6: i gofar eveniff i were unfortun nough to now something and folithi on anough tookomunicated to you you are my friend you saying andeed yes
	layer_8: i go far even if i were unfortuneaenough to know something and foolish en enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you saying indeed yes
	layer_10: i go far even if i were unfortunaeaenough to know something and foolish enenough to communicate it to you you are my friend you sayng indeed yes
	layer_12: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enenough to communicate it to you you are my friend you sayn indeed yes

file: 8288-274162-0034.flac
expected: very good i should quarrel with you
	layer_2: ther egoy i sou cor wat yo
	layer_4: there egoody i sod cora wit you
	layer_6: there a good i should caral with you
	layer_8: there are good i shold qarrel with you
	layer_10: theyrr good i should quarrel with you
	layer_12: ter a goody i should quarrel with you

file: 8288-274162-0035.flac
expected: i never complain as you know but as heaven and my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhold i will tell him he lies and and you would kill him
	layer_2: i nevero complan as youo no but as heven in myf father would never forgive me for bloing out my brin i wlgoon git the firs prsan i myt to guivmy the in for maton which you withho let i wil tell him helisan and dou iloculim
	layer_4: i never complain as you kno but as heaven in my father would never forigive me for blowying out my brin i will go an git the firs prson i me to gimmi the in for mation which you with ho hold i will tell him he lysan and you will cillim
	layer_6: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my braine i will go and get the first person i me to give me the information which you with hohold i will tell him he lis an and d yo will killiam
	layer_8: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i met to gie me the information which you with hohold i will tell him he lies and and you willkilliam
	layer_10: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i meat to give me the information which you with hoold i will tell him he lies and and yu wolkiliam
	layer_12: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i meat to give me the information which you with hoold i will tell him he lies and and you wikiliam

file: 8288-274162-0036.flac
expected: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_2: and efined ofre that wold ve so mucht the beter whatc shud ikk i
	layer_4: and a fined o fair that would be so muched the better what shuld ik him
	layer_6: and a find a fair that would be so much the better what shoul icam
	layer_8: and a fined affar that would be so much the better what should i kare
	layer_10: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i kare
	layer_12: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care

file: 8288-274162-0037.flac
expected: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_2: you nowlsom differentelnt and sti t if guling you l git cild yourselfisuposu me sery fine in dee
	layer_4: you know som differente and stidhive guling you will git killd your sel i suposyu mean ery fin anded
	layer_6: you knw asum mae differen to and stid of gilling you will get kild yourself i suppos your man fery fine indeed
	layer_8: you now assum a different tone instid of killing you will git kill yourself i suppose you mean ery fine indeed
	layer_10: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killd yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_12: you now assume a different ton instead of killing you will get killd yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed

file: 8288-274162-0038.flac
expected: how much i should regret you
	layer_2: how mut s a sout er greyou
	layer_4: how mut i should her gret ou
	layer_6: how much i shoul her gret ou
	layer_8: how much i should hergret you
	layer_10: how much i should rgret you
	layer_12: how much i should regret you

file: 8288-274162-0039.flac
expected: of course i should go about all day saying ah
	layer_2: of qorca sa colbout al thacin o
	layer_4: of cuoursi so co bout all dasing ou
	layer_6: of course i shll coabout all day sing a
	layer_8: of course i shall go about all day sing ah
	layer_10: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_12: of course i shall go about all day saying a

file: 8288-274162-0040.flac
expected: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was
	layer_2: whut a finsto pid filo that bregelon ars
	layer_4: what ae fin s topid fillow that bragelon was
	layer_6: what hae find stopid filowd that bragalon was
	layer_8: what a fine stupid fillow that braggalon was
	layer_10: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalone was
	layer_12: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalon was

file: 8288-274162-0041.flac
expected: as great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_2: his grat astopit es y ever mettwith
	layer_4: his grat a stuopit esi evermetwith
	layer_6: his great a stuopit as i ever metwith
	layer_8: as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_10: as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_12: as great as stupid as i ever met with

file: 8288-274162-0042.flac
expected: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_2: ga thean ron go in gitch ur selftiy spose doe f he fou lik
	layer_4: go then rowln go un gitch ou sufty sposete ifou lik
	layer_6: go then groul go an get yourslf tyspose der if you like
	layer_8: go then ral go and get yoursef disposederf if you like
	layer_10: go then roul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_12: go then roul go and get yourself disposed o if you like

file: 8288-274162-0043.flac
expected: i hardly know who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_2: i har lin kno who con have totch yu logik but do s take me a t ulf father has not been raguly  robd of his mony
	layer_4: i har lay kneo who cun have tutch you logic but dose take me ifu father has not been regully robd of his mony
	layer_6: i hardlay knew who can have touch you logic but doce take me if youl father has not been reguly robed of his money
	layer_8: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been reguly robbed of his money
	layer_10: i hardly knew who can have taugch you logic but dose take me if your father has not been regulaly robbed of his money
	layer_12: i hardly knew who caln have tauch you logic but dos take me if your father has not been regulaly robbed of his money

file: 8288-274162-0044.flac
expected: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_2: hro wil brid his faceonis hands murmring non i heaved not tha seingl frendin the warld
	layer_4: rowwill brid his face ion hiss hans mermring nono i haved not ta single frendin te world
	layer_6: ro will buried his face in his hands murmering no na i have not ta single friend in the world
	layer_8: grawill buryt his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_10: growwill buried his face in his hands murmuring no n i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_12: rowwill buryied his face in his hands murmuring no o i have not a single friend in the world

file: 8288-274162-0045.flac
expected: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you although i am a gascon
	layer_2: i tho fances moln sr d not laffa  tho  am agus com
	layer_4: i thel fances mon sor i do not laf at  ou thoughi am agusgon
	layer_6: i dol fancies monsier i do not laugh at you dhough i ama gusgon
	layer_8: idol fancis monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_10: aidol fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_12: adol fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon

file: 8288-274162-0046.flac
expected: a carpenter what do you mean
	layer_2: cavpe der wht y ou me
	layer_4: a civepred ther wht toy you me
	layer_6: a ciepriter what do you meam
	layer_8: a cipriter what do you mean
	layer_10: a cripiter what do you mean
	layer_12: a cipriter what do you mean

file: 8288-274162-0047.flac
expected: upon my word i don't know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain flooring
	layer_2: a pan mi wered i  notlno some mon told my ther was tha carpenthor who maten olpeening thoras seitin flor
	layer_4: apn my wor i do notno someone told me there was e carpend thr who maden opening thog has sertin flor
	layer_6: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpened ther whomade an opening through a certain floor
	layer_8: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpen te whomade an opening through a certain floor
	layer_10: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenter whoomadean opening through a certain floor
	layer_12: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenter whoomade an opening through a certain floor

file: 8288-274162-0048.flac
expected: oh i don't know where
	layer_2: o i dot noa
	layer_4: o wmie dot kno
	layer_6: omy don't knowel
	layer_8: my don't know wher
	layer_10: oi don't know wer
	layer_12: oi don't know were

file: 8288-274162-0049.flac
expected: in whose room then
	layer_2: an whos erom them
	layer_4: an whose rom them
	layer_6: and whose room them
	layer_8: and whose room themn
	layer_10: in whose room then
	layer_12: in whose room themn

file: 8288-274162-0050.flac
expected: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_2: i have togu for te least owr that i no nething of the horllofer
	layer_4: i have to you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the holiffer
	layer_6: i have told you for the lest our that i know nothing of the whol afhar
	layer_8: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affaire
	layer_10: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_12: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair

file: 8288-274162-0051.flac
expected: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_2: but tepatesthin the poarteret
	layer_4: but the painter then the portert
	layer_6: but the painter then the portrt
	layer_8: but the painter then the partrt
	layer_10: but the painter then the portrit
	layer_12: but the painter then the portrid

file: 8288-274162-0052.flac
expected: why you seem to have only that name in your mouth
	layer_2: he so to hem only that namanyo mouth
	layer_4: wy you so to heme only that name anyour mouth
	layer_6: wl you su to hem only that name in your mouth
	layer_8: wll you si to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_10: wi you soit to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_12: wi you sat to him only that name in your mouth

file: 8288-274162-0053.flac
expected: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_2: i dod nat s tupposito kcon san
	layer_4: i doo not stup posit wil consonou
	layer_6: i do not supposeit will conson you
	layer_8: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_10: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_12: i do not suppose it will concern you

file: 8288-274162-0054.flac
expected: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_2: a s youorret and y mati steppr to has taff e wre going to l whare you ging
	layer_4: as s youur right and hy mayde a steper to has if ye were going to le where a you ging
	layer_6: es your aright and he made a stepor to as if he were going to leap whee are you going
	layer_8: yes you areae right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are youe going
	layer_10: yes you real right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_12: yes you are al right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going

file: 8288-274162-0055.flac
expected: to look for some one who will tell me the truth
	layer_2: tollo or sememone who the tenming te trot
	layer_4: ti look or semen who ae ten meng the trupe
	layer_6: to loke or sommon who wofeten me ty truve
	layer_8: to look for sommone who wl tend me the trut
	layer_10: to look for someone who wultend me detruth
	layer_12: to look for some one who ill tend me detruth

file: 8288-274162-0056.flac
expected: who is that a woman
	layer_2: ho was lhat a lne
	layer_4: who was that i wona
	layer_6: who was lat a woman
	layer_8: who was tlhat a woman
	layer_10: who was that a woman
	layer_12: who was that a woman

file: 8288-274162-0057.flac
expected: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_2: you wish to be consold bysemeon and you wolt be so t ontcs she wil dud younothing ilif her sel f of cars so beofh
	layer_4: you wish to be consold by sumewon and you wil be so it wance she will del you nothing illif her self of cours sol be ogf
	layer_6: you wish to be consould by someone and you will be so at once she will del you nothing elifve herself of course so be off
	layer_8: you wish to be consold by some one and you will be so at once she will dell you nothing illif herself of course so be off
	layer_10: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_12: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off

file: 8288-274162-0058.flac
expected: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_2: you re mistikin ons replidro tho omen i men wl tell me all the ever she possipblykain
	layer_4: you re misstack in mon su replid ro though aman i men will telime all the evlr she possiblycain
	layer_6: you are misstacken monse replied r thoughrman i mean will tell e me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_8: you are mistaken monseur replied ru thug herman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_10: you are mistaken monsieur replied rou the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_12: you are mistaken monsieur replied ru the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can

file: 8288-274162-0059.flac
expected: well i admit it
	layer_2: el i mitit
	layer_4: wel i vemitit
	layer_6: well i aemitit
	layer_8: well i admited
	layer_10: well i admitit
	layer_12: well i admitid

file: 8288-274162-0060.flac
expected: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with a poor mouse
	layer_2: and in poin ta fac t wi should i play with you has acatdes wit the por mnous
	layer_4: and in point o facd wi should i play with you as acatnes with he poormous
	layer_6: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnos with the poormeuh
	layer_8: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnos with the poor mouth
	layer_10: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with the poor mouth
	layer_12: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with the poor mouth

file: 8288-274162-0061.flac
expected: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_2: e testresin oudo intet
	layer_4: you testressme yu do indeeat
	layer_6: you destres me you do indead
	layer_8: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_10: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_12: you distress me you do indeed

file: 8288-274162-0062.flac
expected: wait if you can
	layer_2: wyti youcan
	layer_4: weay tif you cain
	layer_6: wai if you can
	layer_8: wait if you can
	layer_10: wait if you can
	layer_12: wait if you can

file: 8288-274162-0063.flac
expected: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_2: i cald dot soe much te wors
	layer_4: i coul dot soe much te wors
	layer_6: i could not so much the wors
	layer_8: i could not so much the worse
	layer_10: i could not so much de worse
	layer_12: i could not so much dhe worse

file: 8288-274162-0064.flac
expected: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_2: a said rowlsnechingeguly oat the pin which te ceptan held outm
	layer_4: asaid row al snaching eguly at the pirn which the cept in held out tohoim
	layer_6: a said ro all snatching egrly at the pin which the keptain held out to him
	layer_8: a said roall snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_10: ah said roal snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_12: ah said roal snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him

file: 8288-274162-0065.flac
expected: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_2: hater ivfoachin ant dates  he was looking tfr ou to
	layer_4: holw tverifortchinat tattis ad he was looking for you too
	layer_6: how very fortunat tat is a he was looking for you to
	layer_8: how very fortunate hat is  he was looking for you too
	layer_10: how very fortunatethate is  he was looking for you too
	layer_12: how very fortunate thate is  he was looking for you too

file: 8288-274162-0066.flac
expected: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_2: she said the samed torn ofvoyce it is not i who am gin to spato  hodan
	layer_4: she said the samed ton o voice it is not i who him ging to spek tow ho hoden
	layer_6: she said the samed ton a voice it is not i who ham going to speak to him ho then
	layer_8: she said inthe same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him ho then
	layer_10: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him ho then
	layer_12: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then

file: 6455-67804-0000.flac
expected: i accompany my granddaughter to this this entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_2: i comene my greangoter to this bisnt thamment heliti shat prs monded
	layer_4: ia comeny my grendoughter to tis bisnmt tameent herliti shut presmonded
	layer_6: i had company my grandahter to the sbusn'ttament her ladyshoot prsponded
	layer_8: i adcompanyed my granddaughter to thisbusenteotament her ladyship responded
	layer_10: i acompaniyed my granddaughter to thisbus entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_12: i accompanied my granddaughter to thisbus entertainment her ladyship responded

file: 6455-67804-0001.flac
expected: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind
	layer_2: itestcirsly agoit thacasen tom my mind
	layer_4: it isscirsly igjoy ecasion tom my mind
	layer_6: it isscarcely a joic occasion to mine mind
	layer_8: it is scarcely a joyts occasion to mie mind
	layer_10: it is scarcely ajoys occasion to my mind
	layer_12: it is scarcely adjoyis occasion to my mind

file: 6455-67804-0002.flac
expected: no need to dress yourself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binnie
	layer_2: none thidrusers thol wyt b effit isnt ajackalad i misterpeny
	layer_4: nowny the dres ersut wee tat f it isent ajackalad in mister beny
	layer_6: nony the dress herself whnt tat if it isn't a jacculateid mister buny
	layer_8: no ne the dress her self wht that if it isn't ajaculated mister bunny
	layer_10: none the dress herself lik that if it isn't ejaculated mister bunny
	layer_12: no ne the dress herself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister bunny

file: 6455-67804-0003.flac
expected: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself
	layer_2: if our shur tis was a si man i o mysel
	layer_4: if our shur this was tet ser man i go my selt
	layer_6: if our sur this was ta sa man ivd yol myself
	layer_8: if our sure this was th sa man i' go myself
	layer_10: if o r sure this was te sa man i 'd go myself
	layer_12: if ow r sure this was the sa man i'd go myself

file: 6455-67804-0004.flac
expected: when i find a fellow who's neither knave nor fool i stick to him believe i'll send to find out
	layer_2: whe  iveitiffello his neger nave nor th fo y sic him ble vfeltan the fideu
	layer_4: whn ie igto felof his neger nave north fo ise sticto him blie felt and the finda
	layer_6: when i'vemigd a fellow his nigger nave nor oth full i sixt e him blieve els ie the find a
	layer_8: when i've ied a fellow his neiger nave nort foll iy sick to him believe else aind the findout
	layer_10: when i've red a fellow his niger naves nor fooll eye stick to him believe else han the findou
	layer_12: when i'v rid a fellow his nigger naves nor foll ey stick to him believe els than te findo

file: 6455-67804-0005.flac
expected: the only time he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had copied from octavia's nice gown that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_2: the olin hie emmen elyncomu poner wish the firs rmys toe hern the drus she a copit mokt titious tha scam that hn boredenout dingulda hur al wagr
	layer_4: the oing hime yhemman elyn comeiupnoer wis the first irmeus l hern the dretts she a compifh moktitious ney scam that invordedout diingud ehure allwagere
	layer_6: the oling hihme ham in edy comme upon her wias the first iemisla her in the dres she ac commieg moktiius ni scand bhat inlard ed out didn' gottoheare all wagure
	layer_8: the only himiim man ey comment upon her was the first time heu saw her in the dres she accompyedf mactipius nie scam tat he hurted out didn'tget ta her all wager
	layer_10: the only tim a mad any commen upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she adccomlied marctipius nice scamdtat hethourted out didn't get  hereall wager
	layer_12: the only time eam mad any commen upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she adccomplised marctipius nice scam tat he thourted out didn't get  here all wager

file: 6455-67804-0006.flac
expected: doesn't look like it he said gruffly
	layer_2: ths n loo qli ye is a graffly
	layer_4: the s on look likit is aid grafly
	layer_6: this n look ike it isid grahly
	layer_8: tdesn't look like it he said graufilly
	layer_10: tde'sn't look like it he said grafully
	layer_12: de'sn't look like it he said grafully

file: 6455-67804-0007.flac
expected: no she answered i am not afraid at all
	layer_2: no she anteed i am motar foriditl
	layer_4: no she enswerd i ham mot af fritidle
	layer_6: no she answered i a motta fratitle
	layer_8: no she answered i am not afrididal
	layer_10: no she answered i am not afrad f l
	layer_12: no she answered i am not afrad ot ll

file: 6455-67804-0008.flac
expected: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_2: i s all not be a fraetigad
	layer_4: i shaid not be afratagaid
	layer_6: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_8: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_10: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_12: i shall not be afraid again

file: 6455-67804-0009.flac
expected: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanor
	layer_2: and fo she ap perficlyinfoud ted hr laty should by her de meiner
	layer_4: and thacktds she ha perfictly con founded her laty should by her to mener
	layer_6: and fact she happerfectlly confounded her lady should by her demunur
	layer_8: in fact she had perfectly confounded her lady shid by her demanur
	layer_10: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_12: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanor

file: 6455-67804-0010.flac
expected: i beg you will not speak to me of that again she said i will not listen
	layer_2: i be yu onts beto me haf thaiead she sein i wlell ot lisan
	layer_4: i be your nut sbe to me have tharraad she sain i wee out licon
	layer_6: i beh yourl not seak to me haf tha ad eend she saind i wll out listen
	layer_8: i begk you'l not speak to me of thatidan she said i will ot listen
	layer_10: i beg youwill not speak to me of that idian she said i will not listen
	layer_12: i beg you'll not speak to me of that idian she said i will not listen

file: 6455-67804-0011.flac
expected: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_2: and terning about she aok at of theri
	layer_4: an turning aboutshe walked out of the r
	layer_6: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_8: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_10: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_12: and turning about she walked out of the room

file: 6455-67804-0012.flac
expected: and nothing more had been said on the subject since
	layer_2: and nothym or harvbed sid o tubexentce
	layer_4: and nothi ore hervbe sidt u tepecence
	layer_6: and nothing ore hebis at unsebjecence
	layer_8: and nothing more hebids a on subject sense
	layer_10: and nothing more havidsid onsubject sence
	layer_12: and nothing more havidsad onsubject since

file: 6455-67804-0013.flac
expected: before breakfast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which ran as follows
	layer_2: befor brecit misplen the wastirl byvther ivle  wad nothe telgr whichman nheas follos
	layer_4: befor bracmith missplen the wastural by the r ivul ofunnother telligr which rain thaes follows
	layer_6: before brackwitht missplindar was stirle by the rival of another telligr which wind tas follows
	layer_8: before brakmith miss bolindea was sturtled by the rival of aanother telegar which reind as follows
	layer_10: before breakfmist miss blinda was startled by the arrival of another telegamp which rened as follows
	layer_12: before breakfist miss bulinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which rined as follows

file: 6455-67804-0014.flac
expected: arrived to day per russia be with you tomorrow evening
	layer_2: o rife to tay perresu beuwath het a mow ieding
	layer_4: a rive to they perreso bewi het a molw egling
	layer_6: arived to da peresio beuwiththto milw eveling
	layer_8: arrived to day peressia beithet o myle evening
	layer_10: arrived to day poressia be ity tomil evening
	layer_12: arrived to day peresia beity tomil evening

file: 6455-67804-0015.flac
expected: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_2: frind with m mortaintasi
	layer_4: fran with me martan baso
	layer_6: frind with me martn base
	layer_8: friend with me martin basson
	layer_10: friend with me martin basso
	layer_12: friend with me marton baso

file: 6455-67804-0016.flac
expected: well remarked octavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_2: welt wremoc u s ave i i supos thut woid avein evanege
	layer_4: welt re moce le tave ia i suppose thout woud avenen the vanage
	layer_6: well it remoxtlitvia i suppose that would have en in the vanage
	layer_8: well it remarked atvia i suppose that would havebeen in the vanage
	layer_10: well  remarkd atavia i suppose that would have been in the vantage
	layer_12: well  remarked otavia i suppose that would have been in the vantage

file: 6455-67804-0017.flac
expected: octavia was a marked figure upon the grounds at that garden party another dress my dear remarked missus burnham
	layer_2: at tav e e was a marpe fickure pon the grou thof ik cart apity nother jes midiear wremark wistebrnem
	layer_4: oataveia was a margtr fikur pon the grout of tlic gartompirty nother jes midear wremark mis ter burntim
	layer_6: aoktaia was a marked fiur pon the growt of lat gardimparty nother jess my dear remarkd mister brtim
	layer_8: octavia was a marked figure upon the growt of that garden party another jess my dear remarkedmister burdam
	layer_10: auctavia was a marked figureupon the grouns of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister buram
	layer_12: actavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister buram

file: 6455-67804-0018.flac
expected: and what a charming color she has i declare she is usually paler
	layer_2: n oult a churming collor he haint a clear sesu saly peller
	layer_4: an wat a charming collores she hasin a clare ses usualy peallar
	layer_6: andwht a charming color she has it a cleare sese usually paler
	layer_8: andwhat a charming colors she has nit at clear sees usually paler
	layer_10: andwhat a charming colours she has n't a clar sees usually paler
	layer_12: andwhat a charming colours she has n't a clar sees usually paler

file: 6455-67804-0019.flac
expected: perhaps we owe this to lord lansdowne
	layer_2: peapsd te othe tfoloren leyanso
	layer_4: prapsd be o this tloren lanson
	layer_6: perhaps be others to lorn lansown
	layer_8: perhaps be others to lord lan'son
	layer_10: perhaps be others to lord landson
	layer_12: perhaps be others to lord lanson

file: 6455-67804-0020.flac
expected: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself
	layer_2: shis prodyourd advert ay in is anjowangerself
	layer_4: shis prityork avertay in is in jing erself
	layer_6: ches predir an dver ta in its injoying herself
	layer_8: she's prettyertan ever to la in its enjoying herself
	layer_10: she's prettier than ever to day in its enjoying herself
	layer_12: she's pretier than ever to day in its enjoying herself

file: 6455-67804-0021.flac
expected: she was enjoying herself mister francis barold observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_2: she wasen joaing herself miserpraent brol obsr thit bathek lomlaly at he sud uprt
	layer_4: she wysind joing herself miser pran os bril obsere that rather g lomily athe soid upart
	layer_6: she was in joing herself misser prandes bil observe that rather glumily a thes sutta part
	layer_8: she was enjoying herself misster pranesbrl observed tit rather gloomily as the sotta part
	layer_10: she was enjoying herself mister francibrl observed it rather gloomily a he st apart
	layer_12: she was enjoying herself mister francisburll observed it rather gloomily a he sod apart

file: 6455-67804-0022.flac
expected: and then had come lord lansdowne who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_2: and then ha ollored ly ans ot han cos nelonthe shi antif this host havbe nobserfe tokepes if ixt upar one prticelt apint urmistod he shi aftr havings mokc in is firswort who is that talgro in wit
	layer_4: and then ha coe mord ly aensad who and cossne lon dthe shakc an wet this host havbin abserve to keephis ifed ixt upor one prticether point burmastown he sai after havingcs mook in has firs word who  is that tall grlain wiht
	layer_6: an then ha come lordlyansord who and crosstoin alon tho shake ans with this host have ben observed to keep his eydix uporn one particular point ermiston he said after having smook in his first words who  is that tall girolden whit
	layer_8: and then had come lord laanzod who in crossin alan to shak hands with this host have been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermastone he said after having smookin his first words who is that tall girld in white
	layer_10: and then had come lord lanzord who in crossing a lawn to shake handswith his host hade been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point ermistone he said after having smooken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_12: and then had come lord lanzord who in crossing tha lawn to shake hans with this host hade been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermi stone he said after having smoken his first words who is that tall girl in white

file: 6455-67804-0023.flac
expected: and in ten minutes lady theobald missus burnham mister barold and divers others too numerous to mention saw him standing at octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_2: ind inteiminits laty theyaled misterberno isstebearld n thevveres others too nimra omengon soms an the o tave iiustit of thently withnontonten o laving et
	layer_4: in inteiminits laty they ipled misterbernum misterbarle tian the vers others ton neresimention somes in e otaveiousid of thantlny with no intintion of laving at
	layer_6: an intimminutes ladytthyabled mister burna mister barledtan the vers other's to numeroaus cymention saoms an actaviouside ofthantly with no intention of leaving it
	layer_8: and inten minutes lady th old mister burna mister beredan thevers other's to numerous ymention saw msine actavia side ofeidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_10: and in ten minutes ladytheap old mister burna mister barldon te vers others too numerous ta mention saw msala actavias side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_12: and in ten minutes ladytheap old mister burnam mister barldon tevers others too numerous ta mention saw misalea actavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it

file: 6455-67804-0024.flac
expected: not long after this francis barold found his way to miss belinda who was very busy and rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_2: not long aghto theis fraentes pirl f unas wae inmispolientu he ws vary bees y innbather nerviss in the cus evenentlynin joig erself hyeu remark
	layer_4: not long agfte this fraentespirl foun as wahe i mis plinto he was very busty itnbather nervis iun nesus evinetlynn joinghorself he remark
	layer_6: not long after this frantespirl fun as wato miss bolinda hetwas very busy itn rather nervist anecus evineteloejoying herself he remarked
	layer_8: not long after this francesberel found is way to miss blinda ht was very busy itden bather nervas a nices evinentely emjoying herself he remarked
	layer_10: not long after this francis birl found his way to miss blinda he was very busy iven rather nervos and nieceas evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_12: not long after this francis berl found his way to miss bolinda het was very busy iven rather nervous and nicas evidently enjoying herself he remarked

file: 6455-67804-0025.flac
expected: octavia is most happy to day answered miss belinda
	layer_2: octaya is mose hape to theean terd misblonder
	layer_4: actavlie is mostd happy to tea an ter misiplender
	layer_6: oclia is most happy to day intered missuplinda
	layer_8: oxalia is most happy to day antered missu blenda
	layer_10: oucalia is most happy to day ansered missu blinda
	layer_12: ouxsalia is most happy to day ansered missu blinda

file: 6455-67804-0026.flac
expected: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself
	layer_2: veriy you oe bo un rsain oue taveiussim mas ful enthr and no shuld i fallow ol her mi's mysel
	layer_4: ver if you poe ble under san ouc taveius imisfllinde ind not shuld i fallow all her mi's my self
	layer_6: veryifyou pople understain ouctavyesid misbullinda i'm not should i follow all her muts myself
	layer_8: very few people understand octavia said miste balinda i'm not sud i follow all her mutes myself
	layer_10: very few people understand actavia said miss belinda i'm not sured i follow all her motes myself
	layer_12: very few people understand actavia said miss balinda i'm not sure d i follow all her motes myself

file: 6455-67804-0027.flac
expected: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_2: shes n as frvlenc as shee pears to vos dokt no herwa
	layer_4: she s no as frivflece as she pears to tvousegjok now her wol
	layer_6: she is not as frveuless as she apearse to thoseajoce now her wel
	layer_8: she is not as frveloss as she apears to those h jok know her well
	layer_10: she is not as frvilous as she appears to those who donk know her well
	layer_12: she is not as frivilous as she appears to those who dont know her well

file: 6455-67804-0028.flac
expected: barold stood gnawing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_2: berld sud nong his mus thashoad ma noreply he was notper comtible
	layer_4: verld suid nong his must ash an may know rply he was not very comtable
	layer_6: vearld sunong as must ash a may no rply he was not very comtable
	layer_8: vereld saknong his mustachand made no reply he was not very comortable
	layer_10: berld sanang as mustasha made no reply he was not very comortable
	layer_12: berld sanong is mustasha made no reply he was not very comortable

file: 6455-67804-0029.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by fate and rather wished he had returned to london from broadoaks instead of loitering in slowbridge
	layer_2: e fe hamsup il yus biythayt and matherbosh t a ere ternd thelenofrobotok n sittal vodring inslobricge
	layer_4: e f i him sup ill yus by fhie and mather bush te a returnto len of from botok ha sittle vloidring ind slobrage
	layer_6: ifhil him sule ill usd by fakt and mather bush the ha rechurne to lend from botocs and sid o a vloidering and slowbrage
	layer_8: hefall himself ill used by thatand mather bushd he had returned to lendo from botdoc in sed o a loydering in slowbrige
	layer_10: he fell himself ill used by fatand mather bushed he had returned to lond from botoxs instead of vloidering in slowbridge
	layer_12: he fell himself ill used by fatand mather bushed he had returned to londo from botoxs intead of vloidering in slowbridge

file: 6455-67804-0030.flac
expected: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_2: hit a mesantoff af frsd bun intime havens u pise thi pinis a meus met lou something of it dess
	layer_4: hetd a measm tof ar afirst but intime haveensap pise the fines n measement lu something of it es
	layer_6: hehad ave meshimself at afirst but in time h had been surprisd the finees n musement low something of itsesst
	layer_8: he had amuse himself at first but in time e ad been surprised to find its amusement loose something of it izes
	layer_10: he had amuzed himself at first but in time he ad been surprised to find its amusement lose something of it dizest
	layer_12: he had amuzed himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find its amusement lose something of it dizest

file: 6455-67804-0031.flac
expected: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_2: itc ducily bri form on his part i the mentlly wut tha the meng bi
	layer_4: iths dusily batd form on his part  thet mently what that ty min byt
	layer_6: it' ducily bad form on his part e tha mentaly what tet tymean by it
	layer_8: it' ducily bad form on his part eamentally what dos yo mean by it
	layer_10: it's ducily bad form on his part heid mentally what does yeu mean by it
	layer_12: it's ducily bad form on his part hetid mentally what does yeu mean by it

file: 6455-67804-0032.flac
expected: octavia on the contrary did not ask what he meant by it
	layer_2: a tave i od the cancory tino athboenyemen y
	layer_4: otav iar on the contur d in no ath wany men bit
	layer_6: octia on the constry id not ath whany ment by it
	layer_8: octavia on the contray did not ask when he ment by it
	layer_10: actavia on the contrary did not ask whan he meant by it
	layer_12: actavia on the contrary did not ask when he meant by it

file: 6455-67804-0033.flac
expected: where he ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_2: wer y j actlitt i sa woldt e net
	layer_4: where youjaclited i say whald enea
	layer_6: wher you jacolatd i say what a kne
	layer_8: where you  jaculated i say what a name
	layer_10: wherre yo jaculated i say what a name
	layer_12: wherere you ejaculated i say what a name

file: 6455-67804-0034.flac
expected: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_2: d no bserve thi andcter hrolatysi
	layer_4: i ad not bsarve thi answhr her latyshop
	layer_6: i had not bserved hit ansewer her lady ship
	layer_8: i had not obbserved it answerd her lady ship
	layer_10: i had not observed it answred her ladyship
	layer_12: i had not observed it answered her ladyship

file: 6455-67804-0035.flac
expected: but she glared at barold as he passed and beckoned to him where is lucia she demanded
	layer_2: bushe clared at bhiral the se past bcen so him wly as le shlthiiminde
	layer_4: u she glar ed at beirl the se past om becon so him wiy t as lushialshonaminded
	layer_6: but she glared at barld the se passed an beckon to him whl is lucial then amanded
	layer_8: but she glared at brreld asee passed and beckon to him what is lucial she emanded
	layer_10: bt she glared at brrold ese passed and beckoned to him what is lucia she demanded
	layer_12: but she glared at barrold esy passed and beckoned to him what is lucial she demanded

file: 6455-67804-0036.flac
expected: i saw her with burmistone half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early she turned quite pale
	layer_2: i tor her bat brmstan haf no go he eterd coin hav ye any mathich rmy other a so a tingal ant in tomar leaving hear rali tun light pal
	layer_4: isll her mut bermstan half nr go he enthwerd coling hav ye any mathigh fromy mother ashl rtrngel an into mar laving here rlyd turn clit pale
	layer_6: i se her mith burmiston half narago he answered colling have you any methage frmy mother i shal retrnal and into mar leaving here early turne uite pale
	layer_8: i sa her with burmiston half anhor ago he answered coling have you any mestage for my mother i shall return to lindinto mar leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_10: i saw herm with bermiston half an hor ago he answered colwing have you any methage for my mother i shall return to london to marr leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_12: i saw herm with burmiston half an hour ago he answered cowing have you any methage for my mother i shall return to london to mar leaving here early turned quite pale

file: 6455-67804-0037.flac
expected: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_2: whult his happitth she ast riculy hil oxsleitelys a pesd not thing whod av er he replid
	layer_4: what his happe she ast ricadly hilook sligtelys ap prisd nothing whad av ere he repliede
	layer_6: what is happe she asked richadly he look slightly supprised nothing what iber he replied
	layer_8: what his happen she asked richidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_10: what has happened she asked richadly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_12: what has happened she asked richadly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied

file: 6455-67804-0038.flac
expected: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_2: avera man her longeritn ian tindet
	layer_4: aver main her longer atn i antendet
	layer_6: iveremaine her longer it an i intended
	layer_8: i remained here longer than i intended
	layer_10: ie remained here longer than i intended
	layer_12: i ve remained here longer than i intended

file: 6455-67804-0039.flac
expected: she began to move the manacles on her right wrist
	layer_2: sho beenen mof th maucl tin oa rigt bist
	layer_4: she begead mov eh macal ten a right bist
	layer_6: she begat a move maicle hin a right bist
	layer_8: she began to move manicals an a right bist
	layer_10: she began to move mancals in er right bist
	layer_12: she began to move manicals in her right bist

file: 6455-67804-0040.flac
expected: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_2: she hd not  rut lusho up ander her on i for lothing
	layer_4: she ha not brutlysu up andther her on iy fornlothing
	layer_6: she had not broghlusia up under her own eye foren othing
	layer_8: she had not brougt lusia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_10: she had not brouht lucha up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_12: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing

file: 6455-67803-0000.flac
expected: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_2: chaptes whone thre my i go
	layer_4: chapt er's when e three may i go
	layer_6: chapters ene e three may i go
	layer_8: chapter wenty three may i go
	layer_10: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_12: chapter twenty three may i go

file: 6455-67803-0001.flac
expected: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_2: the very day afterethis atavey opbenthef fortonk
	layer_4: the very day after this otaveiyoa opend eo fort trung
	layer_6: the very day after this alctavia openedt o forth trunk
	layer_8: the very day after this otavia opened he forth trunk
	layer_10: the very day after this otavia opened the forth trunk
	layer_12: the very day after this atavia opened te forth trunk

file: 6455-67803-0002.flac
expected: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugald binnie is at oldclough who is he
	layer_2: av hitently something atd hapingd o tav iu toe sid miste d oled beeny is er ld low who wisse
	layer_4: a ehe ently sometting atd happaingd aotaveiush oes said mister docoled beny is at old clow who ws she
	layer_6: aidently something at happened octavyes he said mister ducaled beny is at old clow who as she
	layer_8: evidently something had happened octaveia she said mister dugkle benny is a old clow who is he
	layer_10: evidently something had happened octaveia she said mister dunkle binny is at old clow who is he
	layer_12: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dunkle binny is at old clow who is he

file: 6455-67803-0003.flac
expected: he is my grand uncle explained lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_2: he as mi an ongl exlym mushar hom melesle he hads ad grae deal of mony
	layer_4: he has my gran ungle exlain lushur hemmelissly her hads  grae deal of mony
	layer_6: he has my gran uncle exlain lucia chamulusly her has great deal of money
	layer_8: he as my grant uncle explaimed lucia chemulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_10: he is my gran uncle exclaimed lucha tremulously her has a great deal of money
	layer_12: he is my grand uncle explaimed lucha tremulously he has a great deal of money

file: 6455-67803-0004.flac
expected: i do not quite understand grandmamma octavia she said
	layer_2: adi o kli an er stak re ma mot t ave ea she sad
	layer_4: at id ut quy andher stagerem amauk teive iu she said
	layer_6: i did no't guit undher stakeritmamaktvfi she said
	layer_8: i did not quite nderstaram mamak tyvia she said
	layer_10: i did not quite understake a mamaed tavia she said
	layer_12: i did not quite understak a mamaked tavia she said

file: 6455-67803-0005.flac
expected: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_2: lae ni e cint mireron the thockto me an is modich ca gin an ol
	layer_4: las nish cinto mi ren the torkto me and his motish cala in an o
	layer_6: last nich cantomy rom the talkto me and this mornish cam again an oh
	layer_8: last nighthe came to my rom thot talk to me and this mornishe came agan and oh
	layer_10: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this mornin she came again and oh
	layer_12: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh

file: 6455-67803-0006.flac
expected: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_2: she brogor a dignitwy hocudcthis tict mein ecu maner
	layer_4: she brog are andignatly how coudche spict me an suchamaner
	layer_6: she brog out indignatly how could she spickedt me in such a manner
	layer_8: she brugg out indignantly how could she spick to me in such a manner
	layer_10: she broke out indignantly how could she spick to me in such a manner
	layer_12: she broke out indignantly how could she speick to me in such a manner

file: 6455-67803-0007.flac
expected: what did you understand
	layer_2: what the jou en her sad
	layer_4: what the yu wendher sind
	layer_6: what thi you wind er sand
	layer_8: what did you undersand
	layer_10: what did you undersand
	layer_12: what did you understand

file: 6455-67803-0008.flac
expected: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister binnie may leave me his money
	layer_2: amg ren aftor a myar e tis not tar frme and like my ol a thraptitvin e hobla hou l con te sen to mariy cof misterany ma wdheae me is moning
	layer_4: i hamgo rune agter amaare ho dis not thar frme and make my suf a trapd it in the ho btat he l conde sein to marinly couls mister pany ma wildate me his mony
	layer_6: i am to run after a mar he does not tare for me and make my self atraped it win the hopelat he will condessen to marrime becaus mister benny may lleaf me his money
	layer_8: i am to run after a man who does not tare for me and make myself a traptiv hin the hope tat he will condecend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_10: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attraptive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_12: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself atraptive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money

file: 6455-67803-0009.flac
expected: do you wonder that it took even lady theobald a long time to say that
	layer_2: dyou ntherta it toivemady the  a lon time the say tha
	layer_4: do you onther d al it tuok ivemady teao on along time the say that
	layer_6: do you wondr hal it tok ive mady thee a ol a long time tho say that
	layer_8: do you wonder that it took even mitdy thiabolt a long time to say that
	layer_10: do you wonder that it tok even mii thiabal a long time to say that
	layer_12: do you wonder that it took even midy thiabal a long time to say that

file: 6455-67803-0010.flac
expected: well remarked octavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_2: let r mr tont tave yut e wion do itusupos i oid it mory
	layer_4: lelt ar maktoun't teave yu eo bile do t isupos i would it mory
	layer_6: le armo doun tave yu ou wiln' do it i suppose i would n't wery
	layer_8: lell remonke unc tevi you wiln't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_10: well remarcked unc teyi you win't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_12: well remarked unc tevya you wiln't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry

file: 6455-67803-0011.flac
expected: oh i always knew it i didn't guess
	layer_2: ol i ol ays dou ani ian gese
	layer_4: al i always nou ep i dit an ges
	layer_6: oh i always newi i did on't guess
	layer_8: oh i always knew im i didn't guess
	layer_10: oh i always knew im i didn't guess
	layer_12: oh i always knew it i didn't guess

file: 6455-67803-0012.flac
expected: and she smiled ever so faintly
	layer_2: thit shuseaud eversratly
	layer_4: thit shesmlt every sar thagtely
	layer_6: he hus mild every seid vaitly
	layer_8: that shu smiled every so vately
	layer_10: that she smieled every so faintly
	layer_12: that she smeled every so faintly

file: 6455-67803-0013.flac
expected: that is one of the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_2: that t womthe risend lwshe lodes meso she aden
	layer_4: that s t we the reasnd wiy she lod s me so she adde
	layer_6: that s hime the reasons wy she lodes me so she added
	layer_8: that is when the reasons why she lowdes me so she added
	layer_10: that is hn the reasons why she lodes me so she added
	layer_12: that is he the reasons why she loades me so she added

file: 6455-67803-0014.flac
expected: lucia thought deeply for a moment she recognized all at once several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_2: meshoauld thoud tee leforbomit she recens allet wies serverl thing shadminmis to fid biv ofor
	layer_4: bleshoul thout teeply forbeamit she recanisd all ut wies severl thing che had me mis tefied bivebefore
	layer_6: lesiauld tought deeply forbumit she reconized all at wies several thing she had been mister fied byibebefore
	layer_8: licha thought deeply forbimete she recognized all at wives several things she had been mistified by before
	layer_10: lisha thought deeply forbumit she recognized all at wlies several things she had been mistified by before
	layer_12: licha thought deeply forbumit she recognized all at wlivs several things she had been mistified by before

file: 6455-67803-0015.flac
expected: octavia smiled a little again
	layer_2: ak tavtius mn woildrao aget
	layer_4: otavious man wilt al agait
	layer_6: octavias mn littal again
	layer_8: actavias md littl again
	layer_10: actavia smlnd little again
	layer_12: actavia smilnd little again

file: 6455-67803-0016.flac
expected: lucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_2: mes a sat thingking her hans clasfetely
	layer_4: mush ea sat thinking her hans clasp tidly
	layer_6: musia sat thinking her hand's clasped tiely
	layer_8: mustia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_10: muscia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_12: musia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly

file: 6455-67803-0017.flac
expected: i am glad i came here she said at length
	layer_2: imglagt i came iur sh sad at lig
	layer_4: i'm glagt i came yarshosaid at lae
	layer_6: i 'am glat i came here she said at lape
	layer_8: i 'am glad i came here she said at lape
	layer_10: i'm glad i came here she said at lape
	layer_12: i'm glad i came here she said at lape

file: 6455-67803-0018.flac
expected: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: i cinge shln never be effrt offoray mor
	layer_4: i tink eshlnever be effrat o er any mor
	layer_6: i think i shal never be afraid of er any more
	layer_8: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0019.flac
expected: her delicate nostrils were dilated she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_2: hr delicit nastral a dhilidn ishe helther headu her brath came vast ther as a int oaf eiful titon an o te
	layer_4: her delicet nostral we dalladt endis he helther head up her brath camed fast thewas a hint o eiful titioen anerto
	layer_6: her delicat nostrl wid aladted is she hel her head up her breath came fast tewas a hint of egrfultatiant in herton
	layer_8: her delicate nostrals wat ilated as she held her head up her breath came fast the was a hint of egfultationt in her tone
	layer_10: her delicate nostrils wa dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there as a hint of egfoltation in her tone
	layer_12: her delicate nostrils wer dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egfultation in her tone

file: 6455-67803-0020.flac
expected: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_2: shwatd very ths afrshe lot the heuse
	layer_4: she wiaked very tass avfer she let the house
	layer_6: she walked very tast affer she left the house
	layer_8: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_10: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_12: she walked very fast after she left the house

file: 6455-67803-0021.flac
expected: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_2: bet it was noa ginsthim thaut lusie ors inthegnatan wit aroudsd
	layer_4: but it was notaginsthim that lushias intignathilne wish aroutst
	layer_6: but it was not against him that luce as indignation wath arousd
	layer_8: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was arroused
	layer_10: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was arroused
	layer_12: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was arroused

file: 6455-67803-0022.flac
expected: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_2: she wonder theaf he at herd o lasworts he fant i to hat
	layer_4: she wonder that he eat heard her las worts e fancsitho had
	layer_6: she wonder thif he had heard her las words he fancy to had
	layer_8: she wondered if he had heard her last words he fanced to had
	layer_10: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied i had
	layer_12: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancid i had

file: 6455-67803-0023.flac
expected: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_2: ye to coll iv er shaknlittl ho nd ook thouna her ex tit ied face
	layer_4: you tok hollive or shakn tittle han and looked touna her xtited face
	layer_6: you took hol over shaking little han and looke down a her extided face
	layer_8: you took hole over shaking little hand and looked down at her extited face
	layer_10: you took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_12: you took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face

file: 6455-67803-0024.flac
expected: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_2: i engery hisid geave never so e engry wle for
	layer_4: i am enger ho said yeave never s ne engry wa fore
	layer_6: i am engery she said yave never so me angry wefor
	layer_8: i am angury she said yu ave never seen me angry before
	layer_10: i am angry she said you have never sen me angry before
	layer_12: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before

file: 6455-67803-0025.flac
expected: i am on my way to my to lady theobald
	layer_2: am a mywy t migt thlity the iblet
	layer_4: a'm aomy way to mye tlady theablt
	layer_6: i'm aol my way to my tolady thiabled
	layer_8: i am o my way to my to lady theabolt
	layer_10: i am on my way to my to lady theabolt
	layer_12: i am on my way to my to lady theabolt

file: 6455-67803-0026.flac
expected: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_2: he holter h as com le as be for
	layer_4: he hild er han as comly as before
	layer_6: he held her hand as comly as before
	layer_8: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_10: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_12: he held her hand as calmly as before

file: 6455-67803-0027.flac
expected: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_2: whalt yoeu won i ade her he as she lafh togin
	layer_4: what o you won as sader her he ast she laf togin
	layer_6: what you wenes say to her he asked she laughed agin
	layer_8: what a you win i say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_10: what re you goin to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_12: what are you gin to say to her he asked she laughed again

file: 6455-67803-0028.flac
expected: he held her hand rather closer
	layer_2: elther han rothercluser
	layer_4: helder han rather cliser
	layer_6: held her han rather cliser
	layer_8: held her hand rather cliser
	layer_10: held her hand rather closer
	layer_12: held her hand rather closer

file: 6455-67803-0029.flac
expected: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_2: she has ma you veri angry sa
	layer_4: she as mad you very engry si
	layer_6: she has made you very angry said
	layer_8: she has made you very angry said
	layer_10: she has made you very angry hesaid
	layer_12: she has made you very angry he said

file: 6455-67803-0030.flac
expected: and then almost before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_2: and thein imus teforsho new whia she as toing sh us poring foreh the hol of restoy eve mar  it then shait hall ut taviu
	layer_4: and then i mast the forshi knew wats she was doig she as poring fort the holl oferstoy evemore of it than she at holl otiviou
	layer_6: and then i must be fore she knew what she was doing she was poring forth the wholiver stoy even more of it than she had tol ativia
	layer_8: and then i mas before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whol of er story even more of it than she had tol autivia
	layer_10: and then i was before she knew what she was doing she was poring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told activia
	layer_12: and then i was before she knew what she was doing she was poring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told activia

file: 6455-67803-0031.flac
expected: lucia he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobald you she said with a little start
	layer_2: bu shalr he ar o wisto wre let me go anthack wit tlaty the abld yu sh ous em it littlel str
	layer_4: b shale he said i wishdy he let me go antalk with lady the ablt youshis oe itd little start
	layer_6: luciae he said i wish you wun let me go and tak with lady theabolt oushes a it little start
	layer_8: wushal he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady thabolt yuses and ith little start
	layer_10: lushal he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theabolt usean with little start
	layer_12: lushal he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theabolt uses and with little start

file: 6455-67803-0032.flac
expected: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_2: jea she hantert ot me gudo her
	layer_4: jes anterd went me god o her
	layer_6: jes he answered whant me go to her
	layer_8: jes he answered wet me go to her
	layer_10: jes he answered let me go to her
	layer_12: jes he answered let me go to her

file: 6455-67803-0033.flac
expected: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you need never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: if you will s yus ti dha i e cim omese bat yoummeean never be afraetof herting mor
	layer_4: if you willsay yus to that i hi ecin omece but youmennevr be afrat of herd ing more
	layer_6: if you wil say yes to that i thin iconpomince but you neenever be a frat of her iing more
	layer_8: if you will say yes to that i think i can pomas but you need never be afraid of huar ayng more
	layer_10: if you will say yes to that i hink i can prommos but you neednever be afraid of hur atyn more
	layer_12: if you will say yes to that i think i can prommos but you neednever be afraid of hurt atyn more

file: 6455-67803-0034.flac
expected: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_2: the eares coller thyt oveorcheks in the teuras res to her as
	layer_4: the ters coler titolever cheks in the teurisrushe to her ese
	layer_6: the fiers colored dhit aeever cheeks in the tears rush to her eyes
	layer_8: the fierset color die out of her cheeks n the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_10: the fierecet color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_12: the fierecet color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes

file: 6455-67803-0035.flac
expected: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_2: shmas er as withebat thadeok
	layer_4: shpaes here tase withe be thetter wok
	layer_6: shpaed her tayse with a bathetic wok
	layer_8: sh baed her tase with a mahettic wok
	layer_10: she razed her face with a pathetic wok
	layer_12: she raized her face with a pathetic wok

file: 6455-67803-0036.flac
expected: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his quietest way
	layer_2: in tespratle lov with te pe entedin tes quie es way
	layer_4: im despratle love wit theu he enferdin thes quieis way
	layer_6: i'm disperatelyn love with you he anferd in this quieus way
	layer_8: i'am desperately in love with you he anwered in his quiehest way
	layer_10: i'am desperately in love with you he answered in this quietest way
	layer_12: i 'am desperately in love with you he answered in this quietest way

file: 6455-66379-0000.flac
expected: hallo colonel how d'ye sell your wood this time
	layer_2: il o cn hidya ty ou wookt this tine
	layer_4: ilo con hodya tl your wod this tie
	layer_6: alow conol how dyou ol your wood this time
	layer_8: allow colnel how deou sell your wood this time
	layer_10: allow krnel how doyou sel your wood this time
	layer_12: allow konel how d yu sell your wood this time

file: 6455-66379-0001.flac
expected: why capting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the d l
	layer_2: whike atting wy mus tug you trenacorter the stime thet thol
	layer_4: whye ating we mus chart youhreen acorter thistime the tou
	layer_6: whyke atthing we must jhared you treen a corter this time the do
	layer_8: why athing we must charge you threen a carter this time the do
	layer_10: why ating we must charge you three n a quarter this time the do
	layer_12: wy cating we must charge you three in a quarter this time the do

file: 6455-66379-0002.flac
expected: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_2: supper wasoverend hir retire to mit uperberth t chweitat long sidend ofero lok in the braaple wre thef cain t deaplean gage havi no the ofer pli as as pincibl  pounit
	layer_4: supper was ever ad i retirt to mat uperburth thachwhad at long sid en over lookin the bractapble were the caping with deeply aingage heavi no the other pily as ofs pincibl apon it
	layer_6: supper was over and i retired to mate upper birth tuchwated long side and over looking the bracktaple were the captin with deeply ingage havingnow the other pily as is princible apponit
	layer_8: supper was over and i retired to met upper birth suchuated long side and overlooking the brack table where the captain wath deeply engaged having now the other pilyt as his principale apponet
	layer_10: supper was over and i retired to ma upper birth sictuated along side an overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilet as his principal opponent
	layer_12: supper was over and i retired to mi upper birth sicuated along side an overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilt as his principal opponent

file: 6455-66379-0003.flac
expected: head her in shore then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_2: haderinshaoe then tentakeinsx k wre thef iltdsgoot te do iat tot nachanvar wally the gamnowis iding mery  or
	layer_4: had er in sort then antikin sx whare ther bid sgoo sedo at tomsin acan ver woldev the ga now is coutting mrt aworm
	layer_6: had her in sor then andtakenin sixc warthof bidsgood see do it tompson a cant ver well leave the game now is cedting miright wrm
	layer_8: had ther inr then and takening six worh abit's good se o it tomson i can very ell leave the game now is getting mrght warm
	layer_10: had er in sre then an takeing sixwors of its good see do it thompson i can't verywell leave the game now it's getting riht wrm
	layer_12: had her in shore then an taking sixword of its good see do it thompson i can't very well leve the game now its getting right warm

file: 6455-66379-0004.flac
expected: this pilot's beating us all to smash the wooding completed we paddled on again
	layer_2: this polids beviits all thesmash the woaldty complitido wepattl onage
	layer_4: this polid's bethin aus all the smash the woadi complited o we patle on agi
	layer_6: this pallos beating s all thismashd the wode complate o we pattle ona get
	layer_8: this pallots beadig us all thismash the wody completed we pattle on oget
	layer_10: this polets beatin is all thismashed the woody completed we paddle on agi
	layer_12: this polets beating is all thismashed the woody completed we paddled on age

file: 6455-66379-0005.flac
expected: they were anxious to learn the game and they did learn it
	layer_2: ther insu steoe varnd the game and they dilartit
	layer_4: tere ensa steo varnd the game and they di lartit
	layer_6: theire enxestolarned the game and they didlerd it
	layer_8: theiwre anxes to learn the game and they did lert it
	layer_10: they 're anxious to learn the game and they did lert it
	layer_12: they're anxious to learn the game and they did lert it

file: 6455-66379-0006.flac
expected: still with all these disadvantages they continued playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_2: stil wit all veyste siva anges theikcintinyeupling her on it to larn bhaga
	layer_4: stil with all vhes a s ivanages theyt cintin yu pling tlheug wone it som larned tegame
	layer_6: still with all these as af manages thy continu pling theyre wane it so learned begam
	layer_8: still with all these es ofvantages the continue playng they wanted to learn begame
	layer_10: still with all these disadvantages they continue playng they wanted to learn thegane
	layer_12: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the gane

file: 6455-66379-0007.flac
expected: oh pretty glibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are obliged to keep the middle of the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_2: ow prtikglidbly ser wre pie the ma wi hin sceircely hell wa hadba be arma ing for eur bli to hep thenit al e giver and theris a shud of of falgresi
	layer_4: ot prtigliblys ser replie the mat wie in scarcely tel wehadba we armake ing for weouar  blie to heep ha ite l the gover and the is lha shedoofe o faogreasi
	layer_6: elprediculibily's sir replied the mate we an scaricely tell wha headboy we are making for we a e bla to keap then it ald thegover and there is the shedtoof a fogrizig
	layer_8: elprticulibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headbwy we are making for we are blaged to keep themit old thegover and there is the shedow of a fog rizing
	layer_10: a preticulibbly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are abliged to keep the midol thegover and there is the shaddow of a fog rising
	layer_12: e pereticglibbly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are abliged to keep the midol the gover and there is the shaddow of a fog rising

file: 6455-66379-0008.flac
expected: this wood seems rather better than that we took in at yellow face's but we're nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_2: thiswitsims roferbeter n that y to conay gelofacses but wornigaly otagen a muspeloking oufrmor
	layer_4: this wits hims rafor bether han that wy to cony galofaces but wer ning aly outagin an must belooking out fr mor
	layer_6: this wits hms rag ford bether than that we took an ta gellow faces but worndningaleout agin and must be looking out for more
	layer_8: this wit sems rau erd bether than that we took any gellow faces but werninga leout again and must be looking out for mor
	layer_10: this wit seems rather beter than that we took in t yellow faces but wer ning a le out again and must be looking out for mor
	layer_12: this wit seems rather better than that we took in the yellow faces but werning a le out again and must be looking out for mor

file: 6455-66379-0009.flac
expected: i saw a light just ahead on the right shall we hail
	layer_2: i s al wigtd dos the halwn the breat shal we hal
	layer_4: i s aillid jus or hwln the brate shall we hal
	layer_6: i's ill lit just tahon the brat shall we hal
	layer_8: as i'l lit just ta hon the brae shall e hel
	layer_10: a's i'l lit just a hn the bra shall we haile
	layer_12: as i'll lit i just a han the bra shall we haile

file: 6455-66379-0010.flac
expected: yes yes replied the captain ring the bell and ask em what's the price of wood up here
	layer_2: jasees werpiy the capt then eim the beln afomics th hi e a wolt oppeur
	layer_4: jyasias were pye the cap ban rim the bel an agtomuts h pherce of woldt aper
	layer_6: jaciest wrepyed the captan ramd the bellin aftln matc's the parshe of wat apper
	layer_8: jyassyes repied the capan reimed the bell and ahiwat's the parth of wd appear
	layer_10: yess yes replied the captain reimn the bell and ao mats the parths of wood appar
	layer_12: yess yes replied the captain greimne the bell and afomat's the parth of wood appar

file: 6455-66379-0011.flac
expected: i've got you again here's double kings
	layer_2: i hat youly an ers touble kints
	layer_4: i ht youly han hehrs eblekings
	layer_6: i foat youly id hers eble kings
	layer_8: i hought yulianhers eble kings
	layer_10: i hought youlian her devle kings
	layer_12: i hought yulii her devle kings

file: 6455-66379-0012.flac
expected: deal sir if you please better luck next time
	layer_2: teil servf ye plas ben al akclextime
	layer_4: tl sr f fye plaise ben tr look lex time
	layer_6: tel sir if you plase ben re luk lexs time
	layer_8: tdeal sir if you please bente lucklex time
	layer_10: tdeal sir if you please bentr lucklex time
	layer_12: teal sir if you please bente luclex time

file: 6455-66379-0013.flac
expected: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_2: the ot apelts woasif thae gan hero deck how wa chadyou
	layer_4: the os er poltes woys of he gain her a deck how mach abe you
	layer_6: the other pout's voics of again her on deck how much have you
	layer_8: the other polet's voic wos again herd on deck how much have you
	layer_10: the other piolet's voicews again hurd on deck how much have you
	layer_12: the other pilet's voicewas again hurd on deck how much have you

file: 6455-66379-0014.flac
expected: only about ten cords sir was the reply of the youthful salesman
	layer_2: nle bout ctoncort ser was were plivd they youthful silemen
	layer_4: nle bout tencort ser was wreplive the youthful sailemen
	layer_6: onlybout tonkort sir was replived the youthful sailemen
	layer_8: only about ton cort sir was replied the youthful saleman
	layer_10: only about tencort sir was replied the youthful saldman
	layer_12: only about ten cort sir was replied the youthful salman

file: 6455-66379-0015.flac
expected: the captain here told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_2: bhe appen hearitl tomsin de tik suxcord which wuallast o lyligt in agenterntie thetencen to the gaim
	layer_4: bhe c appen herital tomsindtik sixcourd which wil last o leay light in againt ern it the tentionto the game
	layer_6: thecappin herital tomsinda tak sixcords which wil lasto lay light and agan turn od thetention to the game
	layer_8: the cappin here atl tomsinde takes sixcords which woud last i lay light and again turnd hi attention to the game
	layer_10: the captain hereatol tom sinde takes six cords which wuld last ti laylight and again turne his attention to the game
	layer_12: the captain here atoll thom sinde takes six cords which wuld last ti laylight and again turn his attention to the game

file: 6455-66379-0016.flac
expected: the pilots here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_2: thupalit sere change wlaces when did thyslate
	layer_4: the palet s ere change laces whene did thy slep
	layer_6: the palets ear change places whene did they sleep
	layer_8: the palats he are change places whene did they sleep
	layer_10: the pilets here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_12: the pilots here changed places when did they sleep

file: 6455-66379-0017.flac
expected: wood taken in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the stream paddling on as usual day at length dawned
	layer_2: withikcenen techarofvan again toer placs in the mitralf the sreme powling onas ul gay at laindon
	layer_4: withacan en the car ovf an agan togerplace in the miterlvf the srem powling on as usal day utling don
	layer_6: whitha can in the carivan agan too her place in the miderl of the shram powdling on has ujal dayat length done
	layer_8: witak an in the carovan agan took her place in the midel of the shream powdling on as usual day at length dawn
	layer_10: woit tak an en the carovan again took her place in the middrle of the stream powdling on as usual day at length dawnd
	layer_12: wit take an en the carovan again took her place in the middle of the stream powdling on as usual day at length dawned

file: 6455-66379-0018.flac
expected: i had risen and went out with the captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_2: id wrisen om wr out withe capen ton jov yeur the blups
	layer_4: i ad risen e wernt out with a capntwo in joy f y rf the blfs
	layer_6: i had risen an went out with a capten to enjoy of you of the blofhs
	layer_8: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy of vyou of the blufs
	layer_10: i had risen and went out with ta captan to enjoy a vew of the blufs
	layer_12: i had risen and went out with ta captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs

file: 6455-66379-0019.flac
expected: there it is exclaimed the captain stop her
	layer_2: tyrd is exlein the hauptan stoper
	layer_4: tlheyridis exclein thechatan stoper
	layer_6: therdis exclin the captin stoper
	layer_8: tlerts exclaimd the captain stopper
	layer_10: thert is exclaime the captain stop her
	layer_12: there it is exclaimed the captain stop her

file: 1686-142278-0000.flac
expected: he was gone
	layer_2: he whas on
	layer_4: he was gon
	layer_6: he was gon
	layer_8: he was gone
	layer_10: he was gone
	layer_12: he was gone

file: 1686-142278-0001.flac
expected: no more deep blue skies or crimson and amber tints
	layer_2: no waldepe uscise o pchimsana th tints
	layer_4: no wa dep  luscise of imsan nam thetince
	layer_6: no mor deeplu skis o hims an nametenc
	layer_8: no more deep lu skyes ohims an nambatins
	layer_10: no more deep blue skyes o imsan n ambetins
	layer_12: no more deep blue skyes o imsan an ambetins

file: 1686-142278-0002.flac
expected: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her thinking over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_2: she sut by r self at the fir whieth un lieto canddiles on the tabl byhinedr hange ols rf the day the hape wok hape scathing jhafle pes n din and hon comftofbl misrble wokon he gardnm
	layer_4: she sad by ha self at the fie with unlighted candle on the table behinder an gen olv rh the day the happiwak hapy scatching cjhaiful pesn dinor and the ancomftavle misrble wolken the garden
	layer_6: she sad by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her and gin over the day the happy walk happy scetching chaful pleasan dinner and the uncomnfotable miserable wolk in the garden
	layer_8: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her andgin over the day the happy walk happy sketching charful pleasan dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_10: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her andging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_12: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her and gin over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden

file: 1686-142278-0003.flac
expected: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if briefs success and all its superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_2: hare was she dostrben than hapfy he cos er rinseting har mae any thiy lha to efusof him bosibl whale he not many minets alfto ha met writhe lrejection al what od wo ben the depes thoise wiepos alof his life cuspeg as of its brece suxes andn ol ha sple fihialcoms iqencos of ee goet has cnavern a grable esity wir the sllavardt ojec om his tis is adar
	layer_4: har was she distirbdrin than hafi he cose e rinsting herd mave anything licho efus of in posibl whilel he not many mines afto he hadmed withe rejectiono what ordwe ben the deepest holiuas breposal of his life cuspek as if it's priece suxess and olasopeficial comsequenc is of a good haues cnever n agreable tosity wit the sollavord objecs of his tes ies odar
	layer_6: here was she disterbed in than hapfiy ecause he rincsting hard made anything buth ao efuseo impossible while he not many minuse after he hadmet withtha regection or what ordwhave been the deepest holieus reposealof his life cuspeak as if its briece success and a i suporficial comsequences of a good haues cnever in agreable tociety wirth a so l avout objects on his desiyors o dear
	layer_8: here was she disturbed ad an happy because her instinc had made anything but a refuseal impossible while he not many minus after he had met with ha rejection of what ordehave been the deepest holliyest proposal of his life cou speak as if it's briefs success and all his superficial consequences of a good hoause clnever n agreeble society werth a soul avoud objects on his desirs oh dear
	layer_10: here was she disturbed and un happy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible whell he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ord have been the deepest holliest proposal of his life could speak as if it's brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever an agreeable society werte te soul avoud objects on his desires oh dear
	layer_12: here was she disturbed and un happy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible will he not many minutes after he had met with ha rejection of what ord have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if it's brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever an agreeable society wire te sol avowd objects on his desires oh dear

file: 1686-142278-0004.flac
expected: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_2: ha mothe caming to the rom befuor dhis wol of taus wah the justid in tianyth thing ly orter
	layer_4: ha mothe came ing to the room befur dis worle of thous with ha justed into anye thing like order
	layer_6: amover came ingto the room before this worl of thoust with a justed into anything like order
	layer_8: her mother came into the room before this woirl of thoust was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_10: her mother came into the room before this world of thogs was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_12: her mother came into the room before this world of thougs was adjusted into anything like order

file: 1686-142278-0005.flac
expected: mister hale sipped his tea in abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_2: mistor hayaol sit histee in nuchrict etsilens moveret heathe risponses l to heself
	layer_4: istor hale siptd his the inuchtract etsilens mageret headthe responses alto hiself
	layer_6: mister hal siped histe inajract ed silenc margaret heathe responces al to herself
	layer_8: mister hale sipped histe an astracted silence marbaret ha the responses all to herself
	layer_10: mister hale sipped his tea an abxstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_12: mister hale sipped his tee an abxtracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself

file: 1686-142278-0006.flac
expected: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_2: she foar got that he had not ma then me ofer
	layer_4: she for got that he had not maie than enorfer
	layer_6: she forgot that he had not maid the thern offr
	layer_8: she forgot that he had not made them ten offer
	layer_10: she forgot that he had not made them en offer
	layer_12: she forgot that he had not made them enoffer

file: 1686-142278-0007.flac
expected: margaret was preparing her mother's worsted work and rather shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_2: mogrt was wreparing hom lothis wrst if wak ad r all the sringking fomn  foght of the lo eming ind wishen bet ti wa con thesshem my go vho the ifance ofdhe dagan
	layer_4: margret was wereparing hem mothis wrstivd work and rald the srinkin from th thought of the long eening aind wihin bet tie wre con tha she my go ov e the iv ence of the dayagin
	layer_6: morgaret was wreparing her mother's worsted work and rall the shringking from he thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come thast she my gor ovetr the evence of the day again
	layer_8: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and all the shring kamge from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_10: margaret was prepairing her mother's worsted work and wall the shrink kame from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime wore come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_12: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and wall the shrink came from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the events of the day again

file: 1686-142278-0008.flac
expected: margaret
	layer_2: loet
	layer_4: loprt
	layer_6: morkrs
	layer_8: margrs
	layer_10: margrts
	layer_12: margarts

file: 1686-142278-0009.flac
expected: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_2: oon spetvutsom thn veor seee misstesal
	layer_4: oane spet youvotson thinvery semis to hrsa
	layer_6: wonto speak t you bout some thin very see miss to a so
	layer_8: i wanto speak to you about something very see mois to sa
	layer_10: i want to speak to you about something very seamos to usa
	layer_12: i want to speak to you about something very seamous to usa

file: 1686-142278-0010.flac
expected: very serious to us all
	layer_2: thermly seris to sal
	layer_4: tery seres to sol
	layer_6: verry searis to a soul
	layer_8: very seroust to a soul
	layer_10: very cerious to a soul
	layer_12: very cerious to a soul

file: 1686-142278-0011.flac
expected: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any private conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_2: mis to lenexs a thever ha the ope unlit of arnin any pyed co tle satiun with er fal ther of to ho refusl ore al s thad would inde be av very se mhis of fr
	layer_4: misto lenexs a never had they opeunlity of hming anypie conlhe sation with a father ofto hr refesal ore al sthad whuld indee b a very se ris of fare
	layer_6: mister lenics a never had they opeunlity of heming any poied comlisation with a father ofter her refusol or ells that would indee by a very series affair
	layer_8: mister lenic ha never had the opporcunity of having any poi't comvesation with h father after her refusal or else that would indeed b a very serious affair
	layer_10: mister lenox had never had the opportunity of having any pimt convessation with he father after he refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_12: mister lenox had never had the opportunity of having any pimat comvessation with he father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair

file: 1686-142278-0012.flac
expected: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_2: bat she son felt ir was notof bot anyting whicheving only latle an suily oa grd could have given lise towin he com pocadid tats hat a fal thr wis us spato her
	layer_4: but she soen felt it was not o out anything which having only latlean sud ly agurd could have given rise to any com pigatid thouts that a fathe wishd aspekto her
	layer_6: but she soon felt it was not a out anything which having only latelyand suddenly acgurd could have given rised to any complicated thoughts that a fatherwishe to speak to her
	layer_8: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only latly and suddenly occured could have given rie to any complicatied thoughts that er father wishd to speak to her
	layer_10: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rie to any complicated thoughts that her father wishd to speak to her
	layer_12: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her

file: 1686-142278-0013.flac
expected: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_2: mis thi hal dhe not ans of form ma doter
	layer_4: mis tho haldid not ans offor  me doto
	layer_6: mister heil did not anser for  mina dohto
	layer_8: mister hal did not answer for a minued ugter
	layer_10: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_12: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two

file: 1686-142278-0014.flac
expected: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_2: algrt could not ba the sihteo the suspens wit h wsevwan modhistressing to ha farthethanto hselvf
	layer_4: argrt ould nod bay the sihto the sinspiencs wich wstheven mor destressing to have fathat andto heself
	layer_6: margaret could not bay the sight of the suspence which was even more destressing to hare fathert anto herself
	layer_8: margaret could not beay the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_10: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_12: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself

file: 1686-142278-0015.flac
expected: but why dear papa do tell me
	layer_2: but we die far dimtolme
	layer_4: but w diporar dim telme
	layer_6: but whyi dop ofiurt don' t eld me
	layer_8: but why da paa don't ell me
	layer_10: but why dear papa don't tell me
	layer_12: but why dear papa don't tell me

file: 1686-142278-0016.flac
expected: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_2: becas ie mus no lon gof bi minister in the chrch of ing lond
	layer_4: becas im must no long of bem minester in the church of vingent
	layer_6: because i must no long of be aminister in the church of engulant
	layer_8: because i must no longer be aminister in the church of england
	layer_10: because i must no longer be aminister in the church of england
	layer_12: because i must no longer be aminister in the church of england

file: 1686-142278-0017.flac
expected: but nothing to the shock she received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_2: thed nothing to ther shaltu reseaprong his to haos laspage what could ye mam
	layer_4: thad nothing to the shote resee prom this to hals laspace what coul he men
	layer_6: tut nothing to the shocthe reced from mister hals laspach what could he mean
	layer_8: but nothing to the shosue received from mister hal's la speech what could he mean
	layer_10: but nothing to the shok shu received from mister hale's las speech what could he mean
	layer_12: but nothing to the shock shu received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean

file: 1686-142278-0018.flac
expected: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_2: it was all h wes for bingso ristirus
	layer_4: it was ol he wrs for bing so risterious
	layer_6: it was all he wors for being so rsterious
	layer_8: it was all he worse for being so rsterious
	layer_10: it was all the worse for being so ysterious
	layer_12: it was all the worse for being so rysterious

file: 1686-142278-0019.flac
expected: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_2: wha kin ye no long ofbe a clatioen
	layer_4: whi kin you knolong o be aclaumen
	layer_6: wha can you know longer be aclea uman
	layer_8: why can you no longer be a clereman
	layer_10: why can you no longer be a cleryman
	layer_12: why can you no longer be a clergyman

file: 1686-142278-0020.flac
expected: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard unjust
	layer_2: soly the bishu wetal alwing mor bu firy and the hard in just
	layer_4: sholy i the bishald watol allwingmo abut fery and the hard in just
	layer_6: shurly if the bicio wut al alwing no about fedry and the heard an just
	layer_8: surely if the bishop wat all all we know about federy and the hard and just
	layer_10: surely if the bishop wat all all we know about frederick and the hard and just
	layer_12: surely if the bishop wat all all we know about frederick and the hard and just

file: 1686-142278-0021.flac
expected: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_2: logret i wll telyou bates
	layer_4: lagret i will tell you bouted
	layer_6: largaret i will tell youabout it
	layer_8: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_10: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_12: margaret i will tell you about it

file: 1686-142278-0022.flac
expected: i will answer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_2: r re lonso any quessties thisoncs thut of te to nik nlhates nr te speecovitigain
	layer_4: relonceo any questirs this once that ofte to nit letas nebe speek of itagain
	layer_6: relans or any questeres this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_8: i relancsr any questures this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_10: a relancer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_12: a relancwer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again

file: 1686-142278-0023.flac
expected: i can meet the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering
	layer_2: i chinle the conct quencsas o my painfle nmisrabl dhouts but i is e nefat beon me tospeeakale what has casmy so wiedsuffring
	layer_4: i can ned the concsquenses oft my painful nmisrable douts but it is an ag fed beyon me ta speeaka what has cals me so ntsuffring
	layer_6: i can ned the concequences of my painful misurable doubts but it is anegfout beyon me to speaka what has calls me so mn s uffering
	layer_8: i can ned the consequences of my painful misurable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has calls me so me suffering
	layer_10: i can need the consequences of my painful misurable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsed me so much suffering
	layer_12: i can need the consequences of my painful misurable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsed me so much suffering

file: 1686-142278-0024.flac
expected: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_2: no notdau sus t rilaton mol he sli es indreth o that hepasd
	layer_4: no not doutsas to wrelagion mo the slighetes indreatof that he pasd
	layer_6: no not doubts as to religion now theslightes indry to that he paused
	layer_8: no not doubts as to religion no the slightest injuri to that he paused
	layer_10: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_12: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused

file: 1686-142278-0025.flac
expected: margaret sighed as if standing on the verge of some new horror
	layer_2: mogeretsid as if staning on the wergof som nyu hor
	layer_4: margretsigd as if staning on the werge of somen you horar
	layer_6: margaret sigd as if standing on the worge of somenehorro
	layer_8: margaret sighde as if standing on the wirge of some ne horror
	layer_10: margaret sighed as if standing on the worde of some new horror
	layer_12: margaret sighed as if standing on the worde of some new horror

file: 1686-142278-0026.flac
expected: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_2: mo erer howin not the hol ly jtd from withme to re shutoat
	layer_4: mo etd howien love the holdycoch from whithime to be shat out
	layer_6: margad how in love the wholdy hourge from which im to be shut out
	layer_8: margaet how i love the holdlychurge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_10: margaret how i love the holly churce from which i am to be shut out
	layer_12: margaret how i love the holly churce from which i am to be shut out

file: 1686-142278-0027.flac
expected: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_2: he could not goon for lmon men jote
	layer_4: he could not go n for a mommen joto
	layer_6: he could not go on for a moman joto
	layer_8: he could not go on for a momenj orto
	layer_10: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_12: he could not go on for a moment or two

file: 1686-142278-0028.flac
expected: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to turn mahometan
	layer_2: mobgert col no til wo to sa a seeme to heres terabeu masteiouss ofs i fo fallthe wer aboute d n m hm etan
	layer_4: orgertd could nottell what to say a seemed to heres terrablumasterious is if f o fa the wore abouto tohn mr hem ratn
	layer_6: margaret could not tell what to say a seemed to heresteriblya misterious as if a father were about to tnm mr hemritn
	layer_8: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to herasterribly mysterious as if her father were about to to m mahemretin
	layer_10: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to tom mahemetin
	layer_12: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to dom mahemetin

file: 1686-142278-0029.flac
expected: the one staid foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and rocking
	layer_2: the onstae foundation of her hom of firi dy o fo bloved foter hem wrling a woking
	layer_4: the onestae foundation of her hom of vor ide of o bloveit father them reling u woking
	layer_6: the onec state foundation of her home of er ide of a blovid father shem reling a waking
	layer_8: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of he beloved father seeme realing a walking
	layer_10: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed realing and walking
	layer_12: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed realing and walking

file: 1686-142278-0030.flac
expected: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embarked
	layer_2: he sworllo downg the dri chal king sl wrich had beng heving ut fomg his hart i the t and gointis br ca c i to doun o fol un whe h ad ofrem ben wading rlakly i from which he thort he at do rive srint toaintr apon the cos in wi he was nowin b
	layer_4: he swalow down the dri cheking sovet which had been heving u fromg his hard hit the teu and gointo hs ber cace h a tooed own  volu which had otrem ben weding lakly hand from which he thought he had di riesprinth to ainterapon the cos in whih he was now inbo
	layer_6: he swallowe down the drigh choking soves which had been heaving up fom his heart hi the tro and going to his bokkase he took down  vollun which had oftlen been weading lately in from which he thought he had deribe strinth to enter uporn the couse in which he was now inbo
	layer_8: he swallowed down the dry choking sopts which had been heaving up from his heart head the to and goin to his brk case he took down a volume which he had ofteen been weading lately nd from which he thought he had deribed strength to enter upon the course in which he was now enboredd
	layer_10: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hi the to and gointo his bok case he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived stringth to enter upon the couse in which he was now embored
	layer_12: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hi the to and go into his book case he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived stringth to enter upon the couse in which he was now emborged

file: 1686-142278-0031.flac
expected: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_2: nissendy y malets sid hein fou dhing one am r oun h wast
	layer_4: nissendyi malgred said hi pou d in one am eroun har rast
	layer_6: nisendy a mogaretd said he put ing one ormaroun herraset
	layer_8: nisende  margart said he putting one arm around her raict
	layer_10: lisen de margaret said he putting one arm around her waiste
	layer_12: lisen der margaret said he putting one arm around her waiste

file: 1686-142278-0032.flac
expected: when god will not use thee in one kind yet he will in another
	layer_2: when god be not  yuse tem one cint yit e will in a over
	layer_4: when god wbill not yuse den onecind yet he will an another
	layer_6: when god will not use den one kind yet he will an another
	layer_8: when god will not use deen one kind yet he will in another
	layer_10: when god will not use deen one kind yet he will in another
	layer_12: when god will not use deen one kind yet he will in another

file: 1686-142278-0033.flac
expected: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy vows thou pretendest a necessity for it in order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_2: iffwen thow ar chaie with rupting gals wiasip fals ffine thy os therpreteneis and tsessuste orit on der to r continoens an the menistr
	layer_4: if win thoug ar chare with crupting galds wirship falsofineg y wous their pretendest and te sessisty or it onodar to a continuans ind the ministry
	layer_6: if when though are charge with corupting go'swership falsifined thy ous theuh pretendest and necessisty for it owniodar to ac continulanse in the minustry
	layer_8: if when thoug are charged with corupting gods worship falsifiyind thy rolws thouh pretendest and necessisty or it own  oda to a continulane in the minustry
	layer_10: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy rous thouh pretendest and necessisity wor it ownoda to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_12: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy rous thou pretendest and necessisity wor it ownoda to a continuance in the ministry

file: 1686-142278-0034.flac
expected: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_2: as he re this and glaonsont lish omr whiche ded not wred whe gan res a utiron for himsalf and falses f he to cotf be grae and tomm ainding sot he beve to e wit at as hy seesethe head mogeats lo conm vlso sa an his cerried sine dount on thof the cnd saims of sofing
	layer_4: as he reat this and glansan mich mor which he did not wed whe gain resalution for him salf and feltas f he twod could be brave and fhohrm indin sat he bleved to bewigt at as he seesed he heard margrets low conbuleso sobp and his coried sang down undrt the kend since of sufring
	layer_6: as he red this and glanceon much more which he did not wreet he gaine resilution for himself and felt as if he too could be brabe and form indom what he believed to be wite at as he seased he head margarets low conbulsei sob and his courried sang down under the ken sence of suffering
	layer_8: as he wread this and glance atd much more which he did not wread he gaine resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and frrm in doing what he believed to be wright ut as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his couried sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_10: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not wread he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his couriag sankg down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_12: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not wread he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margare's low convulsive sob and his couriag sankg down under the keen sense of suffering

file: 1686-142278-0035.flac
expected: i have borne long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_2: ive bone laong whith sofre pog ther woid a rouse aning myn les twlrpeet and cowede thend lming
	layer_4: i have won long whith sof rpoge there would hav rous aning myinless towlrbeied an coudley bhan mine
	layer_6: i have bone long withself repoge therewould have rouse any min lesst toarbind and cowedly bhain mine
	layer_8: i have bone long with sef reporge ther would have roused any mind less tar in and cowdly bthan mine
	layer_10: i have bone long with self repot there would have roused any mined less tared and cowrdly than mine
	layer_12: i have bone long with self repolc there would have roused any mind less tarped and cowrdly than mine

file: 1686-142278-0036.flac
expected: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_2: he shuk is hedes you intomn
	layer_4: he shok is hedis you entom
	layer_6: he shook his head as you end one
	layer_8: he shook his head as yeu went on
	layer_10: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_12: he shook his head as he went on

file: 1686-142278-0037.flac
expected: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_2: magres i cri to doit i tri to conteind mysel was simflerrefewsing d disto reformend and sopin qui ly her sring tem mi coontion s now as ar hadstraind ed be for
	layer_4: margret i cri to doit i trig to contend my sel wath simflurefuthing ve distl preenend and sopin quitly hare strangdgle myg contions now as i had strainded before
	layer_6: margaret i cried to do it i cried to contend myself with simfly refuthing the disial preverement and soppin quitely here strangli my constioncs now as i had straindid before
	layer_8: margaret i cried to do it i cried to content myself with simply refusing theditonal reveriment and stopping quitely here stranglig my conscience now as i had straind it before
	layer_10: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional revriment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_12: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional revriment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before

file: 1686-142278-0038.flac
expected: god forgive me
	layer_2: fut hoci na
	layer_4: got ho givmey
	layer_6: ghoght fogive me
	layer_8: god fokevs me
	layer_10: god forgives me
	layer_12: god forgives me

file: 1686-142278-0039.flac
expected: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but few
	layer_2: houras ai wok oup and dhown th vririm spekinlo wes of serf e pro g on whe theiation a which mogret was tain ful to hapbuta fe
	layer_4: he ros ind woak oup endowun the rim spakinlowrds of sefe proce an ho teeation a which margret was thanful to ha bo fu
	layer_6: he rose and walked up an down the rom speaking low words of self wy proge and whumiliation  which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_8: he rose and walked up and down the rom speaking low words of sef weproache and humiliation or which margaret was thankful to her but a few
	layer_10: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_12: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation o which margaret was thankful to hear but a few

file: 1686-142278-0040.flac
expected: margaret i return to the old sad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_2: mogit arreytin to theal said brdam wemus llve elston
	layer_4: margret aretuim to thel said brdenm renmust leve helstom
	layer_6: margaret i returneto thel said burdan we must leave helstom
	layer_8: margaret i returne to the ld said burden we must leave helston
	layer_10: margaret i returned to the l said burden we must leave helston
	layer_12: margaret i returned to the olsaid burden we must leave helston

file: 1686-142278-0041.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: es
	layer_4: es
	layer_6: yes
	layer_8: yes
	layer_10: yes
	layer_12: yes

file: 1686-142278-0042.flac
expected: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_2: i hv ritinto the bisor i dhary siarfe toldurssobu i forgettin stusnow tad mis thor hil thalating int is deprest man as sormins ocan gu trc lfart matrof fac detielf hin foming haim of mainetangan to resines phecurige
	layer_4: i havriten to the bisar i dey sar have tild you so bu i forget things tes now tad misto hal calapting into hs deprest mane a soninshe canto took of hart matrof fheckdetelld hin forlming him of myntangien to resin hes pecurage
	layer_6: i hae britento the bisio i day say have told you so but i forget things dust now said mister hal collapting hinto his depressed manr as sonache came to took of heard mattero fac deeteld informing him of my ntengiene to resinees pvicorage
	layer_8: i have written to the bishop i day say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapting into his depressed manner as soon as he came to taok of hard matter of fac detale informing him of my intention to resigne this vekourage
	layer_10: i have written to the bishop i dar say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of heard matter of fact detale informing him of my intention to resigne this vacorage
	layer_12: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact detale informing him of my intention to resigne this vacourage

file: 1686-142278-0043.flac
expected: they are but what i have tried upon myself without avail
	layer_2: they od thet whot i have trihdifpom myslf ru thoute wa
	layer_4: they a put what i have tried upon my self vere thoautirwale
	layer_6: they or put what i have tried upon myself wih thot enwail
	layer_8: they are but what i have tried upon myself withthout awail
	layer_10: they are but what i hate tried upon myself without a wail
	layer_12: they are but what i hathe tried upon myself without a wail

file: 1686-142278-0044.flac
expected: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be the parting from my dear people
	layer_2: that l be acri but wes fawes wold be epaoting fom midy appepl
	layer_4: that wu be acril wut wrs farwrs wil wen thecorting frorm my de appeople
	layer_6: that woiull be a tile but wors farwors we wilh departing fom my de ap people
	layer_8: that woill be a tril but worse farworse werel we departing fror my dear people
	layer_10: that wiull be a trial but worse farworse will we departing from my dear people
	layer_12: that will be a trial but worse farworse will we departing from my dear people

file: 1686-142278-0045.flac
expected: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_2: he wiol komd stay itusto arow
	layer_4: he will come tostay wit us to mareow
	layer_6: he will come to stay with us to moreow
	layer_8: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_10: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_12: he will come to stay with us to morrow

file: 1686-142278-0046.flac
expected: was it to be so sudden then
	layer_2: wasi to re son sad a men
	layer_4: was i to besom saidamen
	layer_6: was it to be som sado men
	layer_8: was it to be some sada men
	layer_10: was it to be some sad o men
	layer_12: was it to be some sado men

file: 1686-142278-0047.flac
expected: what does mamma say
	layer_2: whut dis mala sa
	layer_4: what dis mola say
	layer_6: what dis mala say
	layer_8: what dis mala sa
	layer_10: what does mala say
	layer_12: what does mala say

file: 1686-142278-0048.flac
expected: margaret i am a poor coward after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_2: moalbret i ame epl callwad ou tral i can on bad to give pained
	layer_4: malgret i am he pol caol wad auftral i can on bayd to gid paind
	layer_6: margret i am a pol callwa after all i can ont bad to give paind
	layer_8: margret i am a pooll callwrd after all i cannot bea to give pain
	layer_10: margaret i am a pull cawad after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_12: margaret i am a poll calwad after all i cannot bea to give pain

file: 1686-142278-0049.flac
expected: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_2: yes in the she most aid largedt
	layer_4: yes intdhed she munst said maged
	layer_6: yes indhed shoe munst said morgrerd
	layer_8: yes inded she must said margrert
	layer_10: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_12: yes indeed she must said margaret

file: 1686-142278-0050.flac
expected: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_2: aps offrall she manot  es
	layer_4: eaps o fra she maynot yes
	layer_6: perhaps offral she may not oyes
	layer_8: perhaps offter all she may not oh yes
	layer_10: perhaps affter all she may not oh yes
	layer_12: perhaps after all she may not oh yes

file: 1686-142278-0051.flac
expected: she will she must be shocked' as the force of the blow returned upon herself in trying to realise how another would take it
	layer_2: so wol she must pbe shrt as a fouslof the blo ry tnd upon harselfen ctring to ra lise how  nobherf wldakes
	layer_4: she weal she mus be shot as a forse oef the blo retund upon herself ancrin to rea lise how a nother wor taket
	layer_6: she wel she must be shot as a force of the bloow returned upon herself ind cringd to realize ho another would take it
	layer_8: she waill she must be shoed as a farce of the blow returned upon herself and crying to realize how another would take it
	layer_10: she wille she must be shocked as the farce of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_12: she wille she must be shocked as the farlce of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it

file: 1686-142278-0052.flac
expected: to milton northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment strive to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of the pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_2: ti mil to no thm elnsed wit the doin diffenc forn hyat pa teve that ol tho he stot ofs love and rmae her clamnto him a for a mommenstrie tos sodthere wit hae lo beeat the knessof the pame was es fressioas evver in whm mind
	layer_4: to mill to nor ten hey onsid with a do in difance for he hat poeve thapt al tho he s doght os love hand mate her clamto him and for a momanstrip to sut hi with ha lot be at the keeness of te paine was as fressioes ever in hem mind
	layer_6: to mil to knor them he answered with a du indifference for he had perceive that although hes doughthis love had made her claime to him and for a momen striped to soothim with her love he hat the keeness of tepain was as fresh s ever in her mind
	layer_8: to mill to northem he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her clame to him and for a moment stried to soth him with her love heat the keeness of de pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_10: to mill to nothem he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dhe pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_12: to mil to nothem he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dhe pain was as fresh as ever in her mind

file: 1686-142278-0053.flac
expected: milton northern
	layer_2: meol to e orthe
	layer_4: mil to e orten
	layer_6: milto en otherm
	layer_8: milton an orthrn
	layer_10: milton an northern
	layer_12: milton and northern

file: 1686-142278-0054.flac
expected: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way
	layer_2: es sid he e saimnedesconon hndifrer way
	layer_4: yes said he the sanedis fonden hendifron way
	layer_6: yes said he athe saimed isponden indifferern way
	layer_8: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_10: yes said he in the same dispondent in different way
	layer_12: yes said he in the same dispondent in different way

file: 1686-142278-0055.flac
expected: but he with his quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_2: tat ha wiet this crak ince wittof simpthyg retin ho face as in he merer the reflections of his ow mudo derpression and tnded of fwrd thin efet
	layer_4: that heg whiet this qrak inju ittif simpth reten her face as in i merar the reflections of his own moudidepression and turnded offit inerfet
	layer_6: that he with this guick intuitive sempthy wread in her face as an amirar the reflections of his own mudedepression and turnedid off withan effrt
	layer_8: that he with his quick intuative sympathy read in her face as an a mirror the reflections of his own moudy depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_10: that he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as an emirror the reflections of his own moudy depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_12: that he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as an emirror the reflections of his own moudy depression and turned it off with an effort

file: 1686-142278-0056.flac
expected: you shall be told all margaret
	layer_2: e shell be tll d o oet
	layer_4: o shell be till d o maoveret
	layer_6: you shall be told o moverit
	layer_8: you shall be told ol moberet
	layer_10: you shall be told od margaret
	layer_12: you shall be told ol margaret

file: 1686-142278-0057.flac
expected: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_2: o le held mea to tllyo thr
	layer_4: oly helt me to tel you mother
	layer_6: only helt me to tell your mother
	layer_8: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_10: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_12: only help me to tell your mother

file: 1686-142278-0058.flac
expected: i am going out for the day to bid farmer dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_2: in ging ot fof the day to eit fa the dopson in the ppeb o bace comm n god biy
	layer_4: im gaing ath forf the day to bit fau the dopson in the pol peblonbracy coman god by
	layer_6: i am ging uh for the day to bit fa the dobson in the pol people on bracy common god by
	layer_8: i am going up for the day to bit far the dobson an the po people on bracy common good by
	layer_10: i am going out for the day to bit farthe dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_12: i am going out for the day to bit farthe dobson and the poor people on bracy common good by

file: 1686-142278-0059.flac
expected: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_2: whigye dis lie bratt etto ho ber  lgh wabert
	layer_4: whi yu dislike bratkin et to he bery luge walgert
	layer_6: wuld you deslike braking it to her bery muge wilgroth
	layer_8: would you dislike breaking it to her very much walgrth
	layer_10: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margrt
	layer_12: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margrth

file: 1686-142278-0060.flac
expected: margaret did dislike it did shrink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_2: mager didtis liket dic shing fom rit mod him brom anypingced eer hato deind hlife befr
	layer_4: mrgre didtas liket di shring from it more themn from anytphingthued ever hato doin ho life befor
	layer_6: margre did as like it didhring fom mick more than from any thinc she had ever had to do in hr life before
	layer_8: margaret did't islike it did shring fom it more than from any thing she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_10: margaret did't dislike it did srink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_12: margaret did't dislike it did sthrink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before

file: 1686-142278-0061.flac
expected: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_2: misther hell hrruc his had the spon mingl hnpfrest r hand ind tokon of wratitd
	layer_4: mistr hel shok his had the sponningy hnpresster hand ind tokn of wratitud
	layer_6: mister hel shook his head tispondingly en presse her hand in token of ratitud
	layer_8: mister hal shook his head despondingly empressed her hand in tken of ratitude
	layer_10: mister hal shook his head espondingly empressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_12: mister hal shook his head respondingly impressed her hand in token of gratitude

file: 1686-142278-0062.flac
expected: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_2: mokert pas nelly up sitoganing to brst of cing
	layer_4: margred pos nealy up seitogan in to birst of prin
	layer_6: margaret pasnali up set again int  burst of cring
	layer_8: margaret pas naly up set again into a burst of cine
	layer_10: margaret was nerly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_12: margaret was nerly upset again into a burst of crying

file: 1686-142278-0063.flac
expected: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what our plans are
	layer_2: to din harthlts she said now thell meyh pa whult uplan sar
	layer_4: to dn hrtholts she said now tel me pepa what up ansar
	layer_6: to turn her thous she said now tell me pepar what up mansar
	layer_8: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up mansa
	layer_10: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what upanza
	layer_12: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what upanza

file: 1686-142278-0064.flac
expected: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know
	layer_2: owe lo mo have so mone in de pentan of tein com fon the living hav not yu on shar has ingnl
	layer_4: you hen ma mar have soe mone in dupenden of the in con fom the lifving have not yu on cha has i know
	layer_6: you ad marmar have some money in dependen of the incom from the liing have not you on chow has i now
	layer_8: you ad mama have some money independent of the income from the living have not you on shore has i know
	layer_10: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you ant shore has i know
	layer_12: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you ant shore has i know

file: 1686-142278-0065.flac
expected: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_2: sem eenteaof that has olwis cal to freerik sintyhas been ha brd
	layer_4: semventoe aof that has ol was con to fredrick sinti has been a brod
	layer_6: seventy of that has al was gonto fredric sinty has been a broad
	layer_8: seventy of that has always gone to frederick sincehe has been abroad
	layer_10: seventy of tat has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_12: seventy of tat has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad

file: 1686-142278-0066.flac
expected: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_2: must have somepa fo sirving withispanshing
	layer_4: must have soeapa for serving with he spansharing
	layer_6: e must have somea pay for serving with the spanisharming
	layer_8: ye must have some pay for serving with the spanish arming
	layer_10: you must have some pay for serving with the spanish armi
	layer_12: you must have some pay for serving with the spanish army

file: 1686-142278-0067.flac
expected: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his own a hundred is left
	layer_2: fe trike musnot seurfr fand laprt do sidele an a forrne untr soine justle creeti b s n ardresirs left
	layer_4: fred drek must not seurfer fan marbet do sidely in a forn cuntry so in juslycreto by is on a handrers as left
	layer_6: fredric must not surfer sand marbut decidely in a foron cuntry so in justly treated by his on a hunders as left
	layer_8: fredrick must not suffer said marbert decidedly in a foren country so injustly treated by his own ahunders is left
	layer_10: frederick must not suffer said marbert decidedly in a foregn country so unjustly treated by his own a hundrers is left
	layer_12: frederick must not suffer said margbart decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his own a hundrers is left

file: 1686-142278-0068.flac
expected: no
	layer_2: nou
	layer_4: no
	layer_6: no
	layer_8: no
	layer_10: no
	layer_12: no

file: 1686-142278-0069.flac
expected: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_2: sin mista hl thadt wole not on ser ai mustdu seomnfing
	layer_4: saind mistoe hl that would not onser i must du somefthaing
	layer_6: said mis ter hil that woul not ansir i must do something
	layer_8: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_10: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_12: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something

file: 1686-142278-0070.flac
expected: i can always decide better by myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_2: i k na was y si betafo lyselad not imn tfrs by tos we ly lovf said he as a haf polidiy fr havingteraing so mght brefo yat tal ane one of bhis phomty of fis inm tantions
	layer_4: i kenaol was e siyd betifo myself and not imflans by those whom my log said he as a haf r poledy for having harain so miged brefou yat told any one of his pamthy of his ntentions
	layer_6: i canal was deside bettifo myself and not infunce by those who my love said he as a half epoligy for having arain so muhch before yet told any one of his pamthy of his imtentions
	layer_8: i can always decide better fo myself and not influence by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arrained so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_10: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arrainged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_12: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having araignged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions

file: 1686-142278-0071.flac
expected: i cannot stand objections
	layer_2: i cin ol s tam ofjetions
	layer_4: i canoltsthan ofb jections
	layer_6: i cannolntstan objections
	layer_8: i can not stan objections
	layer_10: i cannot stand objections
	layer_12: i cannot stand objections

file: 1686-142278-0072.flac
expected: they make me so undecided
	layer_2: e mak we son do sidt
	layer_4: a make me so ne to sided
	layer_6: i make me sow un desidid
	layer_8: i make me so undecided
	layer_10: i made me so undecided
	layer_12: it made me so undecided

file: 1686-142278-0073.flac
expected: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of doubt became more than i could bear without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_2: istor hal comtongd tae fe moncsa gl whrnd mye mis youo of dat bhecan maoll tha  i coldba writhot'sbeakin i rlo to is th bel your membmis to bele mogert
	layer_4: misto hale comtnud e fe moncs gol when my mis rou of dap becam woe thatn i could bay without sbeking i rod to mis to bel you membamis tod bell mogrt
	layer_6: mister hail continued tha few moncsago when my misry of dap became wor than i could bey without sbeaking i rope to miste bell youaemember misster bell mogart
	layer_8: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dap became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_10: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dap became more than i could be without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_12: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dat became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister belle margaret

file: 1686-142278-0074.flac
expected: no i never saw him i think
	layer_2: no i d ove the so hi myething
	layer_4: no i nevea so him i thing
	layer_6: no i never saw him y thing
	layer_8: no i never saw him i think
	layer_10: no i never saw him i think
	layer_12: no i never saw him i think

file: 1686-142278-0075.flac
expected: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in value since milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_2: and ana rait he has fopitye vrt which has wrer wichinreasedt anvaldins on s llton has becomt such olaseuman ye factring tn
	layer_4: and anyrat he has fopetye ver which has rery wiking reasetd an valdees ands mod tin has becomp such a lageuman yu factring ton
	layer_6: and any rate he has popity ven which has very mikcan crestd fanvalvies insemiltom has become such  lage manufactring town
	layer_8: at any rate he has poperty ther which has very mycke increased fan valbins ince milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_10: at any rate he has poperty there which has very much increased an valbuus ince milleton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_12: at any rate he has poperty there which has very much increased an valbues ince milton has become such a large manufacturing town

file: 1686-142278-0076.flac
expected: i don't know that he gave me much strength
	layer_2: i dol no that he gamy i srintd
	layer_4: i de no that he gaeme id srant
	layer_6: i dont know that he gae me wie sprandh
	layer_8: i don't know that he gave me wie sraenth
	layer_10: i don't know that he gave me wie spranth
	layer_12: i don't know that he gave me whit spranth

file: 1686-142278-0077.flac
expected: a private tutor
	layer_2: a pri w  cuter
	layer_4: a priva cutr
	layer_6: a priva cuter
	layer_8: a priva cuter
	layer_10: a private cuter
	layer_12: a private cuter

file: 1686-142278-0078.flac
expected: said margaret looking scornful what in the world do manufacturers want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_2: sam margret booking scofl wat in the ol di many facteas wot mithe cassecs onlei trichr o the a comlis eeso ra geintlmon
	layer_4: sai margret wooking scoful what inm the wildi manyu factres wat wit the classexs orf nlitrichur olthe acomelishofso a gentlman
	layer_6: said margaret looking scornful what in the wirlld i manu factoers want withthe casics o literiture ar the accomlishs of a gentleman
	layer_8: said margaret looking scornful what in the world ind manufactures want with he classics or literature ar the accomplistioos of a gentleman
	layer_10: said margaret looking scornful what in the world did manufactures want ith the classics or literature or the accomplisins of a gentleman
	layer_12: said margaret looking scornful what in the world di manufactures want with the classics or literature or the accomplishios of a gentleman

file: 1686-142278-0079.flac
expected: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscious of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at oxford is
	layer_2: o said hr fathe som ofe the lay sen to pbe fin frllos con t onse of vheirron te fisionses which is mort an mane man at boxd ers
	layer_4: o said hr farther som of then lay seen to be fin fhellows contence of theron defficioncies which is mored an manya man at boxsvhidis
	layer_6: oh said her father some of them ranly seemd to be fine fellows contance of theirown deficiencies which is more than many  man at boxvhatis
	layer_8: oh said her father some of them lraly seemed to be fine fellows contance of their own deficiencies which is more than many man at boxvot is
	layer_10: oh said her father some of them raly seemed to be fine fellows contence of their own defficiencies which is more than mani man at boxford is
	layer_12: oh said her father some of them laly seemed to be fine fellows contience of their own deficiencies which is more than many man at boxford is

file: 1686-142278-0080.flac
expected: some want their children to be better instructed than they themselves have been
	layer_2: some ome the curdren to bepet instruktef tehanthayehinsel he bin
	layer_4: so on the churren to be pet in structed than theybe emselde had beeng
	layer_6: som one te turon to be bet instructed than they bemselve hav been
	layer_8: some won ther chilren to be bett instructevd than they temselve have been
	layer_10: some want ther children to be better instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_12: some want ther children to be better instructivde than they themselves have been

file: 1686-142278-0081.flac
expected: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and scenes so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_2: and in milt ton ares i shal fine de bis ilif f non her happy on and pepol and seinm so dirfent that i shal never bei min of helstaon
	layer_4: and in milt tan warres i shiall fingd o bsy life f not i happy on and pepall and segenm so direfrent that i shall never be re myined of helstan
	layer_6: and in milt an warveret i shall find a busy life if not a happyone and pepele and seen so different that i shall never be reminid of helston
	layer_8: and in milton marberet i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeng so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_10: and in milton margarete i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeing so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_12: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeing so different that i shall never be reminded of helston

file: 1686-142278-0082.flac
expected: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_2: thescodent as it wars with allmist a deathes tation foir ashade eveer herdt of the nol f oa veingland the mangif factes the kepol the wal d an bee countre thear was ismonricom andation hie would be diffom from hlstonm and colnevrya ming the mof that by tofed place
	layer_4: descoden as it was with allmisst a detestation for alchad eveer heard of the norfa vinglant be many factures the people the wild an bleat country there was is on recomendation ade would be diffrom from helston and coulnneverya mind themof that beloved place
	layer_6: tiscordent as it was with allmist a detestation for alce had ever heard of the norfhof england the manu factures the peeople the wild and bleat country there was this one recommendation hie would be differen from helstom and coulneverymind them of that belovid place
	layer_8: discordent as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild anblete country there was this one recommendation it would be differnt from helston and could neveremind them of that beloved place
	layer_10: discordent as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and blek country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helston and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_12: discordent as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helston and could never remind them of that beloved place

file: 1686-142278-0083.flac
expected: when do we go
	layer_2: win do e ko
	layer_4: wen do we go
	layer_6: when do we go
	layer_8: when do we go
	layer_10: when do we go
	layer_12: when do we go

file: 1686-142278-0084.flac
expected: i do not know exactly
	layer_2: i dou not noexacte
	layer_4: i do not nowexatig
	layer_6: i do not know exacty
	layer_8: i do not know exactly
	layer_10: i do not know exactly
	layer_12: i do not know exactly

file: 1686-142278-0085.flac
expected: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_2: i onhisetrkd o the wi dheo
	layer_4: i onise tolkd o the whith t
	layer_6: i wane is a tok it over with you
	layer_8: i wantes to talk it over with you
	layer_10: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_12: i wanted to talk it over with you

file: 1686-142278-0086.flac
expected: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_2: the see tor mothe nows nothing abaut eit's gat but i fingk in aford nigt af to midyed e vresat nationis sintim i shal hae to wigh to en lam
	layer_4: hi see to mothe nows nothing about its get but i fin in a fort night alf to miy ded  resicnation es sintim i shall hav no wih to eng ain
	layer_6: he see your mother knovs nothing about it get but i think in a fourt night after my ded of resicnationis centim i shall have no wight to eng lain
	layer_8: yo see your mother knowves nothing about it get but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent im i shall have no right to rilain
	layer_10: o see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to remain
	layer_12: to see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent im i shall have no right to remain

file: 1686-142278-0087.flac
expected: margaret was almost stunned
	layer_2: marget bsol e stnd
	layer_4: market wes al of stand
	layer_6: margaet was olnestand
	layer_8: marget was almo stand
	layer_10: margaret was almo stand
	layer_12: margaret was al mo stand

file: 1686-142278-0088.flac
expected: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_2: but sheu re coved hr sealf r weadto i
	layer_4: but she recomved his self romeudt oney
	layer_6: but she recovered herself remutivly
	layer_8: but she recovered herself remutively
	layer_10: but she recovered herself remutivly
	layer_12: but she recovered herself remutily

file: 1686-142278-0089.flac
expected: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_2: ees upart it head betofbe fixcunn the sigedly as yes sa
	layer_4: yes bupart it had bedo be fix souon and disiededly as yus say
	layer_6: yespepart it had beto be fixk soon and desidedly as you say
	layer_8: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_10: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_12: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say

file: 1686-142278-0090.flac
expected: poor poor maria
	layer_2: fod ormmea
	layer_4: tod porma rea
	layer_6: pold pormara
	layer_8: pold poor maria
	layer_10: old por maria
	layer_12: pold por maria

file: 1686-142278-0091.flac
expected: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_2: o i fi wen ot marid be fi lobat my selfin he wld how enset would be
	layer_4: o iffi woen ot marrid be fiworbut myselforn the wold how easite would be
	layer_6: o if  i were not marrid i f i were but myself ron the world how easit would be
	layer_8: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easyit would be
	layer_10: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_12: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be

file: 1686-142278-0092.flac
expected: no said margaret sadly i will do it
	layer_2: no sid laoweet stay i wil dy it
	layer_4: now said mawat saiy i wil dowit
	layer_6: no said marwat saly i will do it
	layer_8: no said marwret sadly i will do it
	layer_10: no said marwit sadly i will do it
	layer_12: no said marweit sadly i will do it

file: 1686-142278-0093.flac
expected: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_2: ho must mon ti e vuselpin to douting the reallaty of my wits my fixthintention than wesal
	layer_4: who must not tisev youselfp in to doubting the reatety of my wrds my fixtinmtaention and reso
	layer_6: who must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixd intemtion and resolve
	layer_8: wyho must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intenmtion and resolve
	layer_10: yho must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_12: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve

file: 1686-142278-0094.flac
expected: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_2: heloett her ind the sam staidy s doy manor fo sot mom en s afto hid on spekcing
	layer_4: he looked at her ind the sam steady stony manow for sote momands ofto had an speking
	layer_6: he looked at her in the same steady stony mano for some momencs after hehad unspeking
	layer_8: he looked at her in the same steady stony mannor for some moments after he hadonspeaking
	layer_10: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_12: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking

file: 1686-142278-0095.flac
expected: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_2: the blessing of go bearpon v my childs
	layer_4: the bplessting of god eapon teve mychild
	layer_6: the plessing of god be upon theve my child
	layer_8: the plessing of god be upon theee my child
	layer_10: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_12: the blessing of god bee upon thee my child

file: 1686-142278-0096.flac
expected: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be irreverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter and she threw her arms round his neck
	layer_2: the nex mommen she fard les te suncser to his blessig mye be you oevrend rongd mind herdt him as comy po hisdotr as shethror heroms a rount is nek
	layer_4: the nex momanch she ferd less the sanser to his blessing mit be yu reverent rong mind herd him as comi pon his dourter as shoe thrue her oms a rount s nek
	layer_6: the next mormen she fared lesst tisanser to his blessing might be e riverent ron might heard him as comingpom his darghter as she throewh herarms adround his neck
	layer_8: the next moment she fared less tis answer to his blessing might be eriverent wrong might heard him as comingupom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_10: the next moment she feared less thus answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might huart him as comingu pon his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_12: the next moment she feared lesst thi's answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might huart him as coming pom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck

file: 1686-142278-0097.flac
expected: she heard him murmur to himself the martyrs and confessors had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_2: she herd him lona to himself the mates an confeses ad i mminwaorpain to br i wi lottrin
	layer_4: she heard him loen to himselvf the martes ind confases had ev minlolr pain to bare i wil not triengk
	layer_6: she had him meamen to himself the marters and confacecs had even wore pain to bear i will not trink
	layer_8: she heard him moment to himself the martirs an confestes had even bore pain to bear i will not srink
	layer_10: she heard him mormenet to himself the marters an confessdes had even more paind to bear i will not shrink
	layer_12: she heard him mormenet to himself the marters an confesses had even more pain to bear i will not shrink

file: 1686-142278-0098.flac
expected: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_2: they we staltl byng haryng withsas harlin quarind fo hor dorter
	layer_4: they was startel by hering with as hail in quaing for her dorter
	layer_6: they was startled by hering with his hail inquiringfor her dargter
	layer_8: they we startled by heaing with as hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_10: they were startled by hearing misis hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_12: they were startled by hearing mismis hale inquiring for her daughter

file: 1651-136854-0000.flac
expected: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestick teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_2: in soventenfivfet he kamfort in the cartorforwithhe wast amin elyquo fit on maejestictiture of horl an wreliges wiston
	layer_4: in siventeenfifty he came fort in the carcter a forwhich he wast am in e ly quallofid an me jesticteacure of morl and wreliges wiston
	layer_6: inciventeen fiftey he came forth in the caractere for which he wasd emmintly quallified a majestic teeachure of moral and religius wistom
	layer_8: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was emminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_10: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_12: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom

file: 1651-136854-0001.flac
expected: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_2: the veacl whulcechs was that of e paroutical paper hicshe ne huld bena pone foer acations in plodwith grisexcess
	layer_4: the veacle wic he chos was that of a perioutical paper which he knew hld ben upon formber accasions inmploied with gritsecess
	layer_6: the viicle which he chose was that of apperiotical paper which he knew had been upon formeroccasions imployed with grit success
	layer_8: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periotical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with greit success
	layer_10: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_12: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success

file: 1651-136854-0002.flac
expected: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_2: whent i was to begin pobicshing thout papar i was ata lase hoctinnet
	layer_4: when i was to begin poblishing thaut papear i was a ta lase houktonbit
	layer_6: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was ato los how to knave it
	layer_8: when i was to begin publishing that papr i was at a loss how to nae it
	layer_10: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_12: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it

file: 1651-136854-0003.flac
expected: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_2: issat doit ni topon y veansid and res avd the t i woult notgotorslep tell had fixt es tihl
	layer_4: issat dou it nigh t upon my beendsid and resaoved tha t i would not goto slep till had fixt it's tile
	layer_6: i sat dow at night apon my bed side and resoved that i would not go to sleep till i ad fixed its tile
	layer_8: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its titl
	layer_10: i ssat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_12: i ssat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title

file: 1651-136854-0004.flac
expected: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as odd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_2: adisons nokt was offition in which unconeckoend frigments of hist lo cobrations wore prpesly jombl togetheir in is ad amanderase cod in ort eto ridisl la oabullfat
	layer_4: adisonc not was affiction in which unconectend frugments of his locobrations bore perpoelayd gumbled together in his ada maneras hy could inorder to brduca laibuleafact
	layer_6: adisence not was affiction in which unconeced fragments of his lucobrations were perposly gumbled together in his a damaneras he could in order to prducalapibale affect
	layer_8: addisenc's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucobrations were purposely jumbled together in as ad a manner as he could in order to produce a lahable effect
	layer_10: addisan's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumpbled together in as ad a manner as he could in order to produce a laphable effect
	layer_12: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumpled together in as ad a manner as he could in order to produce a laphable effect

file: 1651-136854-0005.flac
expected: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_2: whes jonsin te brevition r aldthe stnt and aplicebul to each sujecpt of wich the had is menge
	layer_4: wers jonces a breviations eor alde stingd and a plickbuld to eache subject of which the hed is mensot
	layer_6: weres joncins of breviations ar all destained and epplickable to each subject of which the had is mentont
	layer_8: weres johnson's abreviations are all destinct and applicable to each subject of which they had is mention
	layer_10: wheres johnson's apbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the hed is mentioned
	layer_12: wheres johnson's apbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the hed is mentioned

file: 1651-136854-0006.flac
expected: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_2: for instins tr is the falowingspe
	layer_4: for instice dheris the following spessime
	layer_6: for instance there is the following spessimen
	layer_8: for instance there is the following specament
	layer_10: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_12: for instance there is the following specimen

file: 1651-136854-0007.flac
expected: publick calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_2: polh connammitis no senms of tha previens of bad habis nidglgin t of tim reathe tondrtak cerlers to presul aldansbi time
	layer_4: pumblhe conamities no sence of the previnence of bad hapits niglignt of tim ready toundertake carles to persou al cans by time
	layer_6: public conamities no sense of the previlence of bad hapits nigligent of time ready to undertake carless too pursu all changed by time
	layer_8: public conamities no sense of the previlence of bad habits nigligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursu all changed by time
	layer_10: public calamities no sense of the previlence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_12: public calamities no sense of the previlence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time

file: 1651-136854-0008.flac
expected: confident of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_2: qonvrdins ov others oncsus pecting ars on experiinsd imadgining him self secroagas niglet never amagons they woventer to treeatiom il wredy to froust expecting to be trostt
	layer_4: qonfitns of others oncuspecting as on expiriensd hem magoning himself succur agants neglect never amagons they wea venture to treatim il redy to frost expecting to be trostit
	layer_6: qonfidance of others onsuspecting as on experienct immagining himself secur aganst neglet never amagins they were venture to treat him il ready to rost expecting tol be trostid
	layer_8: qonfidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglept never imagines they wre venture to treat him ill ready to rust expecting toll be trusted
	layer_10: confidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they wiel venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting toil be trusted
	layer_12: confidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they wile venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting toll be trusted

file: 1651-136854-0009.flac
expected: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_2: you foum bises as thinking ars ese to te had
	layer_4: you them bisious as thinking oners e s to be had
	layer_6: you fambicious as thinking oners easy to be had
	layer_8: youfambicious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_10: youf ambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_12: you ambitious as thinking honors easy to be had

file: 1651-136854-0010.flac
expected: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_2: de fect cinto prais prs da difrnpirinnce
	layer_4: difet cinto prays prc d at difrmnpirincs
	layer_6: defet kinds of praise pursild at diffren perince
	layer_8: deffet kinds of praise pursied at different perincs
	layer_10: diffet kinds of praise purcued at different pariods
	layer_12: differt kinds of praise purcued at different perids

file: 1651-136854-0011.flac
expected: of the fancy in manhood
	layer_2: of the fansey an ba
	layer_4: of the fancsy in bado
	layer_6: of the fancian mao
	layer_8: of the fancian badlood
	layer_10: of the fanci an badod
	layer_12: of the fancian baod

file: 1651-136854-0012.flac
expected: bruy
	layer_2: rn
	layer_4: eri
	layer_6: ra
	layer_8: braik
	layer_10: rik
	layer_12: rik

file: 1651-136854-0013.flac
expected: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_2: scollas frensh of bli lnads
	layer_4: scollos frenchib like lades
	layer_6: scollors frienchip like ladies
	layer_8: schollar's friendship like ladies
	layer_10: scolars friendship like ladies
	layer_12: scolars friendship like ladies

file: 1651-136854-0014.flac
expected: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_2: tran to man by werads wrepel by pasionts
	layer_4: dron to mand by woterds repelle by pashions
	layer_6: drong t man by words wrepeled by passions
	layer_8: drowng to man by worrds wrepeled by passions
	layer_10: drawn to man by worrds repelld by passions
	layer_12: drawn to man by worlrds wrepelled by passions

file: 1651-136854-0015.flac
expected: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_2: ommn dngr you nintspy crusing other pasions bit they wertn
	layer_4: comondangur you nintes by crusshing other pashions bt they wereturn
	layer_6: ommon danger u nights by crusshing otheir passions bat they wereturn
	layer_8: common danger units by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_10: common danger unites by crushing other passions bt they return
	layer_12: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return

file: 1651-136854-0016.flac
expected: equality hinders compliance
	layer_2: ialit handirs complite
	layer_4: iquallity endes complice
	layer_6: equality inders complics
	layer_8: equality enders complince
	layer_10: equality hinders compliance
	layer_12: equality hinders compliance

file: 1651-136854-0017.flac
expected: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_2: suparryarpouldocs insilens and enty
	layer_4: se paryart poldoces insilence and entey
	layer_6: superiorta poduces incolence and enthy
	layer_8: superiorty produces insolence and enthy
	layer_10: superiority produces insolence and enthy
	layer_12: superiority produces insolence and enthy

file: 1651-136854-0018.flac
expected: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_2: twoma  rl gid in each to privet intrist tlil
	layer_4: too much re gaid in each to privit intrist tolitl
	layer_6: two much regd and each to privat interist to little
	layer_8: too much regard an each to private interest to little
	layer_10: too much regard ind each to private interest to little
	layer_12: too much regard and each to private interest too little

file: 1651-136854-0019.flac
expected: of confederacy with superiours every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_2: of con thet rsy wash oparas aver wo norsdhean con beanonse
	layer_4: of confet recy was sopirias aver wone nose the in conmenions
	layer_6: of conferocy was superiors ever one nowse the inconvenions
	layer_8: of confeeracy wish superiors ever one knows the inconvenionse
	layer_10: of confederacy with superiors everone knows the inconvenience
	layer_12: of confederacy with superiors every one knows the inconvenience

file: 1651-136854-0020.flac
expected: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_2: witheepos no ithoarttiy everaman his on epinionhis o intrist
	layer_4: with e e bls no thort everya mand his onopinion his o intrist
	layer_6: with ecls no thorty every man his ownopinion his own interest
	layer_8: with equles no uthority every man in his own opinion his own interest
	layer_10: with equals no authority every manin his own opinion his own interest
	layer_12: with equals no authority every man in his own opinion his own interest

file: 1651-136854-0021.flac
expected: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_2: mand ind wite hardl you nitd scar sevo witho tlerin
	layer_4: man and with hardl you nited scaie seve without toern
	layer_6: man and wife hardlyu nited scarceva without chubrn
	layer_8: man and wife hardly united scarceevar without children
	layer_10: man and wife hardly united scarce eva without children
	layer_12: man and wife hardly united scarce eva without children

file: 1651-136854-0022.flac
expected: computation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_2: cop youtithor yifh totwnygans to how mat yi dan'st five
	layer_4: comp youtation yif t to wane agains too how madyll gaenst five
	layer_6: computation if to to ne agains too how medy against five
	layer_8: computation if to to one against twoo how medy against five
	layer_10: computation if two to one against two how mediy against five
	layer_12: computation if two to one against two how meddy gainst five

file: 1651-136854-0023.flac
expected: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_2: in this as inmeny ot accases agol roln in opisiton trocon victon fori thinkscaus any tmbrlgord equly to be des ed withthe wregd and the mily arit of wr the men
	layer_4: inthis as in many otharcaces i go rong in oposition tro convicon for i thinkscais any tempral cd equly to be dis ied with the regad and themilliarity of wor the men
	layer_6: in this as in many other cases i go rong in ofpposition toe convicton for i think scars any tempral gouod equaly to be desirede with the regad and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_8: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temperal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of woorthy men
	layer_10: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temperal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_12: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temperal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men

file: 1651-136854-0024.flac
expected: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our hearts
	layer_2: i hopw shal be soenthon yer to we joter dam a mor ready way poring outa hoartte
	layer_4: i hope weshall be somnethon er to ech other ad hama or ready wayl poring out ar hart
	layer_6: i hope we shall be sometome near to each other and have a more ready way o poring out our heart
	layer_8: i hope we shall be sometim nearer to each other and have a more ready way ofpouring out our heart
	layer_10: i hope we shall be sometimes nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_12: i hope we shall be sometime nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart

file: 1651-136854-0025.flac
expected: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_2: gradus benofvit which on frento cen con fr pon i nothresto god and excight and enlefvat his vorts
	layer_4: thegraket usbenif it which one frent cen colnfir pon another is to gard and exight and elivat his vertus
	layer_6: thegreates benefit which one friend can confur upon another es to god and excighte and elevate his vertues
	layer_8: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another es to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_10: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_12: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues

file: 1651-136854-0026.flac
expected: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and a death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_2: the is youole mo ther wils dilpofor ef u teli genlypres of the meery of erlifh and o er dat a i fso for s i coolorn ful wis andinisont an he det wres ined pe sfal and hordy
	layer_4: this your mother wills til pofor ef youn tillagently preserof the memery of her life and of her dath aligfesto for s i coolarn  h fulwise and unisend and e deth resind pesful and horly
	layer_6: this your mother will still perform if you dilligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life hso for as i col learn utefull wise and inicent and the death resind pieaceful and horly
	layer_8: this your mother will still perform if you dilligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life r so for as i could learn utheful wise and inocent and th death resined peaceful and holy
	layer_10: this your mother will still perform if you dilligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life  so far as i coand learn uthefulwise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_12: this your mother will still perform if you dilligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lifea so far as i coaln learn utheful wise and innocent and te death resigned peaceful and holly

file: 1651-136854-0027.flac
expected: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_2: i analtfuo bhert omachontin ne ther wesn nor revealationdoni su do hop thithu man cre ser hapnis by  bin herpresets an that she may an wherpresen stat llpk with pletr hpon every actovot to whicther ins troctions wor egxdaupl havcontietet
	layer_4: i cannolt for berto mithonthad ne the weson nor revilationdenishyou to hope that hl man creeae her hapeness by obaying her presepts and that she may and her presn state lop with pleser  ponevery actrvartu to which her ins tructions ore example have contriyuted
	layer_6: i cannot for bere tomitcon that neither reason nor revilation denise you to hope thar shou ma incrase her happeniss by obeying her precepts and that she may ind her presen state look with pleasure pon every acter virture to which her instructions or example have contriptuted
	layer_8: i cannot forbeare to mittion that neither reason nor revelation denis you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepcts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actof virture to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_10: i cannot forbear to mition that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actof virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_12: i cannot forbear to mition that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actif virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed

file: 1651-136854-0028.flac
expected: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_2: if yo writ doun minula wha yur meber of hfro yoor erle asdes you willd betid wuth guratelesh and wresev fromitmany incs ofe slithing brecoleacon when time choeremoriyet fat earfrommyu andyo  greff shl be rattcrd to vheneration
	layer_4: if you rike doun minyutly what you r member of her from myour erlirs irs you will weadid with grat pleti and wresceeve fromitmany ince of swolthing brecolection when thimechoremove heriyet fauter from you and o r grief sha be mmechurd to veneration
	layer_6: if you rite down minutly what you re member of her from your alist years you will readit with great pleasar and receive from it many chince of sothing recolection when time  show remove her yet falher from you and your grief shall be  macured to veneration
	layer_8: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from itmany hints of sothing recollection when time shal remove her yet father from you and your grief shallbe matured to veneration
	layer_10: if you write down minutely what you'r a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_12: if you write down minutely what you're a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration

file: 1651-136854-0029.flac
expected: no thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_2: no peretherde too on pationcs even under ek strene misery is wonderfuly lofty and as motto bove the rantof stoseesum as the son of rovelithionis priter i then the twiliht of paginifolosofy
	layer_4: noberethirdy two on pationce even under xtreem misery is onder fully lofty and as motcha bove the rant of stoicsesom as the son of rovelation is brigtere than the twilight of pagonfullosifa
	layer_6: nober thirty two on patiencs even underextreem misery is wonderfully logty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagenfal osipy
	layer_8: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revellation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_10: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_12: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy

file: 1651-136854-0030.flac
expected: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_2: it mustinded bealout that the structurifehe sencers is expanded and ofden ha som at of the in vurtion of latnn an that he delited do okxpress emolyorfartsan i foi la soffic ali wigh being an thirs thei roversof socrtis whoit wassead wel dusd fulosofve to the simplisidy of comen lifh
	layer_4: it must inded bealoud that the structurive his sentances is expanded and often has some at of the inversion of latn and that he delighted to expressfoemilliour thoughts anfullasofica liwigh being ind this the rever sofe socrtis whot wes said wul dused fulosie to the simplicity of come in life
	layer_6: it must indeed be aloud that the structure of his sentances is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latten and that he delighted to express pamiliar thoughts an philasoffical laguage being in this the everse of socrities who it ware said wrerduced fullosiyd to the smplicity of comman life
	layer_8: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of lattin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in  philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrities who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_10: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of lattin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_12: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of lattin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life

file: 1651-136854-0031.flac
expected: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_2: this idled sharch has ten eccod from one babalar toa nother who hao con founded jontsons essays with josns dictioneir and becuse he faltit rity in e lucs ucarn a are lmigwhigh to clut many words whichhad folan int disus but werssuported by greitafhorties i his bud e matind at thato al of thes havben into wiovin in to his on compesishions
	layer_4: this itld charch has been eccod from one babilar to a nother who how con founded joncsoncs essays with jonsons dictionary and because he fought is rihte in a lux acn of ar yguich to clut many words which had foll an inte dicuse but were suppourted bygreato tforties mit is be hmagond  that  all of thes have been into wovan into his own compositions
	layer_6: this idld charge has been ecoed from one babiler to another who hawv con founded joncson'e essays with jonson's dictionary and becuse he thought it riht in elexacon of our languagh to collut many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by greata thorities it as ben imagined that all of these have been into woven into his own compositions
	layer_8: this idled charge has been echoed from one babaler to another who have confounded jonson's esses with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it riht in elexicon of our language to colect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intowoven into his own compositions
	layer_10: this idle charge has been echoed from one babaler to another who have confounded johnson's esses with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in elexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intowoven into his own compositions
	layer_12: this idole charge has been echoed from one babeler to another who have confounded johnson's essas with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in elexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intowoven into his own compositions

file: 1651-136854-0032.flac
expected: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade
	layer_2: their stils difrs plain clot and bro ade
	layer_4: theire stiles differ s plain clo and brokade
	layer_6: theire sfiles differ s plain cloth and brokade
	layer_8: their styles differ as plan cloth and brokade
	layer_10: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokade
	layer_12: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokade

file: 7601-101619-0000.flac
expected: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_2: owrstremis plasur ha somesort of groningin complying initt wgou not saiythet iti ding of pn
	layer_4: ouerxxtremis plasour has somesort of groning an compliting init whicg ou not say that it i ding of pain
	layer_6: ourxtremes pleasure has somesort of growning and complating in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_8: our extremust pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaning in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_10: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_12: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain

file: 7601-101619-0001.flac
expected: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitas se nisi temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_2: the hiast an fullest contentment offrs mor of the grve han of the mary ipsefoli etus sai teseet anperut premmet even foullisity and lusit moterat it self a presses
	layer_4: the hiest an fultist contentment off rs mor of the graive than of the mary ipsefoli itus say icyt emperut premit evenful licity and lesit materate self apresses
	layer_6: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mary ips afelicetos say nescy temparout premit even falicity andless it moerat eitself appresses
	layer_8: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the marry ipsa felicitos say nissy temperot premite even falicity unless it moderate itself appresses
	layer_10: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mery ipsa felicitos say nissy temperot premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_12: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsapfelicitos say nissy temperot premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses

file: 7601-101619-0002.flac
expected: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodorus said that in sorrow there is some mixture of pleasure
	layer_2: soccrte sas that some gou tri domisin on mas and de con found pin an plaser but not bing awil t doit he befut him at lest to cuple thembo the tal mettre dor sad that in sorow ther sum meur of plasur
	layer_4: soccrity sas that some god trid domicin one mas and e confound pain and plasur but not bing a wil t do it he bethought him it least ti cuple em b the tale meter dor said that in sorow their somemecr o plasre
	layer_6: socrity says that some god tried domix in one mass and o confound pain and plasure but not being able to do it he bethought him it least to couple em by the tale meterador said that in sorrow theirs somemixure of pleasure
	layer_8: socraty says that some god tried to mix in one mass and a confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tal metrador said that in sorrow ther some mixure of pleasure
	layer_10: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and a confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metradora said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_12: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and a confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metradora said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure

file: 7601-101619-0003.flac
expected: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_2: nathure escoversis confusand toause paters hol tit the sam motions an grmuses of the face that ser for weping ser forlafter to and tended bufr the one o the other be finisht du but served the paters maner of hanling and yo wil bein dout touictof the to tha diin tens and theixstrme o lafter des at last bring tears
	layer_4: nature descoversis confusond toas panters hol that the same motions and grmises of the face that serve for weping ser for lafter to and anded before the one of the other be finished do but oabserve the pantrs maner of handling and yu will be ndout to wich of the to tha disine tens and the xtrem of lafter des at last bring tears
	layer_6: natour discovers his confusion to us painters hole that the same motions and grmises of the face that serve for weping sire for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observed the panter's manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the desinetens and the extreem of laughter desit last bring tears
	layer_8: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's hole that the same motions and grimases of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughtor too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the panter's manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the designe tens and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_10: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be indoubtd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_12: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the design tens and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears

file: 7601-101619-0004.flac
expected: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_2: an therefor comon nlus sbecilidiv sols er found be mor proper for an morseesfl in the manege ment ofafars and the el ovate an ex cwoced ofpinons offullosify un fit forbises the sarttevasitioa sol and tesupl lan resles vol you billoy ataningat di sterbonegosations
	layer_4: and therfor comon nd les speculitiv sols ar foundo be mor proper fore and morcseccessful in the managebment of afairs and the elovated and excuused apinons of fullosify unfit for busnes thi shartevaity o sol and the suple an resless val ou billity attending at disterborn agociations
	layer_6: and therefore common andless speculative souls ar found o be more proper for and more successful in the management of afairs and the elevated an excuisitopinions of pholocipy unfit for business thi shar vavascity of soul and the supple and resless valubility attending it distirbarnagotiations
	layer_8: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb ourn egotiations
	layer_10: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_12: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations

file: 7601-101619-0005.flac
expected: he who dives into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_2: he who dsin to and in his in csition coperhens al sercromstanes an consiqences hinders his l lucction a lialengeonwel mandl thi sofiion frxsacutioncs wather of ls or gret herwigt
	layer_4: he who disento and in his incuesition coperhens allsercomstances and consiquences hinders his a lection a littalengon well andle tis soffision frxicutioncs whether of les or greater wait
	layer_6: he who dis on to and in his inquisition comperhends all sircumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engon well andaled is sufficient for xecutions whethere of less or greater wait
	layer_8: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engin well andled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_10: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engin well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_12: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engin well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight

file: 7601-291468-0000.flac
expected: when the lofty thucydides is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_2: when te lofti tho sierds is abo toeter oponis te scription of theplag that deselat d athens wone of his motern commntaters esurs thof rater hat the histris nougoined be aeetigly son serriusan perheitic and hins withthat ar ofe chucling grethulation with which o goodin ds fortha choce morsul fo u coberd to wer gaal e faveet that this plagk wil gie his histry amostigreabl vorieaty
	layer_4: when the lofty thu cidtitis is abmut to iterapon his description of the pleg that desilated athens whon of his mottern commentaters asurstho rater that the histeros nowgoin dt be exceetingly solm sirius an pethetic and hince with hat ar of chucling greculation with which a good dame dras fortha choice morsale fro a cubered to werega le favort that this plag will give his histry amoste greeble for iety
	layer_6: when the logfty thucidities is about to intter upon his description of the pleg that decilated athens one of his motdern commontators assurse the reader that the histri os now going to be exceedingly salmem scirious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling greatulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsal from a cubeared to ere gale afavort that this plag will give his history amost agreable voriety
	layer_8: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the pleg that desolated athons one of his modern commontators assures the reader that the historiy is now going to be exceedingly sollem serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morcal from a cupbard to regale af favorte that this plagu will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_10: when the lofty tucidities is about to entter upon his description of the plegu that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupbard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_12: when the lofty tucidities is about to entter upon his description of the plegu that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly sollemn serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morcel from a cupbard to regale a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety

file: 7601-291468-0001.flac
expected: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_2: saer the tr sogecke fr thhistor pen
	layer_4: such orf the tro subjec for the his storic pen
	layer_6: such of the true subjecs for the hastoric pen
	layer_8: such ar the tru subjects for the historic pen
	layer_10: such are the tru subjects for the historic pen
	layer_12: such are the tru subjects for the historic pen

file: 7601-291468-0002.flac
expected: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_2: the fo ovempairs the desalation of happycentres splended sitis  smoky inthir rans the pravus works ofvart tombledi the dust the sres oon grons of hol nations a sending un do hevan
	layer_4: the fo of empirs the decilation of happy cuntres splended sities smoking in their roans the protist work of art tumbled in the dust the sreeks an grons of hol nations a sending undo heven
	layer_6: the fal of empires the decolation of happy countries splended cities smoking in their ruins the prodest works of art tumbled in the dust the sreeks and grons of hole nations as sending unto heaven
	layer_8: the fole of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the sreaks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_10: the fole of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the sreaks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_12: the fol of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the sreaks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven

file: 7601-291468-0003.flac
expected: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_2: thestho swrnms of fls whichurso ofan execrated tis ucls ovormon or creaded forth susstancuspidrs and spiders on he ather hand ar ovad tetly mae to divowr flis
	layer_4: thus tho sworms of fliys which arso of an exicrated as usles viraman or cre adted for th sustans u spiders and spiters on the other hand ar evidently mayde t divour fleys
	layer_6: thus those swarms of flis which are so of an execrated as useloess verman oare creeated for the sustants of spiders and spidors on the other hand are evidently made to devouer flis
	layer_8: thus those swarms of flies which are so ofan execrated as useless verman are created for the sustanatce of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_10: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless verman are created for the sustinacte of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_12: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless verman are created for the sustinance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies

file: 7601-291468-0004.flac
expected: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nouns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apophthegms which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_2: ancet toditions spekt mutchvis lerning and of the gollent inods he had maid indo the ded lingwigus and whiche had ma captive a hoset o grekt nns an lotn vers and brourt of rich boty an anten ss en apothigims which e was ont to poryd in his po lhe c oaings as a tr oufitgunnal of yor hisspollye opima
	layer_4: ancet toditions speak much ivis lerning and of the galmet inrodes he had made indof the ded langriges ind which he had made captive a hoset of grek nowns and latan verbs and brought of rich buty an antienc ss an apofthigims which he was ant to prade in his pub the corrangs as a trielfit gjunal of yor his spolya opima
	layer_6: anchent traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallent inroades he had made into the deadlanguageus ind which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latten verbs and brought off rich boouty in ancent saws and apothagums which he was want to peraid in his publicorangs as a triunfat general of your his spolia opima
	layer_8: ancent traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroades he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns an lattin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothagums which he was want to paraede in his public orangs as a triumphat general of yor his spolia opima
	layer_10: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the galant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegums which he was wont to parade in his public orangs as a triumphant general of yor his spolia opima
	layer_12: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the galant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and lattin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothagums which he was wont to parade in his public orangs as a triumphant general of yor his spolia opima

file: 7601-291468-0005.flac
expected: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_2: yout was aerve dol ver  that he seld ogout indo a ar oment withu gatyando a perpuity and then indo opation withi sadvresry foer not bing convincst grates
	layer_4: yout was abserved o ever that he seld ob got indo an argument without gediando a perplucxiy and then indo a pation with his advrsary for not bing convincetgratise
	layer_6: it was observed hoever that he seldom got into an argument without getti indto a perplexity and then indo apation with his adversary for not being convinced gratice
	layer_8: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratice
	layer_10: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratucs
	layer_12: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus

file: 7601-291468-0006.flac
expected: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_2: heis abod whihh he had fict at a bowry or cuntry setad a sort distin sforomn the sity justet wat is nowcaold duch  stred soun abounded with proesof is ingunoity patt smo jas thit wrecuard a whors to wortm dutch ovans that rosted meed without fire carte that went befor the horses whether coks that trndageince the wend an other wrolng heade couotrivedces that a stonish in coln founden al be holds
	layer_4: his abod which he had fixd at a boury or country seet ant a short distance from the sity just et what is nowcald duchstreed sonabounded with proes of his inginuity patnd smoe jeaks that requard a hors to workthem duch ofencs that rosted met without fire carts that whent before the horses whether coks that turnd againce the wind and other rong hadded couldtrivedses that a stonished and confounded al beholders
	layer_6: heis abod which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what his now calld duch street soon abounded with profs of his inginuity patent smoke jacks that requiredta horse to work them dutch ovans that rosted meet without fire carts that went before the horses whether coks that turned against the wind an other rong hended could trivadses that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_8: his abod which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity pattent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind and other wrong heanded codtrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_10: his abode which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_12: his abode which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity pattent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders

file: 7601-291468-0007.flac
expected: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_2: it is in anowlag asin swoming he who floundersin splices onf the serfis mech mrne noys an a trac mrtention than the pural divever who quiat ly dsin quest of trasursto the botom
	layer_4: it is in nolage as in swoming he who flounders an splicies on the serfis mix more noiys in atracxmortention than the purldiver who quately dis in quest of trasos to the votom
	layer_6: it is in nowlage as inswiming he who flounders and splacies on the surface maks more nois in a tracs mor tention than the perl diver who quietly diyes in questivfe trasurs to the votom
	layer_8: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splaches on the surface makes more noise and attracks more attention than the pearldiver who quiently dies in quest of trasures to the bottom
	layer_10: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_12: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearldiver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom

file: 7601-101622-0000.flac
expected: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_2: the romons bo theis minms  recte der collonis for prcetin their sity to gro i mosrbly popullis they ese dittof the mostd unnesecerpepl an sentim to om haban cultofvatalans conkrebothem sompon susel thy purprsly main tan wars a some itheranimis navonly tockep ther on menaaction forfer lest itlnus the mother of coruption should bring upon them some wors inconvincs
	layer_4: the romens by this means a rected their collines for prceving their sidy to gro immasrably popules they easedit of themost unnescary peopl and sentim to m habet and cultivagt the lens concrd by them somepomes lse they perpicly main tan wars wath some of ther animies notonly to keep there own menanaction for fere lest idalenes the mother of coruption should bring upon them some worse in convinence
	layer_6: the romans by this means errected their colonies for prceiving their city to grow immeasurably populus they eased it of the most unnecessary people than sent hem to himhabit and cultivate the lans concred by them sometimes also they purposely main tain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men an action for fer lest idaleness the mother of coruption should braing upon them some wors in convenience
	layer_8: the romans by this means errected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people thand sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintaine wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men an action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should braing upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_10: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people end sent them to imhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintaine wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lesst idleness the mother of corruption should breing upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_12: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to imhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience

file: 7601-101622-0001.flac
expected: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_2: and wi sffor ths of along pec lugris more pronisious thaen wre
	layer_4: and we suffoer the ils of along pece luxrios more pronicious than wr
	layer_6: and we suffer the ils of along piece ludury is more pronisious than ware
	layer_8: and we suffer the ills of a long pece luxery is more pronicious than war
	layer_10: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more perenicious than war
	layer_12: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more perernicious than war

file: 7601-101622-0002.flac
expected: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_2: ad the salso was onrison whwyour king fillo conseunted do sent his sun orn a bor forn ecxe bodition that he might takc along withem agreaht numbere of ho lg man who we then in his pay
	layer_4: ad thes also was onres in whi our king fillop consented to csendt his sun jown apon oforn exbedition that he might take along withim a great number of hoht olg men who wer then in his pay
	layer_6: and this also was one res in why ore king fhillip consented to sentd his sunjan upon a for an expadition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_8: and this also was one reason why our king phillip consented to send his son john upon a foren expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_10: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_12: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay

file: 7601-101622-0003.flac
expected: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_2: whate other entasey impeos artor theglatares frpo sto atdself what tha slot her of yong mn what plasur feidd with bloud
	layer_4: what other end a s the impios art of the gladiatrs proposesto it self what the slouter of young men what plasur fead with blod
	layer_6: what other end as the impiouse art of the gladiaters propose to itself what the slohter of young men what plasure fed with blood
	layer_8: what other end does the impius art of the gladiators proposed to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_10: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_12: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood

file: 7601-101622-0004.flac
expected: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_2: prince tak hyonersdelad for thirin thand be sexesserto thi fatheers hansforth lut nonat rom be slan rsfort
	layer_4: prince taketeoners delade for thi rain than be seccesser to thi fathers heandsforth lat nonit rom beslanforsport
	layer_6: prince take the oners delayd for thy rain than be successor to thy fathers ancse fourth let noneit rom be slaine for sport
	layer_8: prince take the honors delayed for thy rain than be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slaine for sport
	layer_10: prince take the honors delayed for thy rein tand be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_12: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign tand be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport

file: 7601-101622-0005.flac
expected: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_2: lut beassbelrnd stineian foaserrina and no mor hommasids be theractent
	layer_4: let bests bloud stan tye in fomacarene and no more homasides be their actend
	layer_6: let beasts blod stain the infamasarina and no more hommasides be theire actend
	layer_8: let beasts blood stain the infamouserina and no more hamasides be their actent
	layer_10: let beasts blood stain the infamous erena and no more hamasides be there actent
	layer_12: let beasts blood stain the infamous erena and no more hamasides be there actent

file: 7601-101622-0006.flac
expected: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_2: it was not  nofor the re fit andediv brvely buserefuly to in so motc the thy wer histan curst if theaym mad ane has aftation about wre seving thir deth
	layer_4: it was not anoghfor the tofight andediye bravly but crfully to in somut that they were hist and curst if they mad any has ftation about receeving their deth
	layer_6: it was not enough for themn t o fight and te dye bravely but cierfully too in somutch that they were hist and curst if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_8: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but csherfully too in so much that they were hised and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_10: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too in so much that they were hised and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_12: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too inso much that they were hised and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death

file: 7601-101622-0007.flac
expected: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_2: thi ver gurls themsels sethe mon
	layer_4: the veary girls themsels seathe on
	layer_6: the very girls themselvs set them on
	layer_8: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_10: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_12: the very girls themselves set them on

file: 7601-175351-0000.flac
expected: beginning of revolt
	layer_2: the ginning ovrfvalt
	layer_4: the gining ove reevalt
	layer_6: te gining of revlt
	layer_8: beginning of revult
	layer_10: beginning of revlt
	layer_12: beginning of revlt

file: 7601-175351-0001.flac
expected: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_2: at this an nexhpected comund he suprs was crato on bod the frd
	layer_4: at this unexpected comand the seppris was craton bord the forrd
	layer_6: at this unexpected comound the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_8: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_10: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_12: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward

file: 7601-175351-0002.flac
expected: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_2: likt the firrs i sclimseom
	layer_4: lite the fires exclim som
	layer_6: likht the fires exclim some
	layer_8: like the fires exclaimed som
	layer_10: like the fires exclaimed some
	layer_12: like the fires exclaimed som

file: 7601-175351-0003.flac
expected: what with asked others
	layer_2: art t wis eastoes
	layer_4: oat with astothers
	layer_6: art with as tothers
	layer_8: what with asked others
	layer_10: what with asked others
	layer_12: what with asked others

file: 7601-175351-0004.flac
expected: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_2: and stufthe stove with the masts aden wron
	layer_4: and stuf the stove with he masts atend waran
	layer_6: and stuf the stove with the masts edded waron
	layer_8: and stuff the stove with the masts added waren
	layer_10: and stuffd the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_12: and stuffd the stove with the masts added warin

file: 7601-175351-0005.flac
expected: did you hear me
	layer_2: ti jyou hr m
	layer_4: di you her me
	layer_6: did you hal me
	layer_8: did you hear me
	layer_10: did you hear me
	layer_12: did you hear me

file: 7601-175351-0006.flac
expected: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_2: whosok cried hateres
	layer_4: who sbok crind hateres
	layer_6: who spok cried hatterus
	layer_8: who spok cried haterus
	layer_10: who spoke cried hateras
	layer_12: who spoke cried hatterus

file: 7601-175351-0007.flac
expected: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_2: i deid said pen ad vancsingin toard stecapen
	layer_4: i did said pen ad vansin tard sthe coptin
	layer_6: i did said pen advancingintowards the captin
	layer_8: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_10: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_12: i did said pen advancing towards the captain

file: 7601-175351-0008.flac
expected: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_2: i s anterd pn wats thinos i say wive haanofoit and bwo on go any for ther
	layer_4: i sa anred pen with he noth i say weve haddan nouf o it and bwe won't go any firther
	layer_6: i say answered pin with in oth i say weve had anough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_8: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_10: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_12: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further

file: 7601-175351-0009.flac
expected: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_2: you shent cillus wis hungor an workin the witer and they shen ligte the frs
	layer_4: you shent killous with hunger and work n the wither and they shent lighte the fairs
	layer_6: you shant killus with hunger and work in the witter and they shent light the fars
	layer_8: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the witter and they shan't light the fars
	layer_10: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't like the fars
	layer_12: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't lie the fars

file: 7601-175351-0010.flac
expected: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_2: if you wrepet wa te man ss anceret hateris ol hav you shove upbener cabenin garded
	layer_4: if you wrepeat what the man sis ansered haterus il have yo shu ubenur caben an garded
	layer_6: if you repat what the man says answered hatterus ill have you shur u in your cabin and garded
	layer_8: if you repeat what the man says answered hatterus i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_10: if you repeat what the man says answered hateris i'll have you shut up in your cabin un guarded
	layer_12: if you repeat what the man says answered hateris i'll have you shut up in your cabin un guarded

file: 7601-175351-0011.flac
expected: a murmur was heard
	layer_2: a mermols shrd
	layer_4: amar morwas s herd
	layer_6: a mormer was heard
	layer_8: a mormur was heard
	layer_10: a murmur was heard
	layer_12: a murmur was heard

file: 7601-175351-0012.flac
expected: the engineer followed by plover and warren went down to his post
	layer_2: she anginar follo byplover and won went don tois post
	layer_4: the engineare fullowd by plover and wrne went down to is post
	layer_6: the engenir followed by plover and wrn went down to his post
	layer_8: the engineer followed by plover and warn went down to his post
	layer_10: the engineer followed by plover and wrn went down to his post
	layer_12: the engineer followed by plover and warn went down to his post

file: 7601-175351-0013.flac
expected: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_2: the stem was son got up the ancres er wd and the forword veard awy easet cut ing the un ice wither stele prw
	layer_4: the steeme was soon got up the encrswere waide and the forword veared away east cuting the ung ice with hir steele prow
	layer_6: the steam was soon got up the ancrs were waiyd and the foreward veared away east cutting the ung ice with heir steel prow
	layer_8: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weiged and the forward vered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_10: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weiged and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with heir steel prow
	layer_12: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with heir steel prow

file: 7601-175351-0014.flac
expected: between baring island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_2: betwein berring oland an beatur point ther ar consierbl contaty  ilans in the mitst of icefels the strems croud dogether in eol chanals which cut ouptis part o the se the had a tende a to a gl oeraiete undor ther wrelt ovly lotmportur homokwor forn ther an thairand theas mass a weredy mor compact demner and closere together wohuld son fonm an impenatt robl mas
	layer_4: butween bering olnd and beacur point there ora concitable cantity ofilans in the mist of icefels the streeams croud togethere in the lottle chanals which cut upthis part of the se they had atendedsy to a glomerate under the realit ofely loat emporture homok were formed her in therand thes mases alredy mor compact demcer and clocere together would soonform an impenitrable mas
	layer_6: between baring iland and beachere point there are a considable quantity of ilans in the midst of icefeiels the streams crowed together in the little chanels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendecy to a glomerate under the realative ly loaw temprature humicks were formed her ind there and these masses already more compactd denser and closer together would soon form and impenitrable mass
	layer_8: between bearing island and beacher point there are a considrable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperture hommiks were formed here and there and these masses already more compaced denser and closer together would soonform an impenetrable mass
	layer_10: between bearing island and beacher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to aglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummicks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_12: between bearing island and beacher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to aglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummicks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass

file: 7601-175351-0015.flac
expected: i am beginning not to answered wall
	layer_2: im begini not to andsrd wal
	layer_4: i'm beginai not to and sered wal
	layer_6: i'm begina not to answered wall
	layer_8: i'm beginning not too answered wol
	layer_10: i'm beginning not to answered wal
	layer_12: i'm beginning not to answered wol

file: 7601-175351-0016.flac
expected: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_2: hateres stil hopdofind an open se beon the sovedly so it th paralel a sere ad bwerd bollter had don
	layer_4: hatteres still hopedto find an open ce beoun the sevly s ovf a th peralel as ser ad word bilture had don
	layer_6: hatterus still hope to fined and open cea beyon the sevedysof atth perale as sir edward belture had done
	layer_8: hatterus still hope to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh paralel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_10: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh paralel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_12: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done

file: 7601-175351-0017.flac
expected: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal
	layer_2: at he to tretthesecunces apoc rofl
	layer_4: ouht he to treeatthesicounces apocriful
	layer_6: ouht he to treathese accounces a poriful
	layer_8: ought he to treat these accounses aporiphul
	layer_10: ought he to treat these accountces aporiphul
	layer_12: ought he to treat these accountses apocriphul

file: 7601-175351-0018.flac
expected: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_2: thed nexhti the sun set forf the ferstom ending thus the long seris of ds wath toy foroues a them
	layer_4: the nextay the sounseat for the fir stime ending thus the long sries of dase with tweny for ours an them
	layer_6: the nexday the sunset for the first time ending thus the long siries of days with twenty for hours in them
	layer_8: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_10: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_12: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them

file: 7601-175351-0019.flac
expected: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_2: the men hea inded bygati a cusstomto the contn l daylihte but it had nevermayd ny diffrnsto the animals the gren on dgs onto ther wrast a their custom dore and dik lupdis wregu laly evr vning as stod dartinasad coveren the sci
	layer_4: the men had inded by geting a custem to the continuil day light but it had never mad any diffrence to the animls the greenendogs ent to ther rest at their a custimdowr and dik slupd as regurlly everyevening as tho darness had coverend the scy
	layer_6: the men had inded by getting accustome to the continual day light but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenmon dogs went to their rest at their accustomd our and dicksluped as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the scy
	layer_8: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenand dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slepped as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_10: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenlond dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_12: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenlond dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick sleppt as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky

file: 7601-175351-0020.flac
expected: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_2: the docter by fall o ing jouncons ad dvice a cestamt himself to suportha lo timertur he o most oiys stayd on deck reyving the cold the wend an the sno
	layer_4: the doctr by following joncons ad dvice a custemd himself to support the lowtimbverter he ommost awiys stade on deck breaving the cold the wend an the sno
	layer_6: the doctor by following joncons advice accustomed himself to support the low temberture he almost always stayede on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_8: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperture he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_10: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_12: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow

file: 7601-175351-0021.flac
expected: there's more than one amongst us who would like to imitate them i think
	layer_2: thers mothan one among stu sho wad likc do en imantat the my think
	layer_4: thes morethen oneamong stoss ho wuld loke do in imetat the my think
	layer_6: there's more than one among stuswho would like to an imitate the my think
	layer_8: thereis more than one among stus who would like to an imitate tham i think
	layer_10: there'is more than one amongst us who would like to an imitate them i think
	layer_12: there's more than one amongst us who would like to an imitate them i think

file: 7601-175351-0022.flac
expected: they are cowards mister clawbonny those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_2: the r cowd s misteclo bony thoshanaml s had noproviions s we heove and tor blde so sethire foud wrd is to be found
	layer_4: they re cowds misticlaw bony those enimalse had no provisions as we heave and or ablides sto sek ther fouod worid is to be found
	layer_6: they are cowrds mister calow bony those animals havd no provisions as we have and or oblides to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_8: they are cowards mister clabony those animals havd no provisions as we have and are oblige to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_10: they are cowards mister claw bony those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_12: they are cowards mister claw bony those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found

file: 7601-175351-0023.flac
expected: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_2: you hop that hater ashual sihed thend
	layer_4: you hope  that haterish will sicce thend
	layer_6: you hope that hatteris will succeed then
	layer_8: you hope that hatterich will succeed then
	layer_10: you hope that hatteris will succeed then
	layer_12: you hope that hatterish will succeed then

file: 7601-175351-0024.flac
expected: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_2: he sertinly wlmister claobony
	layer_4: he sertainly wil mister clollbony
	layer_6: he certainly will mister clawbony
	layer_8: he certainly will mister clabony
	layer_10: he certainly will mister clawbony
	layer_12: he certainly will mister clabonny

file: 7601-175351-0025.flac
expected: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_2: im mo the same e pennas yu joson andi feon ly wanted one faful cobain he l heave to
	layer_4: im of the same apinonas you janson and a feonly anted one fathful combaion he l have to
	layer_6: iam of the same opinion as you joncon and if he only wanted one faithful combaion he'll have too
	layer_8: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have too
	layer_10: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_12: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two

file: 7601-175351-0026.flac
expected: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinnell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_2: princs elbert land whitch the ford was ten costin bers aso tha tamov guinw lan an tho hateruss from his hatred to the aes woul never colat bt simrcon nim it is the onit genlla gos biy
	layer_4: prince elbrt land which the forrwred was then costing bers also then am of grinow lan and thog hatteres from his hatred to the anies would never collit by ts immarkon am it is the onit genly gose by
	layer_6: prince elbert land which the forward was then costing bears also the name of grine land and though hatterus from his hatred to the anxes would never callit by its emericanname it is the onit generally gos by
	layer_8: prince elbert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinel land and though hatters from his hatred to the ankees would never call it by its american name it is the oneat generally goes by
	layer_10: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinel land and though hateras from his hatred to the yankes would never call it by its american name it is the one at generally goes by
	layer_12: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinell land and though haterus from his hatred to the yankes would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by

file: 7601-175351-0027.flac
expected: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_2: on the atintevoges thy sited i bretony a mout scarsely visible ho the mest and the forword wad ankurd the necxhtay in nort thumbrel an bay
	layer_4: on the ateent o alges they sitedbretony amountan scarcely visible thogh the mist and the forward wad ancur the nuxtay in northumberlan bay
	layer_6: on the eighteenth of agus they sitedbratany amountain scircely visible through the mist and the forward waied ancur the next day in northumbrland bay
	layer_8: on the eighteenth of augus they sigted bretania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weid anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_10: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the foreward wighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_12: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the foreward wighed anchor the next day in north umberland bay

file: 7641-96684-0000.flac
expected: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men
	layer_2: adasim mordl apollo supto ern his read amons men
	layer_4: and asi mortl upolow sopto ern his bread amonsd men
	layer_6: and as a mordal a polo sop to earn his bread amonstmen
	layer_8: and as a mordal apollo soppe to earn his bread amonstmen
	layer_10: and as a mortal apolo sop to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_12: and as a mortal apollo sop to earn his bread amonst men

file: 7641-96684-0001.flac
expected: afterward people wondered at admetus's ever smiling face and ever radiant being
	layer_2: aftoard pepl onderdatt ad medices eversmiling fa e everratin ben
	layer_4: aftoward people onderdat ad metices ever smiling face and eveerrating ben
	layer_6: afterward people wondered ata meisces ever smiling face and everatiing ben
	layer_8: afterward people wondered atta medaces ever smiling face and everatang being
	layer_10: afterwards people wandered at at medicis ever smiling face and everatiang being
	layer_12: afterward people wandered at at medicis ever smiling face and everading being

file: 7641-96684-0002.flac
expected: that was before admetus sailed on the argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_2: thet was befor ad mator sal thon arago withjraton and thecpanins of the quest
	layer_4: thoat was beforead mader sal tonh arago with jracon and the copaniins of the quesst
	layer_6: that was before ad mettus sailed on h rago with jacen and the copanions of the quest
	layer_8: that was before ad mete sailed on h argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_10: that was before id medu sailed on argo with jacson and the companions of the quest
	layer_12: that was before ad metu sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest

file: 7641-96684-0003.flac
expected: thereafter admetus having the love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_2: ther after d medeus hovin lov of al cesstis waseveen mor happe than he had been befor
	layer_4: there after ad meduce havein love of al cestis was even more happy than he had been befor
	layer_6: there after admeduce haven love of alcestice was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_8: thereafter ad meduc having love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_10: thereafter ad medus having love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_12: thereafter ad medus having e love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before

file: 7641-96684-0004.flac
expected: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_2: a ratdin figerdt ws and ad matr sn that dis os a plo com tm magen
	layer_4: a readiant figur at was and ad meter s new that dis os u polow come to  again
	layer_6: aradient figur it was and admetters knew that dis was apolow come to him again
	layer_8: a radiant figure it was and id metuse knew that dhis was apollo come to him again
	layer_10: a radiant figure it was and id meus knew that this was apallo come to him again
	layer_12: a radiant figure it was and id metus knew that this was apallo come to him again

file: 7641-96684-0005.flac
expected: but apollo turned to admetus a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but apallo turne to ad matese a fate otuws withou doy
	layer_4: but apolow turned to ad metis a face that was without joy
	layer_6: but a polo turne to admetis a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but apollo turned to admetice a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but apolo turned to admetic a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but apallo turned to admetic a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0006.flac
expected: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admetus
	layer_2: what yeus of happin iss hov ben minna palowt you yor frenship frorme sid nad matise
	layer_4: what yous of happin es have been myiknow polowthrou your frenship from me said nadmeatise
	layer_6: what yous of happiness have been my nowa pallow through your friendship fror me said nadmetis
	layer_8: what yus of happiness have been mi noapallo through your friendship for me said admedic
	layer_10: what yeus of happiness have been my oapolow through your friendship for me said edmedic
	layer_12: what yeas of happiness have been my o apallow through your friendship for me said edmedic

file: 7641-96684-0007.flac
expected: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_2: bet stil a palorstoud beforn with h a fay sto was withou jroy
	layer_4: but still upolo stood befor enm with a fa sot was without droy
	layer_6: but still a palo stood beforhim with a face that was without jroy
	layer_8: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without jroy
	layer_10: but still apalo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but still apallo stood before him with a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0008.flac
expected: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetus
	layer_2: he spo con is vos was no tha clern vivberenfois tha he had onts in spekin tad metis
	layer_4: he spo cun isvose was not that cler n viaberen foie that he had oncs in speaking toad metis
	layer_6: he spok ind his voice was not that clear ind vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetis
	layer_8: he spoke in his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admedice
	layer_10: he spoke in his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admedic
	layer_12: he spoke in his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetic

file: 7641-96684-0009.flac
expected: admetus admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_2: ad metis ad metius he said itd is frme to celyou that you ma kno mor loocon  b scin r wack apon the greners
	layer_4: ad metise ad metiucs he said it is frome thotell ou that you ma kno more looc on the bluosciyn nor walck apon the greenerth
	layer_6: admitice admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blu sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_8: admetice admetac he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_10: admetic admetuc he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_12: admitic admetic he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth

file: 7641-96684-0010.flac
expected: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to him admetus admetus know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_2: it ist rre to tell ou that the gart of th ungdrwlto wel howve you cometomadt mutes and metis no tha eveen nowu the godof thundoald if sending dethfrou
	layer_4: it ist re to tell ou that the gard of the underwaldto wilhoave you come to met mutese and metise no tha eveen now the god of thondrald is sending deathfr you
	layer_6: it ist re to tell you that the god of the underwold will have you come to a edmetise and metis no tha even now the god of thandold is scendin death for you
	layer_8: it is tome to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to amedmedics and medice no that even now the god of thandwrld is sending death for you
	layer_10: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to amedmedis and metic know that even now the god of thunderworld is sending death for you
	layer_12: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to amedmedis and metic know that even now the god of th underwold is sending death for you

file: 7641-96684-0011.flac
expected: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetus
	layer_2: if one will go wiling ly in thi plys with deth thow can stil ly lon goad metis
	layer_4: if orne wll go willingly ind thyt place with deth dou canc still livon go ad metis
	layer_6: if one will go willingly in tht place with death dou can't still live on go atmetise
	layer_8: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou cant still live on go admedice
	layer_10: if one will go willingly in tht place with death thou cant still live on go admetic
	layer_12: if one will go willingly in thyt place with death thou can't still live on go edmetic

file: 7641-96684-0012.flac
expected: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grinding corn between two stones
	layer_2: a than he cam pon antien omin ho sa uponstoransan the qortard griincornd betwein to stons
	layer_4: nd then he came pon antient ormin who sat upon stons in the cortard grindincarnd butween to stons
	layer_6: and then he came pon  ancient woman who sat upon stoens ind the cortard gringdin corned between two stones
	layer_8: and then he came pona ancient woman who sat upon stones in the cortyard gdrinedan corn between two stones
	layer_10: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind an corn between two stones
	layer_12: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind and corn between two stones

file: 7641-96684-0013.flac
expected: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_2: ther shuwas sinas hi had forsno her with ar asablerd and erd me shake and wih the dust of the qort goardin thusxs of the qrn in o motedhar
	layer_4: ther she was sidnas he had firs ono her with aur ase blerd anderdne shakined and with the dust of the cort ard in the husks of the cuarn in re mated hare
	layer_6: there she was sidnas he had first know her with her eyes bleared and herne shaking and with the dust of the cort yard in the husks of the qorn in er madted hair
	layer_8: there she was siden as he had first knowe her with her eyes bleared and hereneys shaking and with the dust of the court yard an the husks of the corn in her maddid hair
	layer_10: there she was siddnas he had first known her with her eyes bleierd and herne shaking and with the dust of the court yard and the husks of the corn in her madded hair
	layer_12: there she was siddn as he had first known her with her eyes blierd and hernes shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her madded hair

file: 7641-96684-0014.flac
expected: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the king and go with death
	layer_2: he went tor and spokpe tur and he aster to dake uplaceof the keein and gowith det
	layer_4: he went tore and spoket er and he aster to take the place of the kn and go with deth
	layer_6: he went toer and spokedt her and he aster to take the place of the ken and go with death
	layer_8: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_10: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_12: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death

file: 7641-96684-0015.flac
expected: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_2: but wen she herd the name wof des or acaminto hfase of thantu womn and hoe crid out that she ould no lat dest come near her
	layer_4: but wen she herd the name of des hor acame into th face of the antrued women and she crid out that shewould not let des come near her
	layer_6: but when she heard the name of death hore came into the face of the antered woman and she cried out that she would not let deth come near her
	layer_8: but when she heard the name of death hor came into the face of the ancted woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_10: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_12: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her

file: 7641-96684-0016.flac
expected: admetus took the man's shriveled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and go with death that was coming for him
	layer_2: atd metistiok he man shir ileld hand and he astem if e wouldnot take the kins plice and goth deth tht was commin for him
	layer_4: ad medistook the man shibiled hand and he astirm if you would not take the kins place and goth deth that was comeing for him
	layer_6: ad metis took th mans shibled hand and he astim if you would not take the kin's place and goath death that was coming for him
	layer_8: admedice took the mans shiveled hand and he asked him if you would not take the kin's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_10: edmetic took the man shiveled hand and he asked him if hou would not take the kin's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_12: edmetic took the man' shivelled hand and he asked him if he would not take the kin's place and goeth death that was coming for him

file: 7641-96684-0017.flac
expected: then admetus went into the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the underworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones around the palace would take his place
	layer_2: then ad mendis wintinto the powse and into the cham or s bedas ande lay downon abed and he lo mented that he would haf to go with det thou was comen for him from the garde of tondawld and helementend that nonof the rehu gons runpous woetak is place
	layer_4: then ad mendis wintinto the powise and into the chamebore is bedwas and he lay down on the bead and he lamented that he would hale to go with deth thou was comein for him from  the god of lhond awarld and he lemented that non of the rechud ones roun pouse woerd tak his place
	layer_6: then admetus wint in to the powase and into the chambware is bed was and he la down uon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death thau was comine for him from the god of landaworld and he lamented that none of the reched ones rounhe pouse would take his place
	layer_8: then admetac went in to the palace and into the chamberworhi's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of lande world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones roun hepouse would take his place
	layer_10: then admetic went into the palace and into the chamberwer's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landeworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the pouce would take his place
	layer_12: then admetis went into the palace and into the chamberwer's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landoworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the pouce would take his place

file: 7641-96684-0018.flac
expected: one should go in your place for you are the king and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_2: one should goon yuplce for youar the kn an houve meny gread faire stou tentu
	layer_4: one should go an yu place for you are the ken and have many greadeo fair stou tentou
	layer_6: one should go in yur place for you are the kin and have many great a fair s to attentou
	layer_8: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attent you
	layer_10: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend you
	layer_12: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend you

file: 7641-96684-0019.flac
expected: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_2: now the fout steps seeme tostoup
	layer_4: now the fout steps seemed to stop
	layer_6: now the foot steps seemed to stop
	layer_8: now the foot steps seemed to stop
	layer_10: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_12: now the footsteps seemed to stop

file: 7641-96684-0020.flac
expected: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_2: it was not so tarwl for hi mes befor
	layer_4: it was not so tarbl for him mas before
	layer_6: it was not so teirible for him as before
	layer_8: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_10: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_12: it was not so terible for him as before

file: 7641-96684-0021.flac
expected: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_2: and the wordse hacsbokin he woud hof takin back sthe wrd sad brot her consent togo was deth inn his place
	layer_4: and the words he hat spoken he would have taken back the wordsth had brought her consent to go wash deth in his place
	layer_6: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words tha had broght her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_8: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_10: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_12: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place

file: 7641-96684-0022.flac
expected: death would soon be here for her
	layer_2: dat the would suen becearfor her
	layer_4: daththe would sun be cere for her
	layer_6: death would soon be her for her
	layer_8: death would soon be here for her
	layer_10: death would soon be here for her
	layer_12: death would soon be here for her

file: 7641-96684-0023.flac
expected: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace
	layer_2: no not her fore he wou not have des com minto the pous
	layer_4: no not her for hou would not have det cote minto the pouse
	layer_6: no not here for hu would not have deth come in to the pouse
	layer_8: no not here for he would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_10: no not here for he would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_12: no not here for he would not have death come into the pouse

file: 7641-96684-0024.flac
expected: he lifted alcestis from the bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_2: he liftod olcestis fron bed andecard r o from the peus
	layer_4: he liftod al cesstis fron bed and ecarried r from the pouse
	layer_6: he lift ed allcestist fromn bed and he carried er from the pouse
	layer_8: he lifted acestus from bed and he carried her from the palce
	layer_10: he lifted alcestus from bed and he carried her from the palce
	layer_12: he lifted alcestus from bed and he carried her from the palace

file: 7641-96684-0025.flac
expected: no more speech came from her
	layer_2: nu mrspeach cam from er
	layer_4: no mor spach came from her
	layer_6: no more speach came from her
	layer_8: no more speech came from her
	layer_10: no more speech came from her
	layer_12: no more speech came from her

file: 7641-96684-0026.flac
expected: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestis had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_2: ad ouse fer ad meters he went withthen the cham ber a note besid do bead on wohch lces ti sadlane and thot of i sharbl lase
	layer_4: and ous for ad meterse he wint within the chameber an nolt besidthebad on which al ceste sad lain and thogt of his arible los
	layer_6: and alse for ad medters he went within the chamber and nelt besid the bed on which all kest his sadlain and thoght of his terible loss
	layer_8: and as for admedeurcs he went within the chamber and knelp beside the bed on which all kest hise sadlane and thought of his erible loss
	layer_10: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and kelptd beside the bed on which alkestis sadlane and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_12: and as for admetes he went within the chamber and knelpt beside the bed on which alcestis sadlaine and thought of his terrible loss

file: 7641-96684-0027.flac
expected: to what god is that sacrifice due
	layer_2: to what gar brsa sct fi stdo
	layer_4: to what gar is that sec f i s do
	layer_6: to what gord is that sacfis do
	layer_8: to what god des that sacfice do
	layer_10: to what god does that sacrfice do
	layer_12: to what god does that sacrfice do

file: 7641-96684-0028.flac
expected: and then heracles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_2: and then roklys felt that nota lyberwas beforhim
	layer_4: and then rocklyes felt that nother labor was before him
	layer_6: and then rocckles felt that nother labor was before him
	layer_8: and then veracklis felt that another labour was before him
	layer_10: and then vraklis felt that another labour was before him
	layer_12: and then vracklis felt that another labor was before him

file: 7641-96684-0029.flac
expected: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_2: ive tdrid d out from lundlrld he fot the hownd dh a gards lo s whom despren sown ingera the reoln of the gout of thundrwald
	layer_4: i have draged oup from the undowrld he thougt the hound tha gards los whom deshpreensown inter the relm of the god of thundrold
	layer_6: i have draged up from the undrworld he thought the hound that gards los whom dethpren sown inteo the relm of the god of the underold
	layer_8: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards los whom death rn sown into the ralm of the god of the underworld
	layer_10: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards lose whom death brin sown into the ralm of the god of the underworld
	layer_12: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards lose whom death brin down into the realm of the god of the underwold

file: 7641-96684-0030.flac
expected: why should i not strive with death
	layer_2: whi shoulg i not strive with deth
	layer_4: wi shord in ot strive with deth
	layer_6: why sould i not strive with death
	layer_8: why should i not strive with death
	layer_10: why should i not strive with death
	layer_12: why should i not strive with death

file: 7641-96684-0031.flac
expected: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_2: and woea noble n it would bet ring bact this fafl wonmin tore hous anto herhusmend
	layer_4: and wad e noble then it would be t bring back this fahful woman to r house and to her husbend
	layer_6: and wat a noblethen it would be to bring back this fathful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_8: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_10: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_12: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband

file: 7641-96684-0032.flac
expected: he left the palace of admetus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_2: heluthe polse of id mettus and he wintolthe complof the gards
	layer_4: he lef the palse of admeduse and he winto the temple of the gods
	layer_6: he left the palise of edmerus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_8: he left the palace of edmeruce and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_10: he left the palace of edmerus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_12: he left the palace of edmeris and he went to the temple of the gods

file: 7641-96684-0033.flac
expected: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_2: you ar hel by me des and yowlllok be lut g in lushyou prom astog o forte from the stample with out brening one wit
	layer_4: you are held by me deth and you will notk be let go ind luss yo prommosto go forth from the stample without breening one with you
	layer_6: you are held by me deth and you will not belet go and less you promise to go forth from thistemple without breening one with you
	layer_8: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without breening one with you
	layer_10: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without breinging one with you
	layer_12: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you

file: 7641-96684-0034.flac
expected: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_2: and det noing that heraclese could hardam ther and thout the bises s of the goud of mundrwale would be lufton don of hu were held prom mes nt heu wa leve the tomple with ou bringon withim
	layer_4: and deth noing that herackles could hold him ther and that the busness of the god of tunderwald would be left on don of heu were held prommes that he wal leved the tomple without brin one withim
	layer_6: and death nowing that harrackles could hold him there and that the business of the god of tlanderwld would be left un don if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_8: and death knowing that heraclis could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerwald would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_10: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerwod would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_12: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the anderwod would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bring one with him

file: 7641-96684-0035.flac
expected: she was veiled and admetus could not see her features
	layer_2: she was vldanad mentis could not se her feters
	layer_4: she was vald an ad mentis could not see her features
	layer_6: she was vailed and admenis could not see her fatures
	layer_8: she was veailed and admendace could not see her features
	layer_10: she was veled and admeniced could not see her features
	layer_12: she was veiled and admenice could not see her features

file: 7641-96684-0036.flac
expected: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_2: eris a wlminwho mi am breng back tor husmend i wong her from heanme
	layer_4: her is awlmen who miy am bren back to r husmend i wone her from an anime
	layer_6: here is a woman whom i am brin back to her husmand i wone her from anenemy
	layer_8: here is a woman whom i am bran back to her husband i wan her from an enemy
	layer_10: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i wan her from an enemy
	layer_12: here is a woman whom i am brigng back to her husband i wan her from an enemy

file: 7641-96684-0037.flac
expected: this i cannot do said admetus i have had pangs enough
	layer_2: thisi can ot d saten metis ave had pans e noh
	layer_4: this sike cannot dot saded metis ave had pans ano
	layer_6: this i cannot do saiderd metice iave had pains enoug
	layer_8: this i cannot do sad ed medice i've had pains enough
	layer_10: this i cannot do said medic i've had pains enough
	layer_12: this i cannot do saidmeddic i've had pains enough

file: 7641-96684-0038.flac
expected: then admetus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house
	layer_2: thenat beteo s ras tho vil of the woman he had takcang cruss  the thir shaldrf hi s hus
	layer_4: then at bete srase the val of the woman he had takeen cross of the thir shold of his hous
	layer_6: then at metturs raized the vail of the woman he had taken cross of the thirsholdeof his hous
	layer_8: then at medus raiszed the veil of the woman he had taken across  the thiholder of his hous
	layer_10: then at metus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thrsholder of his house
	layer_12: then at metus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thrsholder of his house

file: 7641-96252-0000.flac
expected: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_2: thus wen dogmas ledith what the man rilly and inganol wils r man stil the same
	layer_4: thus weindogmas led it what the man rilly and injenel wills r main stil the same
	layer_6: thus whin dogmaus lad it what the man rilly and ingeneral willvs remain still the same
	layer_8: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_10: thus when dogmust lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_12: thus when dogmust lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same

file: 7641-96252-0001.flac
expected: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_2: for these ir caveful ally for lmselse for tir on egoasim jusigta bandit tfrom wh theyare anly de ste wish peytibsirdy of their mems
	layer_4: for these re careful alnly for tlhemselvs for ther on eagosam jusligethe bandit tfrom whom they are only destn wich bytheserty of their mens
	layer_6: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just ike the bandit from whom they are only distng uish by thebserty of their means
	layer_8: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandet from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdy of their means
	layer_10: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absuridy of their means
	layer_12: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absuridy of their means

file: 7641-96252-0002.flac
expected: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_2: the deves an condut oran ind ofvigul and of e nation maid be vraym much mot fid todobgas exsampl ancustem
	layer_4: the deees and condoct oran inde vigal and of anation may be vry much motifid to dogas example and custim
	layer_6: the deedes and conduct of an individual and of anation may be vary much motified thugh dogmas example and custom
	layer_8: the deedes and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified hough dogmas example ancustom
	layer_10: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_12: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom

file: 7641-96252-0003.flac
expected: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_2: with an equl te greof woicanniss one man ma diou awl ninoler inebusn hof vis famly
	layer_4: with an equle do greof wikaness one man may dion  aweal an anotler intebosn of is famly
	layer_6: with an equal degree of wikeness one man may dy on the wel an another in the bosm of his family
	layer_8: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the whel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_10: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_12: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family

file: 7641-96252-0004.flac
expected: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_2: it iscanseveabal tha perfit stat or perhaps inded a compleat and firnly blev docton of er arsn pumthmienc afte deth mi pro veant everycrime po liticlyng luch woul begamnedo thir viy marrly nuthine on thexpression of the wil in life woud bear sticte
	layer_4: it is conceeveabl thi a perfict stat or perhaps inded acompleat and firmily belive docton of er wards and punshmence after deth might prvent everycrime politiclyng much would bee gaineto theirvy morly nothin oney the xpression of the will in life would bear stricte
	layer_6: it is conceivable thy a perfet state or perhaps indeed a complte and firmly believe doctiron of er wards and punshments after death might provent every crime politically much would be gaine to their vi morily nothing onlar the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_8: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrion of rwards and punshments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained their vi morouly nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_10: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained their by moroally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_12: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained their by morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted

file: 7641-96252-0005.flac
expected: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_2: we who eare seek the teriofver tu and have theirfor aset oxpressend stacty then natrovf lhe nde which lsat tit sfondation wil yet beunnable to conva that mage it sel in wisuxprestion
	layer_4: we who her seek the thery ofvertu and have theire for asito expressastractly then neater of the nalge which lis at its fondation weilyet beanable to convay that nage it self in thisuxpression
	layer_6: we who heare seeke the theri of virtu and have there fore also to expresstive stractly the nate of the nowge which lize at its foundation will yet be unable to convay that noged itself in the suxpression
	layer_8: we who here sek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express ibstractly the nature of the knowledge which lis at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowldge itself in this expression
	layer_10: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abtractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knoledge itself in this expression
	layer_12: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abtractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression

file: 7641-96252-0006.flac
expected: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only belongs to a fleeting and illusive phenomenon
	layer_2: he sesat the stinction thetoen ihself adelers which t the bad man is so great aga only bln tr  flein and lonse of froommom
	layer_4: he sese at the  stinction be tween hmself and ellers which two the bad man is so greaht a goth only blon thro  fleadin and lous of fenommom
	layer_6: he seesd that the dstinction between himself and elars which to the badman is so great o goth only blan tou a fleding and eluceive panominom
	layer_8: he sees that the distinction between himself and olhers which to the bad man is so great a goth only blons throug a fleeding and lusive phenoono
	layer_10: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a golth only blonds throug a fleeting and illusive phenomeno
	layer_12: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a golth only blonds throgh a fleeting and ellusive phenomenom

file: 7641-96252-0007.flac
expected: he recognises himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_2: he vrecanasis impsel his wil anevere beneeand contcuently osowin the suffer
	layer_4: he recan is is imself his will in every ben and concquintly oso in the suffer
	layer_6: he reconnize it himself his will inevery been and consquently also in the suffer
	layer_8: he recognizeesd himself his will in every been and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_10: he recognizes himself his will in every beeng and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_12: he recognizes himself his will in every being and consequently also in the suffer

file: 7641-96252-0008.flac
expected: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_2: but laders the nesesery ind i neved bl simtomof that noagh
	layer_4: buth ladrs the nessecery and ineverdbal simpti of that nge
	layer_6: but the laers the necessary and ineverdbale symptim of that knoge
	layer_8: but the latters the necessary and inaviable symptom of that knowdge
	layer_10: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowldge
	layer_12: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge

file: 7641-96252-0009.flac
expected: the opposite of the sting of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_2: the apsaid of the stiin of cuntions the rrgonan signeficince of whiches xpline bot is e good consions the saese faction which rexperins after every disintrusstie ded
	layer_4: the opsit of the stein of contiens the orgon and significince of which es explinedabove is the good consions the saesfaction which we expearins after every disintrested ded
	layer_6: the opsit of the steen of consiene the organ and significance of which is explained above is the good consiense the satisfaction which we experence after every disinterested deed
	layer_8: the oposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_10: the oposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experienced after every disinterested deed
	layer_12: the opposite of the steen of consciene the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed

file: 7641-96252-0010.flac
expected: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_2: the goud man lis in wore ld afrenly in vigls the wel bein ofvany of from heragorgs s hesson
	layer_4: the good man lives ind world ofrenily invidals the well ben aveny of rom her agarsas this on
	layer_6: the good man lives in world of friendly inviduals the well bein a vany of whom heregardes as this own
	layer_8: the good man lives in world af friendly inividuals the well being of any of whom heregards as his own
	layer_10: the good man lives in world o friendly inividuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_12: the good man lives in world o friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own

file: 7641-96252-0011.flac
expected: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make his disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serenity of disposition
	layer_2: therefre allo the noge of the lot of mancin genaly des mnot my colds dis pesition ajifone yeat the promnin monge of iso naturin all loin bens give sima ser eveness and avenstrend of dispisition
	layer_4: therefor alow the nage of the lot of mancingenerly desnot ma calds disposition a joyfone yet the promininmalange of iso naturin al livin bens gives omcere evenness and aven srendy of dispisition
	layer_6: therefore all though the nodge of the lot of man kind generally does not mak e its disposition a joyfon yet the prominan molege of his ow nature in all living beans give thom acerain evenness and aven srendy of disposition
	layer_8: therefore although the knowdge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfl ine yet the pereminente nowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives hom a certain evenness and aven srenidy of disposition
	layer_10: therefore although the knoldge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfull ne yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serenidy of disposition
	layer_12: therefore although the knoldge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyful one yet the perermanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serenidy of disposition

file: 7641-96252-0012.flac
expected: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_2: for th intres whichus extende d i meorboard m infistations cnot co suchiinsidty as thot whichis consutrated apon one
	layer_4: for thintres which as extended to innemrbold minfistations cnot caus suchinxity as that which his consirtrated upon one
	layer_6: for the interestd which has extended to inumerabuld minfestations canot cause such inxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_8: for the interest which is extended to innumerabl minifistations can not cause such anxiety as that which is concetrated upon one
	layer_10: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifistations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_12: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one

file: 7641-96252-0013.flac
expected: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalise themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_2: thaxident which concer indf thituals clectevly iqulis imselves whal thos which happinto the perticuler indof thitl costu gide oar bad forton
	layer_4: haxidence which concern ind visuals colecdively ecquais imselves wall those which happin to the perticular ind vigual constut good or bad forton
	layer_6: thaccidence which concern ind ivituals colectively equlis hmselves whale those which happene to the particular individual constute good or bad fortun
	layer_8: theaccidents which concern individuals collectively equalise thmselves while those which happened to the particular individual constute good or bad fortune
	layer_10: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_12: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune

file: 7641-96252-0014.flac
expected: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no ought or law to prescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_2: thus tho otherse hu sut of morlprins pose whichs layga toutas prscipions foverto and las whichit was nesesard fal y as has ory bensain cono du tis becus i have no out or loth wrscid to tlturnly fre wil
	layer_4: thus thog others have set up morl princepls which they gavoutas prosciptions forvertu and laws which it was nesisared follg i as has alry ben sad conno dou ths becus i have no ogt or lot werescibe to theturnalyd fre will
	layer_6: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give outd as prescriptions for virtu and laws which it was necesaried follow i as has alrabeen said cannot do this because i have no ot or loht werescribed to the ternily free will
	layer_8: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has alray been said cannot do this because i have no ugt or lat rescribed to the aternally free will
	layer_10: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has alray been said cannot do this because i have no ught or lagt prescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_12: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has alrady been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lat prescribed to the eternally free will

file: 7641-96252-0015.flac
expected: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_2: for the thenthisse can ot go forlarges issnoreason perfrin te indo tijuaody of moler to hsoun
	layer_4: for ther tenthis ac cannot go for lergs thes now reason froperfirdn t indof viguody of nmother to itsoun
	layer_6: forter lan this it cannot go for ther egxs his no reason for perfered in the individuality of nether to its own
	layer_8: further than this it cannot go for ther exist no reason for perfering in the indiividuality of nether to its own
	layer_10: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferringng the individuality of another to its own
	layer_12: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferringng the individuality of another to its own

file: 7641-96252-0016.flac
expected: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the regard for one's own particular well being
	layer_2: yet the noumber of other indofvitule s whose hoal hop nisser life is angandr maout waitheragard for ons on pirticol ir well bene
	layer_4: yet the noumber of other indviduals whose ho hapnesser life is anddangre ma out wayther gard for ones on perticuar well bean
	layer_6: yet the number of other indtividuals whose hole happnes or life is in danger may out way ther  gard for ones own particular well beng
	layer_8: yet the number of other intdividuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outway thereguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_10: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life as in danger may outwa the reguard for one's own particular well beeing
	layer_12: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life as in danger may outway the reguard for one's own particular well being

file: 7641-96252-0017.flac
expected: so died socrates and giordano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hands of the priests
	layer_2: sodid soctsangeur domo bronow and so many seare of the tru t suffer des at the stak at the hand of tle pres
	layer_4: so didt socties an gear donno brono and so many her of the truth sufferd dets at the stake at the hand of the prese
	layer_6: so dide socercies and gardano bruno and so many hero of the truth suffer death at the stake at the hand of the prese
	layer_8: so died socaties and girdano bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_10: so died socrates and girdano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_12: so died socrates and girdano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest

file: 7641-96252-0018.flac
expected: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_2: wepin his carly simpetl witheronseeles ore semp te drected bak on it sors
	layer_4: we peng is cornly simpetty with ir own selvds or sempo tee drected back on it sorse
	layer_6: weping is ccordinly sympathly with ur onselves or sempthy directed back on its sorce
	layer_8: weeping is accordintly sympathy with our ownselves or sempty directed back on its source
	layer_10: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our owncelves or symphy directed back on its source
	layer_12: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our owncelves or symphy directed back on its source

file: 7641-96252-0019.flac
expected: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_2: it isthere for condituna ouponthec cass u for lavencsit poth and oso one amanation
	layer_4: it is there for conditional upon theco passt u for lovencsit pothe and also ponimadginetion
	layer_6: it is therefor conditional upon the copasue for lovan sit pathy and al so pan a magination
	layer_8: it is therefore conditional upon the copasue for love and sipathy and also pon imagination
	layer_10: it is therefore conditional upon the capascu for love and simpathy and also pon imagination
	layer_12: it is therefore conditional upon the capascu for love and sympathy and also upon imagination

file: 7641-96252-0020.flac
expected: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_2: whene we ar mo totars nothoar onsufering buthyu thatof hamother this happens ast falts
	layer_4: when we ar move to tears not throu are oncsuffering but throug that o anmother this happent as follows
	layer_6: when we are moved to tears not throug oure own suffering but through that of another this happenes as follows
	layer_8: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_10: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_12: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows

file: 7641-96252-0021.flac
expected: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_2: ithe we viver ly pulturselvsin theplacon the sufer byi magnation ore see in his fat the lot of u mandi as ho and cons quently forsof all ar ownlot and thusin ovay round ot way dos e at awiys abouter sele sot wu ep simpa the with arsel whichee feal this seemes to bee the prinsworison of the unoversl and thusnatural wepeen in the casof deth
	layer_4: eithe we vivrly put orselves ind the placonm the suffer  by mag nation ore sein his fate the louht of umandias a hol and conse quently firs ofal or own lot hand thusin a vary round bout way i is  et alwies abouter selfe sat wewep simpo the with urselvfeth which we feal this seemes to be the princeworieson of the univer sal and tus natural wepen in the case of deth
	layer_6: ether we vividly put ourselves in the place of the suffer by a magination or se in is fate the loght of huwmandy as a whole and consquently firs of all oure own lot and thus in a very round boutway it is yet alwys about orselves that we wep simpathy with ourselve which we fel this seems to be the princwalereason of the univercal and thus natural weping in the case of death
	layer_8: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the suffer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole und consequently firs of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselv which we feel this seems to be the principale reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_10: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principl reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_12: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principl reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death

file: 7641-96252-0022.flac
expected: first of all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wished for deliverance
	layer_2: for soall he sernlyegips for th fat of the dad but he lsweps winn afte lon havy nd in cer bl sufferin deth lasto this man oawishfor dto livrencs
	layer_4: for sall he sernaly weeaps for the fat of the dead but hels weps win aftelong havy and in cear bl sufferin death wasd to this man o wishfor de liverence
	layer_6: for soall he ceraialy weaps for the fate of the dead but he alsweeps whin after long heavy and incearible suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverence
	layer_8: for so all he certanly weeps for the fate of the dead but he als weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_10: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_12: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance

file: 7641-96670-0000.flac
expected: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_2: they wer in te lande thi spee ewl said beforthe mon had comin to  scy
	layer_4: they were in the land thispeopll said before the mon had come into the sci
	layer_6: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_8: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_10: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_12: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky

file: 7641-96670-0001.flac
expected: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with king sesostris stayed in that city of aea and they taught people spells that could stay the moon in her going and coming in her rising and setting
	layer_2: and meny of tem megitions ofreaguptoad com with kns esostres stad e lout sidy o vaya and tey topepl s ells ut could sta the moninr ragoin an commin in arisin ansedime
	layer_4: and many of the magitions of veageop to had come with kansesostres staded lat sity ofvaya and they tot beople spels hat could stay the moninera goin and coming in arris in inseddin
	layer_6: and many of the magitians of egip who had come with kind sosostress stad i lat cityovaya and they taght people spells that could stay the moninr going and coming in arrisong and setding
	layer_8: and many of the magicians of esgypt who had come with gene esastrus stayede in that city o vaya and they tahkt people spells that could stay the moonan re going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_10: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with gemne sasastrus stayed in that city ovaa and they taughkt people spells that could stay the moonanre going and coming in arizing and setting
	layer_12: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with gamne sesastrus stayed in that city o ea and they taughkt people spells that could stay the moonanere going and coming in arizin and setting

file: 7641-96670-0002.flac
expected: medea too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon
	layer_2: me ya too his wys doter meunt the cecret s touth by thos w couldswaithe mon
	layer_4: med ia two his wis doter num the securet s tot by thoes who ould sway the mon
	layer_6: media two his wise dater new the secrts toped by thoese who could swaythe moon
	layer_8: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets taped by those who could sway the moon
	layer_10: media too his wies daughter knew the secrets talked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_12: mdia too his wive's daughter knew the secrets talked by those who could sway the moon

file: 7641-96670-0003.flac
expected: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_2: forjatin was agran sunn of creshius and cresthious was thabreter of te thomee ther grand flltr
	layer_4: for gaton was the grand sun of cresthious and crethious wa thebrother of a thamese their grandfoltr
	layer_6: for jacon was the grand son of crethius and crethious was the brother of athamise their grand fother
	layer_8: for jason was the grand son of cretheus and crethes was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_10: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamis their grandfather
	layer_12: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather

file: 7641-96670-0004.flac
expected: jason took peleus and telamon with him
	layer_2: jasen to pelius antlmon withim
	layer_4: jaceme tok pellious andtellmon with him
	layer_6: jaceme ook pellious antellemon with him
	layer_8: jasom took pelius an telimon with him
	layer_10: jason took pelius and telimon with him
	layer_12: jason took pelius and telimon with him

file: 7641-96670-0005.flac
expected: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrixus went through the city without being seen
	layer_2: as the cameto the sity amisst fel anjaten anis com ris with the sons of frises whench thu the idy withou benseen
	layer_4: as they came to the sity amist fell and jacon and is comrads with the sns of frisecs whint throu the sity without beenceen
	layer_6: as they came to the city a mist fell and jacon andis comrads with the sons of frictcis went through the city without been seen
	layer_8: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phriis went through the city without being seen
	layer_10: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrisis went through the city without being seen
	layer_12: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrisis went through the city without being seen

file: 7641-96670-0006.flac
expected: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_2: the misst liftt and beforth shearods wa the onger of the pus in the brit lighte of the mori
	layer_4: the miss lifted and before the chears was whe onder of the pouse in the brighte light of the mornin
	layer_6: the miss lifted and before the hearos wa the wonder of the pouse in the bright light of the morning
	layer_8: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the pouse in the bright light of the morning
	layer_10: the mist lifted and before the herods was the wonder of the pouse in the bright light of the morning
	layer_12: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the pouse in the bright light of the morning

file: 7641-96670-0007.flac
expected: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one king a eetes lived with apsyrtus his son and in the other chalciope and medea lived with their handmaidens
	layer_2: on heut sid of the cortyoud wha opous bilins it won ke nay ad is lof gdith o sirtis his sun and ind th oler chrals apay and madial lid ttor hand matens
	layer_4: on heuct side of the cort yart wared thapolse billins in one ke nay atislive doith oscertis his sun and in the oler chalse hoopay and madia lied ithther hand matens
	layer_6: on each side of the cortyoardward the palse billings in one kei nayatislived with ubcertict his sun and in the olered chalseopay and media lived with thir hand madons
	layer_8: on each side of the court yard oward the palce buillings in one ki neetislived with aburdiced his son and in the oler chalsope and media lived with their hand maidens
	layer_10: on each side of the courtyard oward the palace buildings in one ki neetis lived with absurdict his son and in the otler chalsiope and media lived with their hand maidens
	layer_12: on each side of the courtyard tward the palace buildings in one kin eetis lived with absurdict his son and in the oler chalsiope and media lived with their hand maidens

file: 7641-96670-0008.flac
expected: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and medea saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_2: and than a dov tho tord her hiet was beenchaset pya hok anddo metiyasal the hois in bek
	layer_4: and thend adove thu tord her it was been chace by hck andd medy asaw the hoxiyes and beak
	layer_6: and then adove thu tward her it was been chased by hock and mediasaw the hoxeyese and beak
	layer_8: and then a dove tle toward her it was been chased by hock and media saw the hoxs eyes and beak
	layer_10: and then a dove flew toward her it was been chased by a hock and media saw the hoks eyes and beak
	layer_12: and then a dove flew toward her it was been chased by a hok and media saw the hoks eyes and beak

file: 7641-96670-0009.flac
expected: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_2: we paled awav rom that place enderaftra we wr jivand bythewrins bact emout of the fsses
	layer_4: we poled away from that place ind ther aufter we were driven by the wins bac to he mouth of the fesses
	layer_6: we poled away from that place and their after we were driven by the wins back to the mouth of the fessis
	layer_8: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to he mouth of the pessis
	layer_10: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the pesis
	layer_12: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phesis

file: 7641-96670-0010.flac
expected: with him there came the mightiest of the heroes of greece
	layer_2: withem their came the migust of the chars of grec
	layer_4: with hem their came the midust of the chrs of grece
	layer_6: with him theire came the midest of the sheros of greese
	layer_8: with him there came the mighdiest of the sheros of greece
	layer_10: with him there came the mightiest of the heroes of greece
	layer_12: with him there came the mightiest of the heres of greese

file: 7641-96670-0011.flac
expected: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sauromatae
	layer_2: all rety he has herdt of hou beiterfos the saur moti
	layer_4: al ready he has herd of yor bittifos the sormat i
	layer_6: ilready he has heard of your biderfos the sor moti
	layer_8: already he has heard of your bitterfhoes the sormaoti
	layer_10: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sarmati
	layer_12: already he has heard of your bitter fos the saramati

file: 7641-96670-0012.flac
expected: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_2: he with is comra s wash sidutemryou
	layer_4: he with is comrads wals sudu them foryou
	layer_6: he with his comrads woul subdu them fo you
	layer_8: he with his comrades woul subdue them for you
	layer_10: he with his comrades woild subdue them for you
	layer_12: he with his comrades woild subdue them for you

file: 7641-96670-0013.flac
expected: a eetes's heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_2: itis her was filed withtharath as yu wloo topomthem and his i sho mes al lupersis
	layer_4: it is hart was filld with arath as u wiooked o ponthem and his is shodmess  lepersies
	layer_6: it is heart was filled with rath as yoe wooked upon them and his eyes showedem as  leperds eyes
	layer_8: it his heart was filled with wrath as yhe looked upon them and his eyes showehm as a lupard's eyes
	layer_10: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes showe im as a lepphard's eyes
	layer_12: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes showe him as a lepphard's eyes

file: 7641-96670-0014.flac
expected: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_2: and than speacinto th kne in aquitwois ca sen sad
	layer_4: and thend spekento the kene in a quihtwoise jhacein said
	layer_6: and then speaken to the kin in a quit voice jacean said
	layer_8: and then speaking to the keen in a quit voice jasen said
	layer_10: and then speaking to the keen in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_12: and then speaking to the keen in a quit voice jason said

file: 7641-96670-0015.flac
expected: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_2: his hart was dovided as stweler heu shoul somns his armd men and hav lim slane apones spuk or whathe he hou puukt e mintogangereby the tril he woulnd mae of them
	layer_4: his heart was divided as towether he should som in his arme men and have themslain u on the spogt or wether he shud put e mn to gangeraby the tril he would make of them
	layer_6: his heart was divided as to whether he should sumon his arme men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put the meanto gange a by the tril he would make of them
	layer_8: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his arm men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put the ein to gange aby the trial he would make of them
	layer_10: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into ganger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_12: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into ganger by the trial he would make of them

file: 7641-96670-0016.flac
expected: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the immortals
	layer_2: it ma be that yoe artui thiy of the sedof tho martls
	layer_4: it may be that youaure tu ly of the seed of thou mortels
	layer_6: it may be that you are culy of the sead of theh mortals
	layer_8: it may be that ye are truly of the sead of the mortals
	layer_10: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of tho mortals
	layer_12: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of tho mortals

file: 7641-96670-0017.flac
expected: and it may be that i shall give you the golden fleece to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_2: and it ma be that i shoa givyu the comses toberway aftrive ma trili
	layer_4: and it ma be that i shol giveou te golmsly e to barway after i ave may trilf you
	layer_6: and it may be that i shull give you the golmpsleace to barway after ihave mad tril of you
	layer_8: and it may be that i shall give you the golmplese to bearway after i have made trial of you
	layer_10: and it may be that i shall give you the golmplese to bearway after i have made tril of you
	layer_12: and it may be that i shall give you the golmplase to bearway after i have made tril of you

file: 7641-96670-0018.flac
expected: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_2: shanterd softly und shi stoodawatfon er father and thefro whe wrs beakng witen
	layer_4: she hantered sofftly and she stood awa fron wre father and the fore who wer speking withem
	layer_6: she antered softly and she stood away from wher father and the fore who were speaking with him
	layer_8: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the fore who were speaking with him
	layer_10: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the for who were speaking with him
	layer_12: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the for who were speaking with him

file: 7641-96670-0019.flac
expected: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_2: she hat a dorkt fy sous med vay stainede wby her crounofclnd hair
	layer_4: she had a darke fey sowse medvay etrange by her crown ofcgln her
	layer_6: she had a darkfa sos made vay strange by her crown of golnd hair
	layer_8: she had a dark face ose made vry strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_10: she had a dark face tat as made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_12: she had a dark face tat was made very strange by her crown of golden hair

file: 7641-96670-0020.flac
expected: know that on the plain of ares yonder i have two fire breathing bulls with feet of brass
	layer_2: no dthat on the plaine ovr as syoer  have tou fibryin bls wth tfe tabreass
	layer_4: no that on the plaine avaras yaoder i have two fir brein bls with fhee ta bress
	layer_6: no that on the plain ofvaris yonder i have two fir briing buls with feetobress
	layer_8: kno that on the plain of aris yonder i have too firbreaing bolls with feet obreass
	layer_10: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire breaging bulls with feet obress
	layer_12: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fir breaing bulls with feet obress

file: 7641-96670-0021.flac
expected: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_2: then na sod the firls notk with oceed that imettergas but with keth of e dragon
	layer_4: then i sod the firls not with ta seed that demeter gives but with tith of a dragonm
	layer_6: then i sowd the firls not with te seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragimn
	layer_8: then i sowed the firols not with the seed that dimeetor gives but with teeth of a dragomn
	layer_10: then i showed the perose not with the seed that demeater gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_12: then i showed the purose not with the seed that demeater gives but with teeth of a dragon

file: 7641-96670-0022.flac
expected: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_2: if you concoblisioness that ir complish in das gon by i shal so mi tan givu thgonmlece
	layer_4: if you concomblisiolness that i a complished indase gon by i shal sie mit to and giveyou the golmfliece
	layer_6: if you can complishetis that i accomplished in days gon by i shall sevmit t you and give you the golme flese
	layer_8: if you can acomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit o you and give you the goldn fleece
	layer_10: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_12: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece

file: 7641-96670-0023.flac
expected: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_2: buttiyf fyo canout a complish what i onsocompes u shal go for my sid amdde handed for his not rit th at  brayve manshoud yeld outi one nwho connout sho himselas brave
	layer_4: but if you cannoto complish what i woncsucomplish you shall go fror myh sity am tyhanded for is not right that brave man hould yeuald ougt to wone nwo cannot sho himselff has brave
	layer_6: but if you cannoto complish what i won e acomplished you shall go frorm my sity emptehanded for is not wrigte that a brave man should yeld out to one n who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_8: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not rite that a brave man should ield oup to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_10: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield up to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_12: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield up to one who cannot show himself as brave

file: 7641-96670-0024.flac
expected: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_2: then jacon uterly confound ed cass his is apon egroud
	layer_4: then jacon utterly confounded cas hes ies uponeground
	layer_6: then jacen utterly confounded cast his eyes upon te ground
	layer_8: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon te ground
	layer_10: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_12: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground

file: 7641-96670-0025.flac
expected: i will dare this contest monstrous as it is
	layer_2: i wil dare theis contest mon s rcsat is hages
	layer_4: i will dared this contest moncetrecatis e tes
	layer_6: i will dare this contest monstresatisagis
	layer_8: i will dare this contest monstorousadas i is
	layer_10: i will dare this contest monstrous adas it is
	layer_12: i will dare this contest monstrous adas it is

file: 7641-96670-0026.flac
expected: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_2: as he sen this he sald iesa media gro wied as with fear
	layer_4: as he send this he sald eis of media gro wied as with fer
	layer_6: as he said this he sawed eyes of media grow wide as with fear
	layer_8: as he said this he saw h eyes of media grow wide as with fear
	layer_10: as he said this he saw the eyes of media grow wide as with fear
	layer_12: as he said this he saw the eyes of media grow wide as with fear

file: 7641-96670-0027.flac
expected: phrontis and melas went to where their mother was
	layer_2: fromtismels went to werd i mother ws
	layer_4: promticemelse went to wered a mother was
	layer_6: romtis and melse went to wer ther mother was
	layer_8: promtis and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_10: promptis and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_12: promptis and mels went to where their mother was

file: 4831-25894-0000.flac
expected: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_2: bot what caniyde sof s monstipetan shiiis iim
	layer_4: buth what canny do sovf small en stipit in shi as i m
	layer_6: but what can ri do so smallan steipit and shi as i m
	layer_8: but what can i do so small and stupit and shye as i am
	layer_10: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_12: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am

file: 4831-25894-0001.flac
expected: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_2: i must fin seme wayg to githllit aons anasecrismess
	layer_4: i must fine seme way to giv the lit aleons in nyse crissmess
	layer_6: i must find some way to give the little one's an ice chrismass
	layer_8: i must find some way to give the little one's a nice christmas
	layer_10: i must find some way to give the little one's a nice christmas
	layer_12: i must find some way to give the little one's a nice christmas

file: 4831-25894-0002.flac
expected: tommo will like to have me go with him and sing while he plays his harp in the streets
	layer_2: tommolikedoave regoithimensang al heplancas harpen the strats
	layer_4: tom o like to have regoith him ensaing wil he plancees harp en te streeates
	layer_6: tmal like to have re go ith him an sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_8: toma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_10: tomma wi'll like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_12: tomma wi'll like to have me go with him and sying while he places harp in the streets

file: 4831-25894-0003.flac
expected: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_2: hes ilwle ch and then if i t wel telit aon soa havthe mearycresms
	layer_4: yes i will chry and then if i do wel the litta on sh o have he mary crismecs
	layer_6: yes i will try and then if i do well the little on shal have a mery christments
	layer_8: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmats
	layer_10: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_12: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas

file: 4831-25894-0004.flac
expected: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_2: but see anitis coldin the stris the wen bigts in the snow fraces onsingers
	layer_4: but seveanet is cold in the streats the win bightes ind the snow frecs oncsingers
	layer_6: but see vanet is cold in the streets the win bits in the snow freses on'e fingers
	layer_8: but see vannid is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow prazes one'se fingers
	layer_10: but see vanit is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freazes one's fingers
	layer_12: but see van it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freazes one's fingers

file: 4831-25894-0005.flac
expected: she thanked tommo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_2: she thgt so mowend ran awat to cg at raty for she vout serh o fotlhr would noten feves her inethen
	layer_4: she thankte sll mo and ran awaite to gat ready for she feut sher her fother ould not eeves her anything
	layer_6: she thankt telmo and ran await to get ready for she feltsure her fathr would not mefuvs her anything
	layer_8: she thanked telmo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_10: she thanked telmo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_12: she thanked telmo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything

file: 4831-25894-0006.flac
expected: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_2: thend she wahet et lit taronsas fracck an putd it sa driyd becishe hl notteail s do i the n extay
	layer_4: then she washed elnt little runcsas froack and put i go driy becasshe ouad not be aowld sdo t then extaye
	layer_6: then she washed out little runcses frock and put it odry becaus she would not be awldso do at the ex day
	layer_8: then she washed out little runas frock and put it o dry because she would not be able to do it the ext day
	layer_10: then she washed out little ransa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_12: then she washed out little ransa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day

file: 4831-25894-0007.flac
expected: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_2: she long to mae the bed s an des the childern offerni sheasensucho hery dhavealinorter bit as thac culd nop she sad onganentid of foer al thet soun she no
	layer_4: she long to make the beds and drest the childernofer night she wasinsuchr hery to have all anorder but as thact colnnop pe she sat dounigan an chide o vor all the soun she knew
	layer_6: she longd to make the beds and dressd the children ofer night she was in such a hurry to have all an order but as that could not be she sit down again and chide over all the souin she knew
	layer_8: she longed to make the beds and dressed the children o fer night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and chried over all the song she knew
	layer_10: she longed to make the beds and dressed the children ever night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the song she knew
	layer_12: she longed to make the beds and dressed the children ever night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew

file: 4831-25894-0008.flac
expected: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_2: when she a thold er pliaon peter bedary shoul cishad and vut woid neverdo butesset beax so hred he can sento hat las that she shud chritfor wonttwak andsunter to bet the happis littl growan neorc
	layer_4: when she atold her plan peter ben ariy shoo os head and toutowould never do buttesso bake so hard he consented at lass that she should trit for won awek and senter to bet the happias little growan neyork
	layer_6: when she had told her plan peter benarry shook his head and thoght i would never do buttessa bek so hard he conscented at last that she should tri at for one aweek and senter to bed the happy os little grol in the york
	layer_8: when she had told her plan peter benary shook his head and tought it would never do batessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happyest little groll in te york
	layer_10: when she had told her plan peter benariy shook his head and tought it would never do buttessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in ne york
	layer_12: when she had told her plan peter bernary shook his head and thought it would never do buttessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york

file: 4831-25894-0009.flac
expected: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tommo's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_2: a sinis her faother was cn tseflo oabout im put everthinginmase orer teling thchldenshe was goingout for the da ind they wer tomine tme was mother who oild se a bot o fir in the dier fore the gouod wlmind levfeteassi in in terdentor her littl plams a tholl her hear
	layer_4: as sin is her father was gon to sifluew about him put everything in mice order telling the childen she was going out for the day ind they were to mine tume was mother who woud se abuthe fir ind the diter for the good woamen leve tesa and inturd entor her little plams withaul her heart
	layer_6: as son as her father was gone teseflew about ind put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tum was mother who would see about the fire in the ditter for the good woman leve esa and enteredinto her little plams with all her heart
	layer_8: as son as her father was gone testaflew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire in the diter for the good woman lefe esa and entered into her little plams with all her heart
	layer_10: as soon as her father was gone tesa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tumb was mother who would see about the fire in the ditter for the good woman left tesa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_12: as soon as her father was gone tesa lew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tumb was mother who would see about the fire in the ditter for the good woman left tesa and entered into her little plams with all her heart

file: 4831-25894-0010.flac
expected: poor tessa's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_2: por tessas heart be fasti shechregchdoa with tomo who slung ins har over hishalter and gaverishand
	layer_4: por tessus heart bet fas ta she crage doway with too who slungiens hearp over his sholder and gave her is hand
	layer_6: portesses heart beat faset as she trudged aay with tomo who slung es hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_8: por tesses heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo whoe slung his hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_10: por tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_12: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand

file: 4831-25894-0011.flac
expected: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_2: i was reatherderty hand but so cime thet tessucon tt nt cevplikin g op et tha frend ly brounfasfernrigment
	layer_4: it was rather aderty han wut so cine that tes sacong to it aind kevp looking up at the frendly brounface fer n rghment
	layer_6: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tes a cung to it and kip looking up at the frindly bround face for npouragement
	layer_8: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that testa cung to it and kept looking up at the frindly brown face for enpouragement
	layer_10: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_12: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement

file: 4831-25894-0012.flac
expected: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is merry and will make the laugh whispered tommo tuning his harp
	layer_2: see now have nofhr givf then the a monite that is mary an wollmake helaf waspr tomo toni is hik
	layer_4: see now have no fear give them bel amonica that his mary an willmake the lagh wasprtumn toning is harp
	layer_6: see now have no fear give them bellamonica that is marrion will make the laugh wispertamo tuning his hearp
	layer_8: see now have no far give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispere tomo tuning his hearp
	layer_10: see now have no fear give them pelamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tom tuning his hearp
	layer_12: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered toma tuning his hearp

file: 4831-25894-0013.flac
expected: one fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_2: whan fatod french peen not ed to her in iat seeme toheolpervery mich for she began te sing boforshe tot and tat was the heartis partoe
	layer_4: when i fattlvd frenche men nont ad to her ind it seeme to helpr  very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hear is part of it
	layer_6: when i fatled friench ban notted to her and it seemed to helper very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hard as part of it
	layer_8: when i fattoled frenchman noded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardtes part of it
	layer_10: when a fatld frenchman noded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_12: when a fatled frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it

file: 4831-25894-0014.flac
expected: but tommo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_2: be tomboushick is crly had in aveseod soely hean i tookther first fr thi love busackandnr ourar chuntry but appe mong weqrate hases wi shl tot olways do wel
	layer_4: buttombo shick is curly had an answered soerly he e s ti took u there first for thei love musick and are ouft ar cuntry but up among wegrate hoses wi shal not always de wel
	layer_6: but tombishook is curly had an answered soverly yes i took you there first for theyr love music and ar ouf our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_8: but tombo shook his curly had and answered soverly yes i took you there first for theiy love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_10: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_12: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well

file: 4831-25894-0015.flac
expected: but she had made half a dollar for tommo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_2: bu sead mat haffedoller for tomeretovit ed the mony ferly ind she fout rih wither shar
	layer_4: but she had mad halff adoller for tomoeredo viht ed the mony farly and she fouht rich witheir share
	layer_6: but she had made half a dollar for tummere devited the money fairly and she felt rich with her shair
	layer_8: but she had made half a dollar for toma divited the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_10: but she had made half a dollar for tomma divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_12: but she had made half a dollar for tomma divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share

file: 4831-25894-0016.flac
expected: her hands were covered with chilblains for she had no mittens but she put them under her shawl and scuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_2: her hans wer coverd with chilglains for she had now mitns but she had put them undter her shal and shufuld marlyt aowayin her bibots filling soglate the weq was over and nerly tho redollor safef ind herpocket
	layer_4: her hans were covered with chilglains for she had no mnteins but she had put themunder her shall and shufuld marly oway in her big boots feling so glad lhe the weq was over and nearly thredollars ae and her pocket
	layer_6: her hands were covered with chillglains fere she had no mitins but she had put them under her shal and shufled marily away in her big boots feling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollarsafe ind her pocket
	layer_8: her hands were covered with chill glans were she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and schuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the weak was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_10: her hands were covered with chillglanes where she had no mittons but she had put them under her shawl and schuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the weak was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_12: her hands were covered with chillglans fer she had no mittons but she had put them under her shawl and schuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the weak was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket

file: 4831-25894-0017.flac
expected: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_2: hogae the strits or  thatdy
	layer_4: how gae the strats wor that day
	layer_6: how gave the strats were that day
	layer_8: how gave the streets where that day
	layer_10: how gave the streets where that day
	layer_12: how gave the streets where that day

file: 4831-25894-0018.flac
expected: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_2: how brescieveer on whyes ond how braihte the facesloct as peopld traded abouwith bike bascits haly ree sain young evergrins goin to blossom ento splunded prismestras
	layer_4: how brescevery on whas and how brighte the faces locd as people traded about with bige taskets hally reth saind young ever gren s goin to blossimm anto splended crismestras
	layer_6: how brisgivery one was and how bright the faces lookd as people trotid about with big baskets holly reaths and young ever greens going to blossom in to splended chrismas tres
	layer_8: how briskg evey one was and how bright the faces looked as people troted about with big baskets holy reths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_10: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly reaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_12: how briskg everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly reaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees

file: 4831-25894-0019.flac
expected: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_2: but acant so lfilf the sokxsal fol in te happie sitessa as shouloot wisfolly into the gastors an sal the heavy bascas coby
	layer_4: but ia cant so l fill the soks al fol and be happy sidtessa ashe looked wisfulyanto the gastors and sl the heavy vasketscoby
	layer_6: but i can't so ill fill the socxs all full and behappy sitessa as she looked whisfully into the ga stors an saw the heavy vaskets go by
	layer_8: but i can't so i'l fil the sok all full and be happy sid tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stors and saw the heavy vaskets go by
	layer_10: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stors and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_12: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stors and saw the heavy baskets go by

file: 4831-25894-0020.flac
expected: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had a plan as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trudged through the mud
	layer_2: who nos wot may happeniffwou you welvert harntama auning wisly for he had plan tess wel astessa an cet hucling overdtis ey treagehd te the mid
	layer_4: who nos what mey happ en if fwid yo well ert hernetommoa nonding whisely for he had plan theis well as tessa and cep chuckling overt is he trged thou the mid
	layer_6: who knows what may happen if wuld you well wrturne tommo nownding wisely for he had pland this well as tessa and kep chuckling over it as he thrnged though the mid
	layer_8: who knows what may happen if would you well returned tommo nouding wisely for he had planed as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he chrnged though the mud
	layer_10: who knows what may happen if would you well returned tommo noding wisely for he had planed as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud
	layer_12: who knows what may happen if would dou well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planed as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud

file: 4831-25894-0021.flac
expected: we'll try one more street and then go home thou art so tired little one
	layer_2: wht chi won mor stret in than go hom thoerrut so thired lit al on
	layer_4: will hri wone more street an then go hom theue ut so tigred littale one
	layer_6: wil try wone more street and then go home there ait so tired little one
	layer_8: we'll try one more street and then go home theore ats so tired little one
	layer_10: we'll try one more street and then go home theyurats so tired little one
	layer_12: we'll try one more street and then go home therats so tired little one

file: 4831-25894-0022.flac
expected: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_2: at thef forith sompebe ot them sang alther sons an gave nothing
	layer_4: at the forth som people at them sing allther songs and gave nothing
	layer_6: at the forth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_8: at the fourth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_10: at the fourth some people et them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_12: at the fourth some people et them sing all their songs and gave nothing

file: 4831-25894-0023.flac
expected: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tommo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_2: tes sof felt sogratfle that with thout waing fore tommo she singer swetdad slitle sowng alllown
	layer_4: tess a feltso greateful that without wadting for tom mo she sng er swed ads slittle song allolown
	layer_6: tes e felt so greatful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweete slittle song all alone
	layer_8: testa felt so grateful that without waihting for tommo she sang her sweetes little song all alone
	layer_10: tesa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_12: tesa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone

file: 4831-25894-0024.flac
expected: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_2: alast momeas sid rose and a wa she wenton to te danting ran clospy
	layer_4: allas mom a sid rose and a way she waen t in to the dining r nm clost by
	layer_6: ilast mamma said rose and away she went into the dining rom close by
	layer_8: i'll aske mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_10: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_12: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by

file: 4831-25894-0025.flac
expected: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine in tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_2: as the dor obend tesesowatlok to herlice af faryfest al solver mogs an flowry platsan orngesin nuts an rosy win an talglas picers and smooking dishies thit s notsor dolisiousla she cald not restrainalittle sniffof sa esfaction
	layer_4: as the dor opend tessesowtlooke to herlice a fary thest al solver mugsan flowry plats an ornges and nots and rosy wine an talglaspicuers and smoking dicies that s mot so delisiously she could not restrain alittle sniff of sat sfection
	layer_6: as the door opened tesa saw wit looked to herlicke a fairy fheast all silver mugs and flowery plates and ornges and nuts and rosy wine and tal glas pittures and smoking dishes that s mult so deliciously she could not restraine a little sniff of satisfection
	layer_8: as the door opened tesa saw whit looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and toal glass pitcheres and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_10: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_12: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction

file: 4831-25894-0026.flac
expected: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_2: yasa shol come with much cladnes sand playas never in my life fo for cri tomme wit the florsh of theld cap that ma thet chilern laf
	layer_4: a ye si shll come with much cgladness amd playas never in my life efor crid tommo with a florsh of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_6: a yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a florish of the old capt that made the children laugh
	layer_8: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old capt that made the children laugh
	layer_10: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_12: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a floourish of the old cap that made the children laugh

file: 4831-25894-0027.flac
expected: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_2: hyev the st or brother sof the fary prencsteffing notson orngesento tessaes hanes
	layer_4: eave thes to yor brother saodf the fary prencetuffing notsan ornges an to tessas hamns
	layer_6: give these to your brother said the fairy prienc tuffing nuts and ornges an to tesles hands
	layer_8: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into testles hands
	layer_10: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into testless hands
	layer_12: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into testless hands

file: 4831-25894-0028.flac
expected: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_2: a so cine sov ver cindi havenowaydo say thentyou but ronsa shalbey for you a haven ly angl and owa seing my heardoutforyoa tre criy tese folding themitnsasis shu d say rapar of thifo ess if sheenou how
	layer_4: a so cine so very cind i have noway o say thnkyou but runsas shall be for you a havenly angal and i will sing my heard out for your tree cri chesa fldhing the mitansesifs she oald say a par of thank fuolness if she knew how
	layer_6: al so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runs a shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried chessa folding the mitens as if she would say ar pare of thankfuness if she knew how
	layer_8: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runsa shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried chessa folding the mittencs as if she would say ar payer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_10: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tresa folding the mittens as if she would say hear prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_12: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tresa folding the mittens as if she would say her prayer of thankfulness if she knew how

file: 4831-25894-0029.flac
expected: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_2: she got uperly to se of the sak woralit and there she fown the mos thistona shingsaght
	layer_4: she got uperly to see of the saks woere alrighte and there she fon the mos te stonashing sight
	layer_6: she got up eirly to see of the sox were ll right and there she found the most estonishing sight
	layer_8: she got up early to see if the sock were all right and there she found the most astonishing siht
	layer_10: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_12: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight

file: 4831-25894-0030.flac
expected: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_2: fore soxsesait if thr and by the forteh pin dout quat elgutly was a witl dres vanent wy ment for her o worn wolan dress all mad in aly with bright putinsonit
	layer_4: fore soxsen sid of thre and by the forth pindout quat eligently was ae wittle dres evenently ment for her o ware wollan dress all maind an actualy with bright butainson it
	layer_6: for soxson sid of three and by the forth pind oubt quite elegantly was a little dress evinently ment for her o warm wollendress all maide and actually with bright butens on it
	layer_8: four soxinsid of three and by the fourth pined out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently ment for her o warm wollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_10: four soks instad of three and by the fourth pined out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her o warm wallen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_12: four soxs instead of three and by the fourth pined out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her o warm wollen dress all mad and actually with bright buttons on it

file: 4831-25894-0031.flac
expected: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_2: tesu scramed e dansdt in her doiht and of tomble all the chldren tisprememendence wither making ereagular carn ofvonet smalskgel
	layer_4: tes a scramededanst in her doliht and uf tomble all the childrento screm andance wither making ar reggullar carn of ona smalscl
	layer_6: tes ascramed and danced in her delight and uf toumble all the children to scram andance with her making aregular carnof ona small scal
	layer_8: tessa scramed and danced in her delight and uf tumble all the children to scream an dance with her making a regular carnavl on a small scale
	layer_10: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnovl on a small scale
	layer_12: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnoval on a small scale

file: 4831-25894-0032.flac
expected: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_2: in ha ong staking she fowdel soerds of tressiurs for tomeow had stuftit fol ofe crthings on his mother had matengerbed ind i every a maenra mlo shate hrofat paxsto fol ounn ovusses
	layer_4: in her ong stacking she found al sorts of treshures for tome o had stuftet full of crathings on his mother had maginderbad int o everyamaginrambl shape from fat pig to fu umnabuses
	layer_6: in her wong stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stufed at full of queae things on his mother had ma gingerbed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to foll umnobusses
	layer_8: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of qear things in his mother had mad gingerbed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full umnobusses
	layer_10: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of quear things and his mother had made gingerbed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnobusses
	layer_12: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made jingerbed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnobusses

file: 4831-25894-0033.flac
expected: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_2: luttal romsoas exepto with dolighte by tha cinlaty ind her childeren and tes solarn the son quidieusaly
	layer_4: little romso as excepto with dilight by the cin lady in her children and tessolarne the song quitiesily
	layer_6: little ramso as excepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and teselarnd the song quiteasily
	layer_8: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady an her children and teso larnd the song quite easily
	layer_10: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tesa larned the song quite easily
	layer_12: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily

file: 4831-25894-0034.flac
expected: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_2: ares from the crout of chodrn gather to the fesstofl
	layer_4: ares from the crout of childrn gather to the festivl
	layer_6: ares from the crowd of children gathered to the festivil
	layer_8: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_10: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_12: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival

file: 4831-25894-0035.flac
expected: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise
	layer_2: before they whent homn the cind mom mi tal tessi she should be her frend and give her motherlycess whash reme the choles heart and im to saeti pseeal upon thet prommess
	layer_4: before they went hom the cind mom a tild tessish e should be her friend and gave her motherly cass whish orm the chows heart and seme to set ap pseal upon that prommess
	layer_6: before they went home the kind mama tilld tesis e should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmd the child's heart and seemed to set ap pcal upon that promise
	layer_8: before they went home the kind mama told tessis he should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmd the child's heart and seemed to set a pcl upon that promise
	layer_10: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmd the child's heart and seemed to set apicel upon that promise
	layer_12: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa se should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warm the child's heart and seemed to set appicel upon that promise

file: 4831-29134-0000.flac
expected: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_2: the seneder toocus sed in the plpit with the min istrow onsid of him and the seprintended of the sundacecol on the other
	layer_4: the seneder toook is seed in the polpit with the ministron one site of him and the superintended of the sunda secal on the other
	layer_6: the senator took his seat in the popit with the minus rown one side of him and the super intended of the sunday school on the other
	layer_8: the senator took his seat in the poupet with he minisetrown one side of him and the superintenden of the sunday school on the other
	layer_10: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minaster on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_12: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minaster on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other

file: 4831-29134-0001.flac
expected: so awed were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_2: so ad wor theyby the presns ofa livingun idt ed stat seneder that during threminets not ispit bolwastrone
	layer_4: so aud ware they by the presencse ov a living yunited state senader that during threeminits not isbt bollwas thron
	layer_6: so audwar they by the presence of a living united state cenador that during three minutes not a spit ballwas throne
	layer_8: so adwere they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was throne
	layer_10: so od were they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown
	layer_12: so od were they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown

file: 4831-29134-0002.flac
expected: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_2: after that theayd beganto comete themseollsd by degres onpresently the spolas holllygoned an they wr re sidting virses anpoliy har
	layer_4: after that they begain to come to themsels by dogres and presently the spel was holy gon and they were recighting verses and poliy haire
	layer_6: after that they began to come to themselvesd by degrees and presently the spell was holdly gon and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_8: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_10: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_12: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair

file: 4831-29134-0003.flac
expected: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_2: the seal sun ascul exer sises were herid thro and then the menistergat oup and bored the hous withe speachblson tecustmary sun ascol plaan than the serentenit puttin his or a then the toumedingutaris had thearesy
	layer_4: the seal sunday scul exwersises were heried throoe and then the ministergtup and bord the house with the speeachbilt on the custemary sundnay scol plaan then the superen tendit put in his ore at then the toume ding ataries had theiresy
	layer_6: the usual sunda scol exercises were huried thruwh and then the mina stergt up and bord the house with a speechd bilts on the custrmarie sunday schol plan then the superintendent put in his or ad then the towndingataries had their say
	layer_8: the usual sunday scol exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary's sunday schol plan then the superintendant put in his or then the tawm digitaries had there say
	layer_10: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with ta speech bilt on the customarys sunday schol plan then the superintendant put in his oar then the town degitaries had theire say
	layer_12: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with ta speech bilt on the customarys sunday scool plan then the superintendant put in his oar then the towndigitaries had theire say

file: 4831-29134-0004.flac
expected: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_2: and mi amsompopulas senter of my on contry wore the choaicus chodrn of thelunt hof been se lecded and brot ogother as at a fare for aprise now
	layer_4: and ian somepopulas senter of my own contry were the choicus childrn of the lant have beenselected and brougt sogoether as at a far for aprise now
	layer_6: and i an some populous center of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for apprise no
	layer_8: amd i anm some populaus center of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for apprise no
	layer_10: am i in some populaus centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_12: am i in some populaus centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no

file: 4831-29134-0005.flac
expected: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_2: than weriam yes waria y
	layer_4: than whereay yes wer ay
	layer_6: then werami yes wheariam i
	layer_8: then wher am i yes whear am i
	layer_10: then were am i yes where am i
	layer_12: then where am i yes where am i

file: 4831-29134-0006.flac
expected: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_2: my so ais lust and onder t the thut
	layer_4: my sol as lost ind onder t the thught
	layer_6: my sol is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_8: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_10: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_12: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought

file: 4831-29134-0007.flac
expected: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_2: artas no hir no grender position for me
	layer_4: arthas no higre no grender position for me
	layer_6: earth has no highre no grander position for me
	layer_8: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_10: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_12: earth has no higher no grander position for me

file: 4831-29134-0008.flac
expected: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_2: than watisit whated my cunces nissereply
	layer_4: than what ic it whated my counchiesnissrepliy
	layer_6: than what is it what did my conscious nes reply
	layer_8: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_10: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_12: then what is it what did my consciousness reply

file: 4831-29134-0009.flac
expected: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_2: at thinc of that n iw i could hardly kepe the tears back oi was sogratful
	layer_4: ot hink of that kno i could hardly keep the teares back i was sogreatful
	layer_6: a think of that now i could hardly keep the tars back i was so gratful
	layer_8: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tars back i was so grateful
	layer_10: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_12: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful

file: 4831-29134-0010.flac
expected: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_2: they con not giove him acosly ad gocation but they were grd and wes and they sentimto the sennasc he love thesontasc
	layer_4: they col not give him a cosly ad ecation but they were good and wiyse and they senthim to the sendasco he love the sennesco
	layer_6: they could not give him accosly education but they were good and wise and they send him to the sunda scho he love thesada sho
	layer_8: they could not give him a cosly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he love the sunday schol
	layer_10: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday schol
	layer_12: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday schol

file: 4831-29134-0011.flac
expected: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_2: i hopou lov your suneda sc i se vy yorfaces that youdt thetis right
	layer_4: i hope you love your sundasco es se vy yor facees that you do that is right
	layer_6: i hope you love your sunday school i seee y your faces that you do that is right
	layer_8: i hope you love your sunday shool ai ee by your faceis that you do that is right
	layer_10: i hope you love your sunday school i see whoy your face is that you do that is right
	layer_12: i hope you love your sunday school i see whow your face is that you do that is right

file: 4831-29134-0012.flac
expected: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_2: awayse loverte churs my childerend for they leve y a more than you con now now
	layer_4: alwas loveyoutechurs my childern for they leve yu more tha u can now now
	layer_6: always loveyor tachers my childrn for they love you more than you can now now
	layer_8: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_10: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_12: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know know

file: 4831-29134-0013.flac
expected: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_2: and b hand byd the people mat him goviner and he set it was al owing to the senthayscl
	layer_4: and by an by the people made him govener and he seid it was oll oing to the senday schol
	layer_6: and by an by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday schol
	layer_8: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_10: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_12: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0014.flac
expected: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_2: why thap peplegaveinm a touring al ustrus position a grand iposing position
	layer_4: whiy the peoplegave inm atowring alustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_6: why the people gave im atowering elestrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_8: why the people gave him a towering ilustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_10: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_12: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position

file: 4831-29134-0015.flac
expected: it was senator of the united states
	layer_2: it was sen eder of thnit etd stats
	layer_4: it was seneder of th n ihted states
	layer_6: it was senater of the anited states
	layer_8: it was senater of the united states
	layer_10: it was cenator of the united states
	layer_12: it was cenator of the united states

file: 4831-29134-0016.flac
expected: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_2: the pore loit aboy that levh es enteysquoall be cae nhat marn that man stains beforyou
	layer_4: thet por lit a boy that levet his henday squal became that man that man stans before you
	layer_6: that por little boy that leved his senda sqhoill became that man that man stans before you
	layer_8: that por little boy that loved his sunday sqool became that man that man stans before you
	layer_10: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_12: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you

file: 4831-29134-0017.flac
expected: above all things my children be honest
	layer_2: aboat thingxs my childrind be onest
	layer_4: abov al things mycheldren be onest
	layer_6: above al things my children be honest
	layer_8: above all things my children be honest
	layer_10: above all things my children be honest
	layer_12: above all things my children be honest

file: 4831-29134-0018.flac
expected: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_2: when sunerder dor thy dopirti froncattofvil he lefhd the reedesand boys behindim ar rang acim ane of livfe whos aobject of point wasee nided stap sendit
	layer_4: when csuneder doer they dopirted from cattl veil he leftd the reed osand boys behind im arrangiancim ane of life whos object of point was eenited stape sen it
	layer_6: when sunerdr dowerthey departed from cattlevil he left three dosen boys behind him arrangian campain of life whose objective point was thenited stape senit
	layer_8: when esenador doworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arrangin a campaine of life whose objective point was the united stae senat
	layer_10: when senator doworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campagn of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_12: when senator doworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campagn of life whose objective point was the united state senate

file: 4831-18525-0000.flac
expected: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresden and all our hard work over music won't it be fine though to jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_2: never mime polly sijasper thers al thex smemer and afar wengturin trestin an olar hard workovermeusik wone af be fin tho s a jont roun thegen and is iselisend
	layer_4: never minm poly sijasper theres al nexk somer and agtar winturn dresdin and allor heard work over music one ae befoin thou so jont roun dogain and his eslissend
	layer_6: never mine poly sid jaspere there's all nexk sumer and afte oue wintern dresdon and all our hard work over music one have be fined those o jan't round again and his eyes glisened
	layer_8: never mined polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after our wintern dresdon and all our hard work over music onte oe be fined those ho jant round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_10: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our wintern dresdon and all our hard work over music wonte od be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_12: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter n dresdon and all our hard work over music wonte od be fine those who jant round again and his eyes glistened

file: 4831-18525-0001.flac
expected: and you'll go on drawing and painting until you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the louvre maybe the louvre cried adela o dear me polly pepper
	layer_2: and o go one jing an painting tol y k et to be ac rat artestrinounpolli in hise as ticly and then wil se somnthing yuve don i the lovfe maby the love crete dila o dear me pollyt pepper
	layer_4: and yo go on jing and painting tol youget to be agreat ardestran on polli an thiseas tacly and then will se something ove dn in the lof maby the love crete dala ou dear me polly peper
	layer_6: and youl go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artestran on pollyan thisiastically and then will see something you've done in the loove may be the loove crid adeala o dear me poly pepper
	layer_8: and yo'l go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly anthusiastically and then will see something you've done in the loofe maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_10: and yo'll go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the loof may be the love cried adeala oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_12: and yo'll go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on poly enthusiastically and then we'll see somethingyou've done in the loof may be the love cried adeala oh dear me polly pepper

file: 4831-18525-0002.flac
expected: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_2: tomsel wen had en very so ertering all this mar chater and nowng his seet acros the nero il he drumne dis ls ant patiant l own thelor
	layer_4: tome sel won had eenvery soverduring all tis mary chatter and now in his sceet accrost the naro ile he drome d is heels ant patiantly on the flor
	layer_6: tomesell wone had been very soveere during all this marriy chatter and now ind his seat across the narow ile he drumed his hels inpatiently on the floor
	layer_8: tom sel won had been very sover duing all this married chatter and now ind his seat across the narrow ile he drumed his hels inpatiently on the floor
	layer_10: tom selwin had been very sovber during all this marryd chatter and now in his seat across the narrow isle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_12: tom selwin had been very sover during all this marry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow isle he drumped his heels impatiently on the floor

file: 4831-18525-0003.flac
expected: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's just this tom
	layer_2: whlt soupplit tl myther ast tom in saupris at hernusall manner it sis this tobe
	layer_4: what souplittlel mother ast tom inseppriese t hernusal manner it sist this to
	layer_6: what's up little mother asked tome in surprise at her inusual manner it' sis this tom
	layer_8: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it'sis this tom
	layer_10: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's iss this tom
	layer_12: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's siss this tom

file: 4831-18525-0004.flac
expected: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_2: when the nouse was srculyted as at was prty sn that the pardyt was not to be brokon intwo at atoparis was icomledeitstory thet u vlay tia was sucieus tosate sfi ev antom
	layer_4: when the nese was serultet as at was prty sone that the party was not to be brookan into at ale tlp paris was icompletid story the devilationl was suchus to satisfy eventome
	layer_6: when the newse was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be brok en into at all til paris was tha completed story the gubilation was suches to satisfy even tome
	layer_8: when the nwse was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was tha completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_10: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was tae completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_12: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was ta completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom

file: 4831-18525-0005.flac
expected: oh isn't it oats peas beans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_2: ho isen i otcspusebeans anbrlegro cry polly as they wachet thementetely
	layer_4: ho isin it ots pease be ans and barly gro cride polly as they wached thementently
	layer_6: ho isen it oats piese beians and barly grow cried powly as they watched them ontently
	layer_8: oo isn't it oate's pesebeians in barlygro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_10: oh isn't it oate's psbans in barlygrow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_12: h isn't it oat's pesbians in barlygrow cried polly as they watched them intently

file: 4831-18525-0006.flac
expected: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_2: and is longarm wan oud and picto jack e dend ofan arcon wh incossius sley rgarting cuch qui htravlers as notwerth miding had hover tennear al traine te tese the crlse
	layer_4: and is long arm whonteout and picto gackandendof an earcon wo incosiosly regarding such quiet travelars us not werth mihding had huver to near al trin tetiease the girls
	layer_6: and is long arm went out and picke to jack od end of an earchan who incociously regarding such quiet travelers is not worth minding had hover too near wil trin to teeas the girls
	layer_8: and his long arm went out and picked a jack an end of an urchan who incautiously rearding such quiet travellers was not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_10: and his long arm went out and picked a jack atd end of an erchan who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had huvered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_12: and his long arm went out and picked a jackat end of an urchan who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had huvered too near while trying to tease the girls

file: 4831-18525-0007.flac
expected: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_2: and pres ntly a women camemencsock litoblypin a for afh and then the resst of the crals udd claste ther hans an the ring melst away in the game was over
	layer_4: and presently a woman cameon sook little bluopeno fore offh and then the resst of the grls ut n classte their hans and the ring meltot away aid the game was over
	layer_6: and presently a woman came and stook little blupin af for off and then the rest of the girls ud enclasped their hands and the ring melted away an the game was over
	layer_8: and presently a woman came and took little blue pin aof foroff and then the rest of the girls ud and clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_10: and presently a woman came and took a little blue penn of fouroff and then the rest of the girls uand clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_12: and presently a woman came and took a little blue pen offor off and then the rest of the girls utan clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over

file: 4831-18525-0008.flac
expected: i'm glad the girls over here have fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_2: and glit the grles over her have fonsaid poly as grampu pine his party movf dof isin itnisetothing titdom
	layer_4: an glad the girls over here hale fon sad polly as grampapin his party movedof is n it nice to thing thido
	layer_6: a'n glad the girls over here half fon said poly as grampapo n his party moved off isn it nice to think they do
	layer_8: i'm glad the girls over here half fund said polly as granmpapa and his party moved off isn't at nice to think they do
	layer_10: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_12: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do

file: 4831-18525-0009.flac
expected: two or three days of rest at martigny put everybody in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_2: to ethredays of restat martn put eve ruonein good shape and give the moll adbut if time to pk up on meny littl things thit wor bind hand
	layer_4: to war thredays of rast at martn put everyone in good shape and gave the mallabut af time to pick u on many little things that were beind hant
	layer_6: two orthree days of resed at martn put every one in good shape and gave them allo but of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_8: two or three days of rest at martn put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_10: two or three days of rest at martin put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_12: two or three days of rest at martin put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand

file: 4831-18525-0010.flac
expected: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i am going to begin on joel's
	layer_2: that's my therd lutter polly an ounts jasper on the other sitef the tabl nown goin to be gin unjolls
	layer_4: that's my thired letter poly andnouns jasper on the other sid f the table nown going to be gan unjols
	layer_6: that's my third letter poly and ouncse jaspert on the other side of the table now a going to begin unjols
	layer_8: that's my third letter polly anouncedjasper on the other side of the table now 'm going to begin on jols
	layer_10: that's my third letter polly announcedjasber on the other side of the table now 'm going to begin on jols
	layer_12: that's my third letter polly announced jasber on the other side of the table now 'm going to begin on jols

file: 4831-18525-0011.flac
expected: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished jasper
	layer_2: one t said plly couning why r thounaed writn thra whel this wone his mus finnisdesper
	layer_4: one to said polly counning whey i thoghtaed ritn three while this won is most finishe desper
	layer_6: one to said policounning why i thought id ritten three wile this on is most finished esper
	layer_8: one to said polly counning why i thought iad written three whill this one is most finished esper
	layer_10: one two said polly countning why i thought i'd written three whell this one is most finished esper
	layer_12: one two said polly countning why i thought i'd written three whell this one is most finished esper

file: 4831-18525-0012.flac
expected: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_2: dr said towomn tolide tith thick that no ter aborsald had wrilly an sid from his wors that after they rout hadscare hi mighttaly
	layer_4: dar said towme delideto thike that no trrabowrdsalt had rilly an sid from his worts that after they were out had scard him mightly
	layer_6: darer said tome delihtded to think that no terrible wrdsalt had rallyanseed from his worts that after they were out had scared him mihtaly
	layer_8: dar said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ansued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_10: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really insued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_12: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really insued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily

file: 4831-18525-0013.flac
expected: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_2: a pus r s o pally gifthen hur
	layer_4: alpost or as to polly give the her
	layer_6: 'll postors too poly give them here
	layer_8: i'll post tours too polly give them here
	layer_10: i'll post ors too polly give them here
	layer_12: i'll post oors too polly give them here

file: 4831-18525-0014.flac
expected: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a franc out of joel's little money bag that hung at her belt
	layer_2: then his tasbragtent and he said and shes rigt polly wapolly fisstop frad ut of jlse wit l mony bae thet houng in her beuts
	layer_4: then his fhay e brightaend and he said and she s right polly whill polly fish to frangg out of jols wlittl mony bage that houng n her belt
	layer_6: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished o frank out of jols little money bagd that hung in her belt
	layer_8: then his face rightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jewl's little money bagged that hung in her belt
	layer_10: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished u frank out of jowl's little money baged that hung in her belt
	layer_12: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jewl's little money bagd that hung in her belt

file: 4831-18525-0015.flac
expected: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on as he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_2: do get the stams plisejasbor omput the mone and he tokguprto leters and shegafe the baole itl patforjal sake whishingutas histoby blat ar that efingers co tech
	layer_4: d ged the stamps please jesper in put the mon and he took op per to letters and she gave the bagallitle pat forjl sake whisshing it was his tovbe black hare that er fingers coltuch
	layer_6: do get the stamps please jesper and put the mon and he took up her two letters and she gave the bagg a little pat for jeul sake wishing it was his stoby black haire that her fingers could touch
	layer_8: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jule sake wishing it was his stuby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_10: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jueles sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_12: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jelle sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch

file: 4831-18525-0016.flac
expected: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for our round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_2: it to no r wearegointo gant ise wat papere for reoun roben saud polly lening herlbas ome the tabvl in her chinin er hands i no ajacculitid towm worling on iss heel anddashing ol
	layer_4: i dow kno wer weare goin to gint isewate paper for o  round robban said polly leaning her lbos on the table and her chin in her hans i now ajaculated to worling on is heell and dashing ouwt
	layer_6: i don'know were we are going to gin iswaite paper for around robin said poly leaning her elblis on the table and her chin in her hands i know ajacculated tome worling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_8: i don' know where we are going to get icewait paper for oa round robin said poly leaning her elplus on the table and her chin in her hands i know ijaculated tom wirling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_10: i don't know where we are going to get nicewat paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_12: i don't know where we are going to get nicewayht paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out

file: 4831-18525-0017.flac
expected: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_2: i what polly to sad fronsy regling awa frond the hand thet polly houd at alaringly
	layer_4: i what poly tou sid fronsy riegling away from the pand that poly hout out aloringly
	layer_6: i wan't polly too said fronzy rigling away from the pen that poly howt out alaringly
	layer_8: i want polly too said fraonzy riggling away from the pen that polly howed out alearingly
	layer_10: i want polly too said fronsye riggling away from the pen that polly helwed out alluringly
	layer_12: i want polly too said pronsie riggling away from the pen that polly helwed out alleringly

file: 4831-18525-0018.flac
expected: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_2: fromsy who hadin herdwat plly sad hersmell had beaing foll of the rsfonps billity of beginingthy import letter and couldsidering sonsit was to bedon it was besto haveat overwithis sin is posbl helt ascriblingal etters a sfasis shecld alf em wrening down hiel
	layer_4: fromsy who hadden heard wat polly sad her small had beeing full of the respoms billity of beganing the importanletter and could sidering sonsit was to bedon it was bes to haveit over with i son s posble tfeltoscribling alletters tis fassas she cuod alf en ronning down hil
	layer_6: froms who haddn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responpsibility of beginning the importan letter and could sidering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with is soon as possible felt a scriblingthe letters as fasas she could alov them running down hil
	layer_8: fronzi who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt ascripbling the letters as fas as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_10: pronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt a scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_12: phronsi who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt a scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill

file: 4831-18525-0019.flac
expected: it's all right granddaddy'll like it he said
	layer_2: itsoiht grin datheuol i cid heu sad
	layer_4: it's olighte gran dathe allik eeld he said
	layer_6: it's al right gran da the all lik culd he said
	layer_8: it's all right gran datyal lik il he said
	layer_10: it's all right gran daty e like it he said
	layer_12: it's all right gran datyo like it he said

file: 4831-18525-0020.flac
expected: i tell you you don't know my granddaddy he's got lots of fun in him he added
	layer_2: i tally  oultot kno my grandaty hes cot lats o fon in him heate
	layer_4: i till yo youtd on't kno my gran taty hes cut lots o fun in him he at e
	layer_6: i tell yo you don't knowt my granday he's caut lots o funin him he aded
	layer_8: i tell o you don't know my grand dady he's caut lots o fun in him he added
	layer_10: i tell  you don't know my grand daddy he's caght lots of fun in him he added
	layer_12: i tell y you don't know my grand daddy he's caght lots of fune in him he added

file: 4831-18525-0021.flac
expected: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_2: i wia't crint any mord to clere fronsy waebing of the las teare traling don hanos
	layer_4: i w'n't crin any mored to clare froncy wiping of the las teare traling down her knows
	layer_6: i won't cry any more do clard froncy wiping off the last er trailing down her knose
	layer_8: i won't cry any more declared fronse wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_10: i won't cry any more declared fronsie wiping off the last ter trailing down her nose
	layer_12: i won't cry any more declared fronsie wiping off the last ter trailing down her nose

file: 4831-18525-0022.flac
expected: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_2: theni shall be all as well as ever satd polly cissig mewet litafae
	layer_4: then i shall be all as well as ever s ad poly kising the wet littlfase
	layer_6: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly cissing the wet little face
	layer_8: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_10: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_12: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face

file: 4831-18525-0023.flac
expected: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_2: whe mus  wouln in whint a picturessad polly trindo micersof seary as the wrqen tisalyon
	layer_4: we must puln in whet l pictures that polly trindtomicker self cheary as the worq uene bisilion
	layer_6: we must put inwhit 'l picturus taid polly tring to makehurself chery as the work wene visilliyon
	layer_8: we must put in whatll picture said plly trying to make heurself cheery as the work wen busilyon
	layer_10: we must put in litle picture said polly trying to make herself cheeriy as the work went busily on
	layer_12: we must put in litle picture said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on

file: 4831-18525-0024.flac
expected: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_2: polly you al ays tou think of the bes thaings eame jaspr beming an hert wash matter try heardo than eveer to smiil
	layer_4: pola you always do think of the best things uxclame jasper beaming ant her which matter try hardeo than ever to smile
	layer_6: pole you always do think of the best things uxlame jasper beaming and her which made er try hartr than ever to smile
	layer_8: pol you always do think of the best things exlaimed jasper beaming at her which madeher try harder than ever to smile
	layer_10: poly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_12: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile

file: 4831-18525-0025.flac
expected: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gingerbread boy
	layer_2: i wen't fil so atly polly hemanis to asspiron frounse was obsor witherwrk hl ikeuprl wy justes fothe det the chiince bre boy
	layer_4: i woent fel sobatly poly he m anishe to aspur en fronsy was ofsorve wih t er work hill ike uprelebwy justis fother dit the chinch read boy
	layer_6: i woud't fel so batly poly he manised to a sper wen fronzy was obsorved with her work hell likeoutd probly just as father dit the ginchu bread boy
	layer_8: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to isper when fronzy was absorbed with her work hell like uld probly just as father did the ginch bred boy
	layer_10: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to wispur when pronsy was absorbed with her work hellike ut probably just as father did the ginch bred boy
	layer_12: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to wispur when pronsy was absorbed with her work hellike cut probably just as father did the ginch bred boy

file: 4831-18525-0026.flac
expected: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily halloo just look at him now
	layer_2: he seemso  compurs some thing everetim ye gos f serve jaspere drily olo eas soocan i nw
	layer_4: he seemesto acomplash something every time y gose oserve jas per drily ilou geu sl et ia now
	layer_6: he seem sto a complise something everytieme gos observe jasper drily elo jus look et him now
	layer_8: he seems to accomplish something every time e goes observed jaspered dryly allo just look at him now
	layer_10: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hallo just look at him now
	layer_12: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly allo just look at him now

file: 4831-18525-0027.flac
expected: o dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_2: o d are me exclam to dalla as her sus irslipt na yove jok of the tal agaen then the cup pl is i
	layer_4: o deare me exclame to dal a as wher siser slipt not yoave jok of the tale again than she cut palleys i
	layer_6: o dear me exclaime todaila as her siser slipet nowt yoave jolkl the taple again then she cut polie's ei
	layer_8: oh dear me exclaimed tedala as her sizors slipped now you'vejolgole the table again then she cut polly's eye
	layer_10: oh dear me exclaimed edala as her cisor slippe now you've jalkole the table again then she cut polly's eye
	layer_12: oh dear me exclaimed edala as her cisors slipped now you've jalgole the table again then she cut polly's eye

file: 4831-18525-0028.flac
expected: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_2: rather n ot mutch ablich tome boe dis thaings
	layer_4: rather not much abliceed tm bopdis thinks
	layer_6: rather not much ablichd tom bobed is thinks
	layer_8: rather not much oblighed tom bobbed is thinks
	layer_10: rather not much obliged tom bobbed is thinks
	layer_12: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks

file: 4831-18525-0029.flac
expected: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_2: pittur afterdpictur cout foer wrlwrogidbok ilstrated paprs an it seemeto jasborgather t is if py magic with cuning litl fotagras brok up the letter and wouwn d in a nowt with fony anthroming tetal of some of their jurny
	layer_4: picture after picture cut for rall rod gid books il istrated papers and it seeme to gaspergather d is if by magic with conning little fotagraghs brook ap the letter and woun din anowt with funy anthrrming detall of seme of their gerny
	layer_6: picture after picture cut frorm rail rod gid books illistrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathere as if by majic with cunning little fotegrahs brookup the letter and wound in an out with funny and charming detall of some of their jurney
	layer_8: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_10: picture after picture cut from railroadguide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_12: picture after picture cut from railroadguide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey

file: 4831-18525-0030.flac
expected: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say he'll like that the best of all
	layer_2: the rest of it is nce wasprejesper and haventrl tosaye thatd hel like that the best o al
	layer_4: the rest if it is nice wisperjaspern and aventorl tosaye that he like that the best of all
	layer_6: the rest of it is nice wisper jaspered and aventured to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_8: the rest of it is nice wispered jasperd and aventured to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_10: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and iy ventured to say that'like that the best of all
	layer_12: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and h ventured to say that he'l like that the best of all

file: 4831-18525-0031.flac
expected: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write me a letter sometime
	layer_2: mis tro cing thotso tny bemedit fronsy so youdid he cuiet nethats fin e was shou grat nealeter some td
	layer_4: mister king thut so tow ny beme d it fronsy so youdid he curit nethat's fin e ws shyoudreaht neal etter some tid
	layer_6: mister king thought so to anhy beamed at fronzy so you did he cried now that's fine i was you'd right nea letter sometie
	layer_8: mister king thought so too and he beamed at fronzey so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd wriht nea letter sometime
	layer_10: mister king thought so too and he beamed at fronzie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write ne a letter sometime
	layer_12: mister king thought so too and he beamed at fronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write knee a letter sometime

file: 5849-50964-0000.flac
expected: i don't know how to say good by to you nellie told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_2: i don ar havte sake eu bid h nolly tol dorthe in nain  ex morning
	layer_4: i down a hata say eoud bid hyeo nely tol dorthy anan ex morning
	layer_6: i don' tnow had a say could bid hyo nell hyu told dorthy and an  ex morning
	layer_8: i don't kow had to say cod byd you nally told dorthy and an ext morning
	layer_10: i don't know how to say good by to you nally told dorothy and an ext morning
	layer_12: i don't know how to say good by to you nally told dorothy and an ext morning

file: 5849-50964-0001.flac
expected: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_2: oa vhat orbeuspflende tecleirdnan
	layer_4: ohvat wil besplended deculardnan
	layer_6: oh that will be splended declardnan
	layer_8: oh that will be splended declared nan
	layer_10: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_12: oh that will be splendid declared nan

file: 5849-50964-0002.flac
expected: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_2: yore qit rich now r you re man torty
	layer_4: ou re quite reich now r you re mantortthy
	layer_6: yo are quite rich now art you re makdorhy
	layer_8: you are quite rich now art you remaunked dorthe
	layer_10: you are quite rich now arn't you remarked dorothy
	layer_12: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0003.flac
expected: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_2: and doretig whent oupen dyowng the erowmn wygke the picturs of sanderelas praud sesters
	layer_4: and dorfheg whent outen d lwn the room whike the picures of sinderellas prod sisters
	layer_6: and dorhy whent alpen daon the room whike the picures of sinderelos prod sisters
	layer_8: and dorhy went up an daywn the room like the pictures of cinderela's proud sisters
	layer_10: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cynderella's proud sisters
	layer_12: and dorohy went up and down the room like the pictures of cynderela's proud sisters

file: 5849-50964-0004.flac
expected: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_2: at well beanhand thencyou wafpid the jaop ing dorty
	layer_4: at we il beonm hand thanku e plied the joking dorty
	layer_6: ad we will be on hand thank you eplied the joking dorthy
	layer_8: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorhe
	layer_10: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_12: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0005.flac
expected: come nellie called missus mc laughlin i am ready where is your hat
	layer_2: come nely cold mis wa guaklen i reaty wersor hat
	layer_4: come nelly colled misses a glocklan i'm ready whers or hat
	layer_6: come nelly culd missus wee glocklan i'am ready wheres your hat
	layer_8: come nelly called missus wglockland i 'm ready where's your hat
	layer_10: come knelly caled missus wuglacklin i'm ready where's your hat
	layer_12: come nelly caled missus muglacklan i'm ready where's your hat

file: 5849-50964-0006.flac
expected: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him
	layer_2: we migt be will t mense that to nally told him
	layer_4: we might be ilel tomanige that towo nelly told him
	layer_6: we might beble to manage that too nelly told him
	layer_8: we might be able to manage that too naly told him
	layer_10: we might be able to manage that to naly told him
	layer_12: we might be able to manage that to nally told him

file: 5849-50964-0007.flac
expected: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_2: m auncls a farmen and he contae ef strth hisengen hels
	layer_4: my uncle s afirman and he contake a strougth his engen house
	layer_6: my uncle s a fireman and he con take u throughth his engion house
	layer_8: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us throug  his engant house
	layer_10: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engian house
	layer_12: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engan house

file: 5849-50964-0008.flac
expected: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_2: molst of the my gas insherd brt
	layer_4: molst of the my gas incered bertt
	layer_6: most of the my gas inswered birt
	layer_8: most of the y ges answered bert
	layer_10: most of them i gest answered bert
	layer_12: most of them i ges answered bert

file: 5849-50964-0009.flac
expected: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_2: whal we have hat e good the cation and im woing to got wort gen
	layer_4: wel we have had a good be kation and im willing to go towork gain
	layer_6: wel we have had a good pecation and i'm willing to go to work gin
	layer_8: well we have had a good ocation and iam willing to go to work again
	layer_10: well we have had a good vocation and iam willing to go to work gain
	layer_12: well we have had a good vocation and i'm willing to go to work gain

file: 5849-50964-0010.flac
expected: so am i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_2: so l mie decleared nan becation was juslng an ar fie thint
	layer_4: so  mid doclarednan becation was just long in a fight thinkt
	layer_6: so a mi declared n an becation was just long ind i fighe think
	layer_8: so  my declared nan bication was just long enouh it think
	layer_10: so my declared nann vication was just long enough it think
	layer_12: so am my declared nanne vication was just long enough it think

file: 5849-50964-0011.flac
expected: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddie and flossie were busy packing up
	layer_2: mister bove se was dun from thesity of corsd to take the fim ly home and nowl all hance even rety in cplosy were bise pracgop
	layer_4: mister boese was don from the citty of cors to take the fanly home and now all hans even fready in flossy were bisy pracing up
	layer_6: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the fanily home and now all hands even fredy an plosy were busy pracking up
	layer_8: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plossy were busy pracking up
	layer_10: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and ploscy were busy pracking up
	layer_12: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plocy were busy pracking up

file: 5849-50964-0012.flac
expected: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoop the cat
	layer_2: theyr were the shelset welodater the fisinets beside douwny the duc and snent the ca
	layer_4: therye were the shalls t welooked actert the fisinets becides downy the duck and snente the cat
	layer_6: there were the shells to we looked after the fishnets besides downy the duck and snot the cat
	layer_8: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoope the cat
	layer_10: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoothe the cat
	layer_12: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snootd the cat

file: 5849-50964-0013.flac
expected: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_2: and sor litle frens haod sent alther racation
	layer_4: and so ar little frans had spent alltheir recation
	layer_6: and sow ur little friends had spent all thei vication
	layer_8: and so our little friends had spent all their vocation
	layer_10: and so our little friends had spent all thei vocation
	layer_12: and so our little friends had spent all their vocation

file: 5849-50873-0000.flac
expected: captain bull the commander of a small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_2: cavtimbl th hmader of osmolger isin at saberok pr mateive him toland but wen the geverin of by gan to rede his comition fl ordered him to be silent
	layer_4: caftembul the c mander of o smolgaras on at sabrook peromitid him to lan but when the goverenof began to reade his comistion bol ordered him to be silent
	layer_6: caftan bul the comander of a smal garicin at saybroook prmitted him to land but when the govern o began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_8: captain bull the commander of a small garrison at sabrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_10: captain bul the commander of a small garrison at sabrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_12: captain bul the commander of a small garrison at sabrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent

file: 5849-50873-0001.flac
expected: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_2: whate s happen mister prencs whas writh anst fore heutodsee bhot the manle as great lyexcaited geveener andero s us commigen gas uster prence whi soud thtalarmus the felo tho givin to bosting is notdandeus or  lil the pute tirets ent exuceation but heas growndinduris to clard misteprencs thet li berties of the colliny arn valld
	layer_4: what as happen mister prince was werth aunsetd forheu hod see that the man awas greatlyexcited gevener anderos us comeagain gas mister prince whiy should tht ale larmus the fellow though given to bosting is not dangrous or liable topute threts ant exicetion but he is growndinjereus teclared mister prince the liberdies of the collanyar an balld
	layer_6: what is happene mister prince was worth aked for he thouldea that the man was greatly axcited giverner andros has come again gase mister prince why should that alarmus the fellow though given to bosting is not dangreuss or aliable to put his threts into execcution but he is grown diing geres declared mister prince the liberties of the coloniar nvoled
	layer_8: what as happen mister prince wasworth asked for he thould see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gased mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or aliable to put his threats into execution but he has grown danderous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony a involed
	layer_10: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that allarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or aliable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_12: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gaspeped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or aliable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved

file: 5849-50873-0002.flac
expected: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_2: capd in wads wr f becaime i lit l anansy tho he ha sto ing cline told tret the matterlitly
	layer_4: capet in wades werf became ilittle enesy though he tas stoll en clin to treeate the matter litly
	layer_6: captain wads werth became a little uneasy though he was still encline to treet the matter lightly
	layer_8: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_10: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_12: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly

file: 5849-50873-0003.flac
expected: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_2: we had steerinlna shus t eal tlour tuartervallntarly forets the gard over plittple brits
	layer_4: we hade stouverenly ef used to ealdaur tuartervallintarily forts the gard anover puliticle brights
	layer_6: we have stuberinly refused to eld our charter alentarily fort s the gardy anover politicale rightes
	layer_8: we have stubbrinly refused to ield our charder voluntarily for it is the guardiann of our political rights
	layer_10: we have stubernly refused to yield our charger voluntarily fore it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_12: we have stubernly refused to yield our charger voluntarily fore it is the guardian of our political rights

file: 5849-50873-0004.flac
expected: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viceroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_2: that is teur cakin as wer efh conte ed nmisterprencs and tu so dearstveremes thi s bvisri hes come to hert ferd with sixte ond men to he man the serender of the charter in prsen
	layer_4: that as tr capk en wads werth contenedmister prence and to sub de or stovermess the svisroy has comed to heart ford with sixty ound men to deman the serender of the charder an percon
	layer_6: that is cruecapin wadsworth contineed mister prince and to subdo oure stuvernniss this visroy has come to heart ford with sixty arnd men to deman the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_8: that is true capin wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stuverness this visroy has come to hartford with sixty armned men to demand the surrender of the charder in person
	layer_10: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister printe and to subdue our stuvernness this visroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charder in person
	layer_12: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister printe and to subdue our stuvernness this viseroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person

file: 5849-50873-0005.flac
expected: captain wadsworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_2: caten waswre bounded twoa sfpe in a rage and placing as han on the hl of this sor declard he sholl ot hait
	layer_4: coptin waswerf vounded to asfhe in a reage and placing as hand on the helt of his sord doclared he shon at hawit
	layer_6: cuptain waswrth vounded to hisfeet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shll not have it
	layer_8: captain wazoth vounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_10: captain wazorth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_12: captain wazorth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it

file: 5849-50873-0006.flac
expected: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engaged in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_2: the dael as welll mi sfent when he a rivese and the memberes ringtvet ain y hited te baht on a sudec of the utmo stom ortnns
	layer_4: the day was well my sfent when he ries and the members wering daved in e heted de bate on a subject of the untmostem portains
	layer_6: the day was well mysfent when he arrives and the members wer ingdeved in a heated tobate on a subject of the untmost importans
	layer_8: the day was well ni epent when he arrived and the members were endeved ind a heated ebate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_10: the day was well ni spent when he arrived and the members were endieed in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_12: the day was well ni spent when he arrived and the members were endieed in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance

file: 5849-50873-0007.flac
expected: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_2: he consemeted how oever to wait the thescuson but tha sstit was ended he the claridthy he woald have the charter
	layer_4: he consemted how ever to wait te de scuihon what the soones hat was ended he te clared they he would howe the charder
	layer_6: he consemted how ever to await the discussion whet the soom a thit was ended he declar that he would hae the charter
	layer_8: he consempted however to await the discussion whet as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charder
	layer_10: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charder
	layer_12: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter

file: 5849-50873-0008.flac
expected: after the captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_2: after thet captind had takin turry turince a cros the rome he pose  asd
	layer_4: after thac capten had taken toerthreturnce a cross the room he pase tin tast
	layer_6: after that captain had taken two er thre turnc across the room he paused in asd
	layer_8: after that captain had taken two or threeturns across the room he paused an asked
	layer_10: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_12: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked

file: 5849-50873-0009.flac
expected: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_2: wht is the u semelid doing anghagedon te ba
	layer_4: what is the asemely doin angage din te bat
	layer_6: whate is the assemily doin an gaged an de bat
	layer_8: what is the asembily doin engaged andeba
	layer_10: what is the assembly doing engaged in debate
	layer_12: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate

file: 5849-50873-0010.flac
expected: and will he wait until it has ended he has promised to do so
	layer_2: and wil he waie entlit senbed he has pommis tod dhe sel
	layer_4: and wil he wadt andtelitsended he as promis to dewsel
	layer_6: and willt he uait intill itexended he has promied to do so
	layer_8: and willth he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_10: and wilt he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_12: and wilk he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so

file: 5849-50873-0011.flac
expected: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read there a desperate determination captain he began
	layer_2: mister prens fwixtes and nains is on the captnsfase and re therduswretto turminetion captein heegan
	layer_4: mister priencse fixtes an mnansd ies on the captansface and redthe redusperittotermanetion cat en hetigan
	layer_6: mister prince fixtec amaged eyes on the captain's face and red the re despert tetermination catain heedagan
	layer_8: mister prince fixedis amazed eyes on the captain's face and red the re desperate determination captain head egan
	layer_10: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read ther desperate determination captain heategan
	layer_12: mister princ fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read ther desperate determination captain heategain

file: 5849-50873-0012.flac
expected: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_2: misterprins boud and ha slore turin to the helswhee semly osensesshon
	layer_4: mister prince boud and ha sluw return to the house swerethy sembly wusansession
	layer_6: mister prince bowd and haslew returned to the house  where thy sembly was in session
	layer_8: mister prince bowed and hatly returned to the houses where the asembli was incession
	layer_10: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in cession
	layer_12: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was incession

file: 5849-50873-0013.flac
expected: as soon as he was gone charles stevens said
	layer_2: at soinithis gon cll stevin si
	layer_4: at sounat he as gon tral sdev en said
	layer_6: at soon athy is gon thal stev an said
	layer_8: as soon as he as gone charle stepand said
	layer_10: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said
	layer_12: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said

file: 5849-50873-0014.flac
expected: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_2: ys tralsoo anser wut e me n uclo
	layer_4: yes t rws y al anser what oknen uncl
	layer_6: yes trils o wil answer what ou nee e uncle
	layer_8: yes tharls ye will answer what doyou nean uncle
	layer_10: yes charles ye wot answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_12: yes charles yoe wo't answer what do you mean uncle

file: 5849-50873-0015.flac
expected: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_2: nereded te baters teke griter intres int a manessuet
	layer_4: neerded te baters tak grter intresstin a mine subject
	layer_6: never did te baters tak grater intrest in a miner subject
	layer_8: never did te baders take greater interest in a miners subject
	layer_10: never did dhebaters take greater interest in a miner subject
	layer_12: never did debaters take greater interest in a miner subject

file: 5849-50873-0016.flac
expected: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_2: what tewen ten deing ouncl whel you fiht tham
	layer_4: what th evwenten dying uncl wil you fiht them
	layer_6: what dhe eu enten doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_8: what d you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_10: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_12: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them

file: 5849-50873-0017.flac
expected: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor too late
	layer_2: membere the wor wets be t on rat at the time montte son nore tolry
	layer_4: member the worf wes be on eriat at the time montto so nor to lra
	layer_6: member the worfh wets be don right at the time mont to soon nor to lra
	layer_8: member the worfh whast be done riht at the time not to soonnor to lreae
	layer_10: emember the work mast be done wright at the time not too soon nor to lra
	layer_12: emember the work mast be done right at the time not too soon nor to lra

file: 5849-50873-0018.flac
expected: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_2: the sene lwas setrin and the capctin said
	layer_4: the sime was sidtin and the catinsaid
	layer_6: the sin was setting and the caftin said
	layer_8: the sun was setteing and the captain said
	layer_10: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_12: the sun was setting and the captain said

file: 5849-50873-0019.flac
expected: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_2: com thras let as hacon to they sembly
	layer_4: come thros letus hase on to the sembly
	layer_6: com trals let us hasteneto thessembly
	layer_8: come chals let us hasten to the asembly
	layer_10: come chales let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_12: come chrles let us hasten to the assembly

file: 5849-50873-0020.flac
expected: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_2: by kno meancs but i on  to be folly inprast wih the cerusnenscof ur mition
	layer_4: by kno meancs but i want e to befully inprast with he ceriousnesc of your mistion
	layer_6: by no means but i want yd to be fully inpressed with ha ceriousness of your misstion
	layer_8: by no means but i want yeu to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_10: by no means but i want yeu to be fully impressed with te seriousness of your mission
	layer_12: by no means but i want ye to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission

file: 5849-50873-0021.flac
expected: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_2: takeu plas trls and be cupared tade or prt wis re capin ogwerth
	layer_4: tiker pliaced tralse and be popare to de yer part wis wrere catin waghworth
	layer_6: takoer pliace tals and be popare to de your part with wared catin wach worth
	layer_8: take our place caarles and be prepared to do your part withward captin wachworth
	layer_10: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wachworth
	layer_12: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wachworth

file: 5849-50873-0022.flac
expected: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries as possible without attracting special attention
	layer_2: chros gotis cos to the longta ble us bet seeetarius is palsil wit theuder tractings bechiul oitention
	layer_4: chros got is close to the long tae ble use bi the secrtarious is pasibale withoutotracting sbeuchial atention
	layer_6: chriws god is close to the long taeble used by the secratarious is possible without a tracting special attention
	layer_8: chals god as close to the long tabble used by the secretaries is possible without attacting special attention
	layer_10: chals god as close to the long tabble used by the secretaries is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_12: charls god as close to the long tabble used by the secretaries is possible without attracting special attention

file: 5849-50873-0023.flac
expected: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_2: thet thes cusiin wene one thurnis cam andforleaed canl rpuatson tatawil in t see on a sel on the wal
	layer_4: thet de scusshion wen on therecness came and fore lated candl rplats on the tail in to aid on ashelf on the wall
	layer_6: the discussion went on theirkness came and forlited candles weplates on the table in to seat on a shelf on the wall
	layer_8: the discussion went on derkness came and fourlighted candles wereplates on the table in to set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_10: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_12: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall

file: 5849-50873-0024.flac
expected: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stationed near them
	layer_2: thos t canbls ome the wal wher greaden noint eochrols andtildsome anstaonnur them
	layer_4: those to candles on the wall where a gread enoinc tu ctrous andtil hsom anstaf onnear them
	layer_6: those two candles on the wall wherea greet enoinc tho crils until e sam anstafen near them
	layer_8: those wo candles on the wall where a greed annoince tho crals until he saw a man stafen near them
	layer_10: those two candles on the wall were a greet annoyiance to chals until he saw a man stating near them
	layer_12: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to chals until he saw a man stating near them

file: 5849-50873-0025.flac
expected: though the lights were extinguished through the windows the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_2: thou thet li twerxstinwuh fhr the endo tha fain strlt diwy i leminate the seen
	layer_4: thogh the ligts werextinguish frough the windo the faint starlet dimly ilominate the seen
	layer_6: though the ligts werextinguished through the window the faint starlet dimly elluminated the seen
	layer_8: though the lights werextinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_10: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_12: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene

file: 5849-50873-0026.flac
expected: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_2: he fald him as rapedlis he coot
	layer_4: he folowd him is rapid l s he couod
	layer_6: he followed him as rapidl as he could
	layer_8: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_10: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_12: he followed him as rapidly as he could

file: 5849-50873-0027.flac
expected: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seized his arm
	layer_2: the was cofe ein htem and wen they wr out sid s us t es im
	layer_4: the uth was colf be hind him and wen they were out sidsus tos im
	layer_6: the uth was clote behind him and when they were outside sused his arm
	layer_8: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_10: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_12: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside uzed his arm

file: 5849-50873-0028.flac
expected: boy have a care how you approach me
	layer_2: boi honthecar ollyou prot me
	layer_4: oye hthe car hallyu proatme
	layer_6: o i hathe car hol you proc me
	layer_8: o i a the care how youpproach me
	layer_10: o i ha a care how yo approach me
	layer_12: o i ha the care how yo approach me

file: 5849-50873-0029.flac
expected: the soldiers began to crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bands came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_2: the solds begam the croud obot the hos wen at a sy nofrom taping aser that trim bance cn on the seaen inprepared to grapflith the sousers
	layer_4: the solders begai the croud obout the hose when ata si no from tapting waswrth that tram bance came on the seen amd prepared to grapfle with the solsers
	layer_6: the solders began the crowd about the house when at a signal from tapting was worth thet tran bance came on the seen and prepared to graple with the solders
	layer_8: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from tapting wadsworth the trainbance came on the scene and prepared to grappl with the soldiers
	layer_10: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_12: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wasworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers

file: 5849-50873-0030.flac
expected: where is the charter
	layer_2: wareis the charter
	layer_4: weros the charter
	layer_6: where is the charter
	layer_8: where is the charter
	layer_10: where is the charter
	layer_12: where is the charter

file: 5849-50873-0031.flac
expected: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_2: you habeursolders of the dor and wi heovf the train bims o cnicit retidte the fimdes agens founcs
	layer_4: you hav yeoar soldrs of the dor and we herave the train bams of cnantc it redidto te frinduss againset filence
	layer_6: you have your soldiers of the door and we haeave the train bans of coneticat ready to te find us against filence
	layer_8: you have your soldiers of the door and we have the train bands of caneticate ready to defind us against ilence
	layer_10: you have your soldiers atf the door and we have the train bands of conneticate ready to defend us against violence
	layer_12: you have your soldiers ot the door and we have the train bands of conneticate ready to defend us against violence

file: 5849-50873-0032.flac
expected: who of you has the charter
	layer_2: coov eul hasthe charter
	layer_4: o of you hast the chartr
	layer_6: ho of you hased the charter
	layer_8: ho of you has the charter
	layer_10: ho of you has the charter
	layer_12: ho of you has the charter

file: 5849-50873-0033.flac
expected: it was the boy cried the enraged governor
	layer_2: it was thepoy cridin rensegevrine
	layer_4: it was the boy cridting rinsgoverner
	layer_6: it was the boi cried hing reanch governor
	layer_8: it was the boy cried th eng rancge governor
	layer_10: it was the boy cried the enranged governor
	layer_12: it was the boy cried the eranged governor

file: 5849-50873-0034.flac
expected: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_2: evere memberof thee senbly hok ther es
	layer_4: e ere member ovf the esembly shook therhedts
	layer_6: everemember of the asembly shook their heds
	layer_8: everymember of the asembly shook their heads
	layer_10: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_12: every member of the assembly shook their heads

file: 5849-50873-0035.flac
expected: we do not know him he does not live in connecticut where does he live
	layer_2: weuldounot nol hm he dhus mut living to hattcite wetos fe lie
	layer_4: wel o not know him he des not living to had ekit where tos he live
	layer_6: we dou not know him he does not living ton hadicat where t es he live
	layer_8: we do not know him he does not living tonadacket where does he live
	layer_10: we do not know him he does not living toatiket where does he live
	layer_12: we do not know him he does not living tinatiket where does he live

file: 5849-50873-0036.flac
expected: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_2: littlthed the captin ars yuth fol sestintrein theh thifr simpl act woultd maek the l tree hi stort
	layer_4: little ded the captin or as outh flissusten dren that their simple act would make the ol tr hs storc
	layer_6: little did the captaon or as uthfulecistant dren that their simple act would make the old tre his storit
	layer_8: little did the captain or his youthful assistent dream that their simple act would make the old tree his storic
	layer_10: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_12: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic

file: 5849-50873-0037.flac
expected: the tree in which the document was hidden was ever afterward known as the charter oak
	layer_2: the trein which to domatlas hiting was ever atho r is nones tarter ok
	layer_4: the treein which the dotnet was htting was ever auf thr wris nownass charter ok
	layer_6: the treein which the doinet was hitting was ever aftrwars knownest charter ok
	layer_8: the tree in which the dofinat was hitding was ever afterwards known as t charder oak
	layer_10: the tree in which the docinant was hidding was ever afterwards known as  charter oak
	layer_12: the tree in which the docinant was hitding was ever afterwards known as t charter oak

file: 5849-50873-0038.flac
expected: it remained vigorous bearing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_2: itereman thygri sbering rotd evre ear andtittl e litll atrim mid ngn ogas etintitty is when it was prosterete by ha ty storm af wend
	layer_4: it renand the grisparing rut evryear and tittle a little afterem id nighten agus eaghtentity ixs when it was prostrated by ha ystorm of wend
	layer_6: it renained the gressparing rouit every year and tittl a little after midnightind agus eghteen tifty tick when it was prostrated by a heay storm of wind
	layer_8: it remnained the griss sparing fruit every year untital a little after midnighetin august eighteen fifty tfix when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_10: it remained tha gris sparing fruit every year until a little after midnight in august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_12: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year until a little after midnight in august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind

file: 5849-50873-0039.flac
expected: when the order for the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_2: wenthe orter from the sesur of the cartofslass fors mad nom ye seely ror ilan sn a mlslil agat stolthe cing saing
	layer_4: whenlhe order from the segure of the cuartifs wits forsh made non e sembly ror ilan sent amos loil ageths to the king saing
	layer_6: when the order from the sesure of the chartis wis first made knon e sembly aroilan sent a most loyal adgets to the king saing
	layer_8: when the order from the cisur of the chartis was first made known theassembly a ro islands sent a most loyal agits to the king saying
	layer_10: when the order from the cesur of the chardirfs was first made known the assembly of ro island sent a most loyal ades to the king saying
	layer_12: when the order from the cesur of the chardis was first made known the assembly of ro island sent a most loyal ades to the king saying

file: 5849-50873-0040.flac
expected: he formally dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the functions of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_2: he formaly the selve fthe sembly brok the seel of the clnye wich bore the thiger ofan aner and the wored hop and mened fiveinte inhavetnince intoaslethi slaito caunsal andtha some the foncion ofgevener but he did not takay the pherctumin und which the tartr wais writn
	layer_4: he formially thesolve the sembly broke the sel of the caliny which bore the figer of an anker and the word hop and minded fiven the inhabetence into as ledeclat ofe caunsol and a soome the function of govener but he did not takawa the partmen un which the chrter was writin
	layer_6: he formily desolved othe assembly broke the scal of the colony which bor the figur of an anchor and  the word hope and mided fiv in the in habitence into his ledislatoe councel and asumed the function of governer but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_8: he formerlly disolved oth assembly broke the sal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope and mitted five in the inhabitance into his ledislative counsl and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_10: he formerly disolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_12: he formely dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitteed five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written

file: 5849-50873-0041.flac
expected: from that time until the enforced union of the colonies for mutual defence at the breaking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along the frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_2: fro tat time untlbthe for stin of the collrninge srmatule the fes at the ber o out of the frens in indthe inwr tin havbitnceof frod ialon bore ter share itd ti the fenctof eferts as pehetly en t hosslsovages hongalong thei frenteures of neor ly cang ill omendt lod
	layer_4: from that time untille the forstonion of the calliningsfromatuald tefents aft the brhin outo the french in inde in war dthin habitnce of rod ilan borther shar in the de frent of eerds aspechly wen the hostl savages hung a long ther frentures o of neor lyk can ill oment clod
	layer_6: from that time untill the for stunion of the colonings remetual defence at the birking out of the friench an indian war tdeenhabitens of road ilan bor their shar in the defreneife epfords especially wen the hostal savages hung along their frent ars neyor like an ill omant cloued
	layer_8: from that time untill the forsunion of the colonigs frmutual defencse at the burking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of roade island bor their share in the defrensive efforts especially when the hostil savages hung along their front earso of ne yor like an ill omand cloud
	layer_10: from that time until the fore dunion of the colonis for mutual defence at the berking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of roade island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their front ersof new york like an ill omand cloud
	layer_12: from that time until the fored union of the colonis fror mutual defence at the berking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rode iseland bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their front ersof new york like an ill omant cloud

file: 5849-50873-0042.flac
expected: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_2: the histr thac conwelf ifs ha dan afid with that of alle winon fom the be gining o cin wiliims wor son afrtthexpeltiro tof andros
	layer_4: the histree that coen welf is ha danafid with that of al nme winglen from the begining o kim willioms war soon atortthexpultiron of andros
	layer_6: the histryf that commont welth is ha dennified with that of all mnewinglan from the begining of king william's war soon after tothexpultion of andros
	layer_8: the history of that commn welth is dennified with that of all new ingland from the beginning of king william's war soon after tothe expulsion of andros
	layer_10: the history of that common wealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_12: the history of that common wealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros

file: 5849-50963-0000.flac
expected: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_2: at beudto fl day had gon out of the drid ful storm
	layer_4: a beato fal day had gon out of the dridful storm
	layer_6: a beautifull day had gon out of the dreadful stom
	layer_8: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_10: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_12: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm

file: 5849-50963-0001.flac
expected: and everybody was so happy
	layer_2: and teverevotin with ol happy
	layer_4: and evereboudin with seu happy
	layer_6: and everybody with so happy
	layer_8: and everybody wah so happy
	layer_10: and everybody was so happy
	layer_12: and everybody was so happy

file: 5849-50963-0002.flac
expected: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_2: the nep t thet thesltheted struck onthe san bar wats noashyfuly anterdnar shor and the salloas kamin annot ind robots bhacanfort tolint jisto shywishd
	layer_4: the nepthom the thesel thated struck on the sand bar was nous tyfly ankered ner shor and the silas came in annout in robots bthacan forth tolant jis to sty wished
	layer_6: the nepcu the vestale that id struck on the sandfar was now stafly ancerd neoar shore and the salars came in an out in roboaths back an forth tolant just as they wished
	layer_8: the nepcue the vessel that ad struck on the sandfar was now safely anchered near shore and the sailors came in an out in robots back and forth to lantd just as they wished
	layer_10: the neptum the vessel that had struck on the sandfar was now safely anchred near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_12: the neptum the vessel that had struck on the sandbar was now safely anchered near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished

file: 5849-50963-0003.flac
expected: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_2: then we had do gol back to work at the lags went on the chapten and then one ofver cru to cte fever
	layer_4: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the capton and then one ofver cru tok ha fever
	layer_6: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our cre took a fever
	layer_8: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_10: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_12: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever

file: 5849-50963-0004.flac
expected: that was what delayed us so
	layer_2: that was what elietha so
	layer_4: that was what telea  a so
	layer_6: that was what delean u so
	layer_8: that was what delad u so
	layer_10: that was what delida so
	layer_12: that was what delida so

file: 5849-50963-0005.flac
expected: finally we had every log loaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_2: fi nol we had evere wlal loyd on sconer and we sterted oh
	layer_4: finaly we had every lal glowdied on he scooner and we started of
	layer_6: finally we had every la gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_8: finally we had every la gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_10: finally we had every lal gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_12: finally we had every lalg gloaded on the schooner and we started off

file: 5849-50963-0006.flac
expected: we counted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_2: weconted on ger in holass weeak when mis lastrme strukas and drolus out of ar cors
	layer_4: we camnt ed on ged in hon lest week when this lastorm strokas and drovus out of ar corse
	layer_6: we camted on geing home lass week when this las torm struck us and drov us out of our course
	layer_8: we camtet on geting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our chourse
	layer_10: we campted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_12: we campted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our chourse

file: 5849-50963-0007.flac
expected: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_2: abut the tholya asmisstrbabsy who as dund ronth sity
	layer_4: abuke the vallou asmisterbobsy who as downd from th sidy
	layer_6: about the valu asked mister bobsy who as downed from the city
	layer_8: about the valu asked mister bobsy who was downd from the city
	layer_10: about the value asked mister bobsy who as downed from the city
	layer_12: about the value asked mister bobsy who as downed from the city

file: 5849-50963-0008.flac
expected: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_2: the vw you werepete the capt in the sid so h the stranders mat oat her
	layer_4: the vl ou were peted the caft in the sid so it the strander's maght not her
	layer_6: the valu were peated the caftin he side so itf the strangers migt not her
	layer_8: the valu werepeated the caftain aside so hat the strangers migt not hear
	layer_10: the value wrepeated the captain aside sothat the strangers might not hear
	layer_12: the value repeated the captain aside sothat the strangers might not hear

file: 5849-50963-0009.flac
expected: well i'm a rich man now and so is my mate mc laughlin for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_2: wl i ea wricho min now and sowas myn meat megloclen for that wold bas contract ed forby elerdust an richus pan o her in this cuentr ad nowit as all bt theol ivered to them an the mony in ar haencs
	layer_4: whil i arich min now and so is my meat maglollon for that would was contracted for by t elargust and richous pan o herm in this cuntry and nowit is all but delivered to them and the mony in aur hians
	layer_6: while i m a rich man now and so as my mate megloklan for that would was contracted for by the largest and richus pieanoerm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our haands
	layer_8: while i am a rich man now and so as my mate maglalan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest pianoirm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_10: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate maglaklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest pianoferm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_12: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate miglaklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest pianoform in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands

file: 5849-50963-0010.flac
expected: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accumulate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_2: yessendiud it wol ife seakc an as o letan to cemlaidtis mutch mon as e ov arnd in thes sher
	layer_4: yesended it whoat hve teaken ess a livetin to kemla as much mony as we avfe earnd in tha ser
	layer_6: yes indeed it woul have stak en es a life time to cemla is much money as we hve erned in th shear
	layer_8: yes indeed it would have taken es a lifetime toacamlate as much money as we have earned in thi shear
	layer_10: yes indeed it would have taken us a life time to accemulate as much money as we have earned in this hyear
	layer_12: yes indeed it would have taken us a life time to accumulate as much money as we have earned in this hyear

file: 5849-50963-0011.flac
expected: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_2: ma the ont ammoly wil takeu don to the siti ont her shophing tor su gjested nan
	layer_4: mathe on emily will takeu dun to the cityg on her shofpthing toor sujested nan
	layer_6: me the onemioly will tak you dan to the city on her shoting tooar suggested nan
	layer_8: me the unt emmily will take you dan to the city on her shopling toar suggested nan
	layer_10: mety aunt emily will take you daown to the city on her shopping tor sugested nann
	layer_12: mete aunt emmily wi'll take you down to the city on her shopping tor suggested nan

file: 5849-50963-0012.flac
expected: he made the clerks remove all the truck from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_2: he main be clichs om mof althe chrukt rom the ilf an y gest evrybaty was gld the armyel down
	layer_4: he mad beclirchd om ofe all the truk rom the ils and i ges e rybudy was glad the arme tfll don
	layer_6: he made be clerch om ove all the truck from the iles and i gesst evrybody was glad the army felld down
	layer_8: he made the clerch rmove all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_10: he made the clerc tomove all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_12: he made the clerch tomove all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down

file: 5849-50963-0013.flac
expected: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_2: thet woneo hol resh ar t at thes menlavdin nit inday had beagtn their is to so hat evin the plainestfaset an emos aord man amongthem whas as nimvo as an afli from whis perfictexersie
	layer_4: thue oneefulfresh ar that thes menlovegon nihd inday had breaten theire eis to so that even the plainest fasd and te most olred man amung them whas as nimbol as in athlate from his perficdexersie
	layer_6: the wonderful fresh air that these men livedin night an day had brighten their eyes to so that even the planest faced and the most agred man among them was as nimbl as an athlat from his perfectd exercie
	layer_8: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brighten their eyes too so that even the polanest face and the most awqwared man among them was as nimbl as an athlet from his perfect exercise
	layer_10: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awwared man among them was as nimble as an athlet from his perfect exercise
	layer_12: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awwared man among them was as nimble as an athlet from his perfect exercise

file: 5849-50962-0000.flac
expected: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_2: calld bortwho hat heurd his ouncle getingrety to ren don to the wat esige
	layer_4: cald birt who had heurd his uncl geting ready to run down to the wat ersaidge
	layer_6: called birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the waters edge
	layer_8: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_10: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_12: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge

file: 5849-50962-0001.flac
expected: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minturn and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_2: it se sconersaid mssterbing im to misstermenter and she il the veary hady cargel
	layer_4: its a scooner said mister bing amto misterminter and she ha the very heavdy cargol
	layer_6: it's a schooner said mister bing em to mister menter and she had he very heavy cargo
	layer_8: it's a schooner said mister binam to mister menter and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_10: it's a schooner said mister binam to mister menter and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_12: it's a schooner said mister bingam to mister menter and she has a very heavy cargo

file: 5849-50962-0002.flac
expected: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_2: to this cord was fassontha havey ro per ceabl
	layer_4: to this cord was fassonda hevy ropercable
	layer_6: to this cord was fastined a heavy ropeer cable
	layer_8: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope er cable
	layer_10: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_12: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable

file: 5849-50962-0003.flac
expected: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cable
	layer_2: whet that bord for asprt an s he so bord follw ing the cel
	layer_4: what's that bord for aspert ands e sa bord following the keble
	layer_6: what's that bord for aspert ad he saw bord following the keeble
	layer_8: what's that board for ase bert ad he sawa board following the keeble
	layer_10: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the keebl
	layer_12: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the keebl

file: 5849-50962-0004.flac
expected: that's the directions said hal
	layer_2: thaus the erecctionsi how
	layer_4: bthats the directionstaid how
	layer_6: that's the directions aid how
	layer_8: that's the directions said how
	layer_10: that's the directions said haw
	layer_12: that's the directions said haw

file: 5849-50962-0005.flac
expected: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_2: the rprentedin an umberver in wiges and thy tell the croeto care the andof the chebl hi up tod the masd and fasint atstrongly tar
	layer_4: the reprinted in enumber ovl ingiges and the tell the crueto cry the andof the kable hig up to the masd and fasinit strongly their
	layer_6: the reprinted in hen umber of languages and they tell the crue to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fast in it strongly there
	layer_8: they ere printed in a number of languages and they tell the cruew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastened it strongly there
	layer_10: they were printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastened it strongly there
	layer_12: they were printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastened it strongly there

file: 5849-50962-0006.flac
expected: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches buoy will go out on a pulley
	layer_2: al isy sid per the lin wil strechten and the breach is foiy wle goo on ofpoliy
	layer_4: o i se said ber the lin will strech then and the breach es voy will go ou on apolly
	layer_6: oh i see said birt the line will stretch then and the breaches boli will go out on a poly
	layer_8: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bouly will go out on a polly
	layer_10: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches boly will go out on a polly
	layer_12: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breaches booly will go out on a polly

file: 5849-50962-0007.flac
expected: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_2: i was clerd day now and much of the wic in storm ad past
	layer_4: it was cleare day ow and much of the wiched storm had past
	layer_6: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_8: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_10: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_12: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed

file: 5849-50962-0008.flac
expected: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_2: wiedheyli kingrouls nd lom into the batce
	layer_4: weth te d lihk kan grols and lominto the bech
	layer_6: with the dalike cin girels and lominto the beeach
	layer_8: with the daylight king girls and lom into the beach
	layer_10: with the daylight king girls and lum into the beach
	layer_12: with the daylight king girls and lum into the beach

file: 5849-50962-0009.flac
expected: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossie and freddie being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_2: missas boby isas minteurng naly and hermother besidstoerte an nan wor al thar flasy an frety teing abluged to sy hom wit tinand ssten
	layer_4: misses bobsthy misus mintern nawly and her mother besides dorthe an nam wre all there flosyand fredy beeing abluged to stay hom wih din n stusten
	layer_6: missus bobshy missus menturn nally and her mother besidestdorthy ad nam were all there flassy and fredy being a blodge to stay home with din insusten
	layer_8: missus bobsy missus minturn nely and her mother beside dorthy and nam were all there flossy and freddy being oblodged to stay home with dina and susan
	layer_10: missus bobsy missus mintern nelly and her mother besides dorthy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and susn
	layer_12: missus bobsy missus mintern nelly and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and suzsan

file: 5849-50962-0010.flac
expected: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and bert and hal tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_2: of cuarse the grirls ast al sortsofquessions and birtin hol tratont anser then mis bes thyclid
	layer_4: of cource the girls ast all sorts of quessions and burtain hol tri ti ganster then misbes they coud
	layer_6: of course the girls asked all sorts of quesions and burten how tried to answer than isbess they could
	layer_8: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burten how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_10: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burten how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_12: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burten how tried to answer them as best they could

file: 5849-50962-0011.flac
expected: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buoy was returning
	layer_2: is sen dol ong timee fore aning olve men of the cavle sho that the boylas turining
	layer_4: a seen thelong time y fore anyng movemen of the cavbl shod that the boilwaserturning
	layer_6: its seemed a long time befor any movement of the cable showd that the boy was returning
	layer_8: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning
	layer_10: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning
	layer_12: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning

file: 5849-50962-0012.flac
expected: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_2: near and ner a cm an tl nowmanshedcud becng
	layer_4: nere an ner a came and til know  mands head could beeem
	layer_6: nearer ad nearit came untill now aman's had could be seemn
	layer_8: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_10: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_12: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen

file: 5849-50962-0013.flac
expected: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_2: the girlsn womin wer the frane to tok and nolly clon cllsto her mother
	layer_4: the girlsing woman were twoe fragten to tok and nely clon clos to her mother
	layer_6: the girlsan woman were two frighten to talk and nelly clun close to her mother
	layer_8: the girls and women were too frightend to talk and nelly clung close to her mother
	layer_10: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and knelliy clung close to her mother
	layer_12: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nelliy clung close to her mother

file: 5849-50962-0014.flac
expected: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cork belt bounded upon shore
	layer_2: a big raller dashingand fin e sthe wor for the litgrs and the man in the coartplt brndet apon sor
	layer_4: a bigrolart dashingin finish the work for the lifegiards and the man in the cortbelt barndet uponshor
	layer_6: a big roler daching infinihed the work for the lifegirds and t he man in the cortboult barnded upon shore
	layer_8: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life girds and ha man in the cortbeult banded upon shore
	layer_10: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guuards and a man in the court belt banded upon shore
	layer_12: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the courtbelt banded upon shore

file: 5849-50962-0015.flac
expected: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_2: everybuty gathit around ad nolly with the strancsfacse and a strander holp broktho the crou to se the reskud mein
	layer_4: everybody gathet around ad nowly with the straincehface and a stranger hop broke through the crout to see the reskued man
	layer_6: everybody gathed around ad nelly with the strangeh face and a stranger hope broke through the crow to see the reskuede man
	layer_8: everybody gathered around adknelly with tha strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crow to see the rescued man
	layer_10: everybody gathered around ad nelly with ta strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crow to see the rescued man
	layer_12: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man

file: 5849-50962-0016.flac
expected: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_2: o it is my father shusctrind hfaling wreaht into the  arnse of the trencst min
	layer_4: o it is my father she scrend falling wreat into thearns of the drensd man
	layer_6: oh it is my father she screened falling riht into the arnce of the drenced man
	layer_8: oh it is my father she screaemed falling right into the armnce of the drenched man
	layer_10: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the ars of the drenched man
	layer_12: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man

file: 5849-50962-0017.flac
expected: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_2: but the houftrrnd man rou tis is its of fe could nollyeh them then then nexminat he presstas littl douter thou has hearit andeablel o spekcle word
	layer_4: but the hafhtrouned man rubed his eyse its if fecould notbeliat them then the nexminat he prestas little dogher to as heart and eble tospeakcl woard
	layer_6: but the half tdround man rubed his eyes ats if fhe could not believe them then the next minat he pressed has little daughter to his heart anable to speaka word
	layer_8: but the half drouned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_10: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_12: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word

file: 5849-50962-0018.flac
expected: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_2: and his torgh bing imilt ther anchus sly as the brother
	layer_4: and is jorge being imout there anxiously as the brother
	layer_6: and his jorge bing im out there aniously aked the brother
	layer_8: and is george binghim out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_10: and is george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_12: and is george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother

file: 5849-50962-0019.flac
expected: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_2: safe and wel cin the walkom anster
	layer_4: safe and well cin the bakm anster
	layer_6: safe and well kin the bwelcom anster
	layer_8: safe and well kane the welcome anster
	layer_10: safe and well kame the welcome anster
	layer_12: safe and well kame the welcome anster

file: 5849-50962-0020.flac
expected: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_2: i gusir pers were hera d lasnet
	layer_4: i ges ir ers were her ad dlasnat
	layer_6: i gess our prars were her last night
	layer_8: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_10: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_12: i guess our prayers were heard last night

file: 5849-50962-0021.flac
expected: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_2: heur comd another mant exxclent the pepal as this tin abig nandashed on sins
	layer_4: here comedin other man exclene d the people as this tim a bignan dashed onsans
	layer_6: here come another man exclemed the people as this time a bignan dushed on sans
	layer_8: here comed another man exclaimed the people as this time a bigman dushed on sans
	layer_10: here come another man exclamed the people as this time a bigman dashed on sands
	layer_12: here comed another man exclaimed the people as this time a bigman dashed on sands

file: 5849-50962-0022.flac
expected: well i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_2: whill ied te clar le dideland ontafrenly shor
	layer_4: whill id declar we diiland on efrienly shor
	layer_6: while i declair we did a land on a friendly shore
	layer_8: while i declare we did aland on a friendly shore
	layer_10: while i declare we did a land on a friendly shore
	layer_12: while i declare we did a land on a friendly shore

file: 5849-50962-0023.flac
expected: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and hal's uncle
	layer_2: juses mssterbing himsid theli sheving wort trndou to beu sosiual f fheire for ther as agreat tin gruding nolly sfaother and hols unl
	layer_4: justes mister bing himsaid the li seving work terenedout to bea social affer for there as a great timn grding nelly sfather and how's uncle
	layer_6: just as mister bing him said the lie saving work turned oubt to be associal affair for therewas a great time greing nelly'sfather and house uncle
	layer_8: just as mister bingam said the lie saving work turned out to be asocial affair for there was a great time greting nelly's father and hou'se uncle
	layer_10: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and hou'se uncle
	layer_12: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and house uncle

file: 5849-50962-0024.flac
expected: and hal and his father too put in nan
	layer_2: and hown his father tu pod in nan
	layer_4: and howin his father too put in nan
	layer_6: and howlan his father too put in tnan
	layer_8: and hawland his father too put in nan
	layer_10: and haland his father too put in nane
	layer_12: and hawland his father too put in nane

file: 5849-50962-0025.flac
expected: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_2: hat a morning that wasat sentep beach
	layer_4: what a morning that was it sentetp beach
	layer_6: what amorning that was it sene et beach
	layer_8: what a morning that was it senceet beach
	layer_10: what a morning that was it sencet beach
	layer_12: what a morning that was it sencet beach

file: 5849-50962-0026.flac
expected: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_2: and so g a wy prad sedlit te flaet rety whont she herd the god negs
	layer_4: i' so e lad we prad said little flase t fredy whent she hared the good noes
	layer_6: i' so glad we praed said little flosy to redy when s she heard the good knews
	layer_8: i'm so glad we praed said little floy to freddy whena she heard the good news
	layer_10: i'm so glad we prayed said little fhilocy to freddy when she heard the good news
	layer_12: i'm so glad we prayed said little filocy to freddy when she heard the good news

file: 2506-13150-0000.flac
expected: pray captain quoth i as i was going down into the cabin is a man never overtaken by death in this passage
	layer_2: pfra capton cais a as i was goring don entes e cappen its aman novr ovitakim bye des amn this pasge
	layer_4: pray capton cos i as i a was going down intosacaen it a man nove r ovitakim by dus an this passege
	layer_6: pray captin cose eye as i alwas going down in tosa cabin it's a man nover ovrtaken by dus an this passage
	layer_8: pray captain cs i as iwas going down into a cabin it's a man nover overtaken by dus in this passage
	layer_10: pray captain quose iy as i was going down into sa cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage
	layer_12: pray captain cuose i as i was going down intosa cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage

file: 2506-13150-0001.flac
expected: why there is not time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed lyar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_2: w thas notie fout aman to besicen it replit waty crs lia for yi am sice as or hols cos i orety hor ta brain osi down hy da
	layer_4: w thas notimve for aman to be sicenid replity what y crs lir for i am sic as a wholse cuise y orety whorta bran asig down ha day
	layer_6: wy ther's not ime for a man to be sickonet repliety what a curst lir for i am sick as a holse querse i orreaty whor ta brain absite down hay day
	layer_8: why there's not ime for a man to be sickened repliedte what a curst liar for i am sick as a horse quoesi already hart a brain ubside down hay day
	layer_10: why there's notime for a man to be sickenet replied he what a curst lia for i am sick as a horse quoths i already what a brain ubside down hay day
	layer_12: why there's not time for a man to be sickenet replied he what a curst liar for i am sick as a horse quothes i already what a brain ubside down hay day

file: 2506-13150-0002.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: sigsag
	layer_4: sikesik
	layer_6: sik sik
	layer_8: sik sak
	layer_10: siksik
	layer_12: sik sik

file: 2506-13150-0003.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: siksenk
	layer_4: seike sik
	layer_6: sak sa
	layer_8: sak sak
	layer_10: se se
	layer_12: sak sak

file: 2506-13150-0004.flac
expected: when shall we get to land
	layer_2: hon sha egeto larnt
	layer_4: ene sho e gete land
	layer_6: en shal ve get te land
	layer_8: one shal we get to land
	layer_10: hone shal we get ta land
	layer_12: whene shall we get ta land

file: 2506-13150-0005.flac
expected: the wind chopp'd about
	layer_2: the wen coe to bout
	layer_4: the wenchoped to bout
	layer_6: the wen chope t about
	layer_8: the win chopped about
	layer_10: the wind chopped about
	layer_12: the wind chopped about

file: 2506-13150-0006.flac
expected: s'death then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_2: s dese the i sh o mea tim fouldlen the fase
	layer_4: s des the ni shao met him foulin the face
	layer_6: s des then i shall met him fullind the face
	layer_8: 'zdes then i shall meet him full im the face
	layer_10: zdes then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_12: zdes then i shall meet him foull in the face

file: 2506-13150-0007.flac
expected: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashore
	layer_2: capton coo she for havea sakelaus geto shl
	layer_4: capten coshe for havrd sake letas gete sho
	layer_6: captin coshe for havfi sake let us get a shr
	layer_8: captain cohe for heavve sake let us get a shore
	layer_10: captain koche for heavon's sake let us get ashore
	layer_12: captain cochi for heavn's sake let us get ashore

file: 2506-13150-0008.flac
expected: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_2: was not di mocrites whoul lof ten tons motan y tan clr ofr apd ro
	layer_4: was no di mucrites whould lag tentims mord an ey tan clarg ofor apdearow
	layer_6: was not dimucretis woul lauve tent times mordan ie ton clarg of her abdera
	layer_8: was not democratus whould laugh ten times more than i town clerg ofr apdera
	layer_10: was not democritus whoud laughed ten times more than i town clerk of apdira
	layer_12: was not democritus whould laugh ten times more than i town clerk of  apdira

file: 2506-13150-0009.flac
expected: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_2: a ive he dornd beelyv me hu my reats the cecpto foral pans
	layer_4: naey ave you durnd belyove me you may reat the chepto for oar pans
	layer_6: na hif you don'ed believe me you may reat the chaptr for your pains
	layer_8: nay if you don't believe me you may reat the chapter for your pains
	layer_10: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_12: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pans

file: 2506-11267-0000.flac
expected: i see shoals of them depart not perhaps without an innate longing too to quit the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_2: i se shals of shom depard nlot behaps ofs artan a na long ing to tocit the in an to long wisers happisnops
	layer_4: i se sauls of theme depard not behaps ofes audan an nad long ing to to quiet the ilan to long withs ers happis nobs
	layer_6: i se sharls of them depard not berhaps oves ouden anaide longing two togret the iland along withes happis nobs
	layer_8: i see shaurs of them depard not perhaps 'souden a ade longing too to gret the islandt along with hes happy sknobs
	layer_10: i see shors of them depart not perhaps soutan an ad longing too to qit the irsland along with these happy sknobs
	layer_12: i see shars of them depart not perhaps i'sautan an ade longing too to grit the island along with these happy sknobs

file: 2506-11267-0001.flac
expected: farewell dear friends i say you little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and brother
	layer_2: fy walldo frens y say nyu letono thaty andofvidorwh rekarsyw frome the beage is yoa frend andthistoryock refer ant prosr
	layer_4: fay a weldo frence i say nun letenowthaty ind ivi uae who regarbsyu from the bege is yoar frend and his torio refir andd proser
	layer_6: fer well dou frence i say nu litterenow that h indeviual who regards you from the beeagh is your friend and histororifer and proser
	layer_8: farwell der friends i say nw littleknow that the individdual who regards you from the beech is your friend and historiocrapher and prozer
	layer_10: farewell dear friends i say nou little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and prozer
	layer_12: farewell dear friends i say nou little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and prozer

file: 2506-11267-0002.flac
expected: i went to day to see our excellent friend snooks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching forth in their pride and bravery
	layer_2: i wento day to se recxlendfensnoks aon bod the queen of a frenange many scars a snops wassr on the deck of setfansip maghing fose in theae prid and brafry
	layer_4: i wen to day to se oreclend fent snoks onbord the queen of the frenege many scars as snubs was aire on the dec of set fanship marching fouse ind ther prid and brafry
	layer_6: i went to day to see ourexcland fvent snoks onbord the queen of the frenege many scourse er snops was aire on the deck of that finship marching force in their prid and brafery
	layer_8: i went to day to see our excelent vent snoks on board the queen of the frenacge many scose o snopps wiher on the dack of that finship marching force in their pride and bravery
	layer_10: i went to day to see our excellent fent snokes on board the queen of the frennanch many scors of snops wizer on the deck of that finship marching force in their pride and bravery
	layer_12: i went to day to see our excellent vent snokes on board the queen of the frennach many scors of snops wizer on the deck of that finship marching force in their pride and bravery

file: 2506-11267-0003.flac
expected: they will be at ostend in four hours they will inundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_2: they wall be at ostandintforroers theyvil in odat the comtin an nextweke they ea carian to fallans the fi mas iich of the british snop
	layer_4: they wilel be at ostandind for rowers they il inondate the continan nextwek theyear carianto far lans the famess emmage of the british snop
	layer_6: they will be at ostan int for rours they will inundate the continant nex tweek they ware cariyanto far lancs the famous emage of the brittish snop
	layer_8: they will be at ostentin four hours they will enondate the contenent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_10: they will be at astin in four hours they will enondate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_12: they will be at astin in four hours they will enondate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop

file: 2506-11267-0004.flac
expected: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagna of rome and have heard their oaths and their well known slang in the galleries of the vatican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_2: i hav seen snobs ind pincods antoumting bds scowring oves e compiny of rome andt  are hrd e terodd im therbllnen sling in the gares of the fatican and t undrd the shetory aonturs of do colsem
	layer_4: i have seen snobs in pingcods antomting bds scorring overs a compni of rome and have hered o ther rots anm therbelnon slang ind the galeriase of the vaican and to underd the shed owy arntus of do colaceam
	layer_6: i have seend snobs in pincodes and thumting boods scwring overs a company of rome and have herd a their roades an theirebell known slang and the galleries of the vatican and undered the shadowe arnchurs of the colosm
	layer_8: i have seen snobs in pincoats and humting boots scowering over a company of rome and have heard a their roads and theirwell known slang in the galleries of the vagican and under the shadowy arches of the colsm
	layer_10: i have seen snobs in pinkcoats and humting boots scowering over the compani of rome and have heard o their roads and their well known slangin the galleries of the patican and under the shadowy arches of the colasm
	layer_12: i have seen snobs in pinkcoats and humting boots scowering over the company of rome and have heard o their roads and their well known slangin the galleries of the vatican and under the shadowy arches of the colasm

file: 2506-11267-0005.flac
expected: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_2: my lay demarncinis comes o bod lookraund wassert hapbe arof ming gld tarar and teprtnence wich histing wihers halaydeshi and dreshus too ha caragh forit his imposibl thatche houl d min gl wais i othe snobsone deak
	layer_4: my lady marciness comes on bod look sround wes sart ha py earrof mingl tarar and departonence wich thestingwichers her ladiship and drescius to her carrage for iat is impossibleo that he should mengl was e other snobsomn dak
	layer_6: my lady marthiness comes umbord looks round weh sad hapby air of mingle tere and depertinance which the stinguiches her ladyship and recius to her carrage for it is impossible that she should minge wih the other snobsomn dack
	layer_8: my lady marchiness comes onbord looks round with sat happy air of mingle terror and impertinence which distinguises her ladyship and rucies to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the others snobs on deck
	layer_10: my lady marchiness comes on bord looks round with ad happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and ruses to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_12: my lady marchiness comes on bord looks round with sad happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck

file: 2506-11267-0006.flac
expected: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_2: ther she saits and wilbe elemprivrd
	layer_4: ther she saits and will be elem priverd
	layer_6: ther she sais and will be illempriverd
	layer_8: there she sais and will be illimprivaete
	layer_10: there she saids and will be ill imprivaete
	layer_12: there she saids and will be ill imprivate

file: 2506-11267-0007.flac
expected: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's heart
	layer_2: n the stroberele son he carit phanals aring graton helad ships hd
	layer_4: thistroberreleas on her chariat pannels orin grateon he lade ships hard
	layer_6: the stroberarelease on her chariat pannels ar ingrat on her ladiship's hard
	layer_8: the strobearrylese on her chariat pannels are ingrate on her ladyship's hard
	layer_10: the strobury les on her chariot pannels are en grat on her ladyship's hart
	layer_12: the stroburyles on her chariot panels are en grat on her ladyship's hart

file: 2506-11267-0008.flac
expected: and davis you'd best take the pistol case into the cabin
	layer_2: and dvas youd bestake the pe socacontis cavben
	layer_4: and davars youd buestake the pesoocasontois cavben
	layer_6: and daveas you'd bustake the pusolcase into it cabin
	layer_8: and davrs you'd bust take the pisocase into is cabin
	layer_10: and davis you'd best take the pisocase into his cabin
	layer_12: and davis you'd best take the pisolcas into his cabin

file: 2506-11267-0009.flac
expected: look at honest nathan houndsditch and his lady and their little son
	layer_2: loked onles naton hamsetith on his latyanmd therlita som
	layer_4: look aet t onest nact in hansdith aln his lady and their lito som
	layer_6: look at onest nactin hansditch an his lady an their littere som
	layer_8: look at honest natin hansditch and his lady and theie littlre som
	layer_10: look at honest nasen hansdich and his lady amd their little sum
	layer_12: look at honest naten hansditch and his lady amd their little sum

file: 2506-11267-0010.flac
expected: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_2: whatanoble avrof blasin con tent mend il yunate dho peacersel tho snopst of easto rase
	layer_4: what a noble ar of blasincontentment iluminate to feaces l tho snobs of easton race
	layer_6: what a noble ar of blasing contentiment iluminate the feachers e tho enobs of easten race
	layer_8: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminate the features of thohe snops of eastern race
	layer_10: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminate the features of those snops of eastern race
	layer_12: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snops of eastern race

file: 2506-11267-0011.flac
expected: what a toilette houndsditch's is
	layer_2: whata twelneat hounsdicchisis
	layer_4: wat e tweneat hounse dicesas
	layer_6: wat a twele ethouns tichesays
	layer_8: wat a twellerowns dichasas
	layer_10: what a twilne towns dichesas
	layer_12: what a twele towns dichesas

file: 2506-11267-0012.flac
expected: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_2: it wion lov hasparvimselvf andy chepen doyment
	layer_4: out wione neeesparimselvf any chep en doymend
	layer_6: out wil never spar imself any cheep an jroyment
	layer_8: you will never spar himself any cheep enjoyment
	layer_10: yo will never spar himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_12: ye will never spar himself any cheap enjoyment

file: 2506-11267-0013.flac
expected: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquely and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_2: i have s at befol ilikto ik at the pebles on theygalla das theea so pctruscly ant oudr raguslys blended enhapy
	layer_4: i havesatd befor i like to look at the peoples on ther gala days ther so pictrusly ant oudragesly s blendedant haby
	layer_6: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their galler days the aes so pictrasclly and outragously splenderd and haby
	layer_8: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days they are so pictrasically and outrageously splendid and hapby
	layer_10: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their galloe days they are so pictrasically and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_12: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gallo days they are so picturasically and outrageously splendid and happy

file: 2506-11267-0014.flac
expected: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tight and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snob as any man on board
	layer_2: yooe ther coms capt am bolspeanspan tidan drim wh treveas o foor sixmon sevee yar of islive whuld es not comitimser by lucry of ramantovrensinens of do menr bt hink as us grahti sopas any manon boad
	layer_4: yom ther comes capt an bol speican span tidand drim whit trevers for fo  sixmon seveyear of hislive would is not comithimser by luctury of ram ent orensonens of demener but i u think is us greate snopas any man on bord
	layer_6: yomter comes capt an bol spicen span tid and drim whrt ravurs for for o six moncevry year of his live wo des not comit himself by loctury of raiment or rincolence of demanar but i  think as as great e snop as any man on bord
	layer_8: yonter comes captain bul spick and span tied and drim whut travers for fou or six month s every year of his live who does not commits himself by luxury of rayment or incolence of demeanar but i think is as great ast nopp as any man on board
	layer_10: yonder comes captain bul spick and span tid and drim would travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commits himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanar but i think is as great a snop as any man on board
	layer_12: yonder comes captain bull spickand span tid and drim would travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commits himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanar but i think is as great a snop as any man on board

file: 2506-11267-0015.flac
expected: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_2: bo pasas teseeson e londen sfomging fortinnes antlebing in aegarit ner his clup
	layer_4: bor passes te ceason an lunton sponging for diners and tlybing in agared nere his clop
	layer_6: bol passes tho casen in lonton sponging for dinners and tleeabing in a garrit near his clup
	layer_8: ball passes the seeason in lonton sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garre near his clup
	layer_10: bal passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleping in a garret near his club
	layer_12: bal passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleaping in a garret near his club

file: 2506-11267-0016.flac
expected: see he is up to old carabas already i told you he would
	layer_2: se ins up dild carbes araty i tol to he wod
	layer_4: se is uptold carbars aorady ihtold to he wodt
	layer_6: see is oubtold carabers oready i old y he wood
	layer_8: see yeu's oubptold carbas already i told you he would
	layer_10: see e's uptoled carbas already i told you he would
	layer_12: see he's uptoled carabas already i told you he would

file: 2506-11267-0017.flac
expected: that broad shouldered buck with the great whiskers and the cleaned white kid gloves is mister phelim clancy of poldoodystown he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brogue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or ecarte with him the chances are that you will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_2: thet brr tled ed bok wis egrat wescas m the clin twit cid glovs is mestaflm clansy of pldude stown nhe cos himself mistat do clonsee he an deveasto discises nat if frok was e rijust si bapasision ofvinglate and dof fhulay ad belyads orecart wis him tei chan tesar that o wlwon the fers gaing andt he the sevan ao aid gams ansuing
	layer_4: that bror tald ad bok was agreat weskhers me the clen t wihte cid gloves is mister fllam clansy of puldudy stown he cas himself misster dooclonse he endeves to discises nateivf bruk wihs a ricust so baposition of inlish and taf fyuplay ad blliads orecart was him tdichanctesar that yhe wile woen the firs gaing and hev the seven aor aight games andcuing
	layer_6: that brough challdert book whas a great weskersan the clean twihte kit gloves is mister felom clancy of poulldudy stown he case himself mister docloncee he endavers to discisees nateie bruog with te richest sipa position of incglish and if yuplay atd billiards or ecart wis him tdid chancers ar that he wie wen the firs gaing and he the seven or eight games and suwing
	layer_8: that broughd cholderd book wits a great wiskers and the clean white kit glovs is mister fllam clancy of pulldudys own he calse himself mister duclonse he endeavoursed to disgise his native bruk with the ricchest superposition of english and if you play at billiyards or a cart with him ded chances ar that he wirl wen the first gain and he the seven or eaight games and suwing
	layer_10: that broagd choderd book with a great whiskers and the clean white kit gloves is mister fllam clancy of poldudys town he calse himself mister declonci he endeavourse to disguise his native brug with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyiyards or a cardt with him the chances are that ye will en the first gan and he the seven or eight games ansuwing
	layer_12: that broagd chodered book with a great wiskers and the clean white kit glove's is mister fallam clancy of poldudys town he calse himself mister duclonci he endeavors to disguise his native brug with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyards or a card with him te chances are that yo will wen the first gan and he the seven or eight games ansuwing

file: 2506-11267-0018.flac
expected: the next person is but hark
	layer_2: the nexparson ais obithak
	layer_4: the nexparson is enbet hok
	layer_6: the nex person is win bet hark
	layer_8: the next person is whe bet hark
	layer_10: the next person is webet hark
	layer_12: the next person is webet hark

file: 2506-11278-0000.flac
expected: when a gross instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist call the public attention to that delinquency too
	layer_2: bun agros instens of snomitioness hapans i should not te indickn an janinlhist cors ha pupicutentiontees at deling gcro se to
	layer_4: wen igrose instens of snomitioness happens i should not the indignend garnilest cas thu pubicatentientoes at delling co ce to
	layer_6: when egrose instance of snomishness happens wi should not the indicnan garnilest caus the publicattentiontuidhs at delling couecee too
	layer_8: when it gros instance of snomishness happens wiy should not the indignant jarnalist cause the public attentiontoodes that delincucy too
	layer_10: when it grows instance of snomishness happens why should not the indignant jurnalist cause the public attention toos that delincracy too
	layer_12: when it grows instance of snomishness happens why should not the indignant jurnalist cause the public attention toos that delincacy too

file: 2506-11278-0001.flac
expected: how for instance could that wonderful case of the earl of mangelwurzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_2: how for instancs could sat onedo fo cat of eol of mangevrerse a his broser be eexemendim the nopish poindof
	layer_4: how for instance could sat onmede for cat of the al of mangl brertsel and his brosser be exemeent in the snopish poin tof u
	layer_6: how for instance could tat wonmdrful cate of the arl of mangle britel and his broser be exerment in the snopbish point of he
	layer_8: how for instance could sat wonderful kate of the arl of manglebretel and his brozer be examined in the snopbish point of e
	layer_10: how for instance could that wonderful cate of the ell of manglebrertel and his broter be examined in the snobbish point of vew
	layer_12: how for instance could that wonderful cate of the arl of manglebertel and his broter be examined in the snobbish point of vew

file: 2506-11278-0002.flac
expected: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelwurzelshire
	layer_2: ol re recuy ase the saman should be vecommeneto hars bi the rl of mang oorsushr
	layer_4: all re requy eas tha saman should be reccommeneto as by the erll of mang oersihar
	layer_6: al re requi is tha saman should be recommenetoas by the erl of mangevernsociare
	layer_8: all we require is tha s a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangovir uche
	layer_10: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangovisushe
	layer_12: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangovisuche

file: 2506-11278-0003.flac
expected: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_2: el you priteifl soblent
	layer_4: o you prigdifal slolent
	layer_6: o you pride of al sobland
	layer_8: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_10: o you pride of al snloland
	layer_12: o you pride of all smlobland

file: 2506-11278-0004.flac
expected: o you crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and parasites
	layer_2: o ecrling trkling self com fest laccs and pairasite
	layer_4: o yo croaling trockling selfcom fast lackes and paroasigtes
	layer_6: oe craling trucklingself confast lackes and parasigtes
	layer_8: oey craling truckling self confessed lackees and paracites
	layer_10: o crualing truckling self confessed lakes and paricites
	layer_12: oy cruling truckling self confessed lakes and parasites

file: 2506-11278-0005.flac
expected: it was her snobbish sentiment that misled her and made her vanities a prey to the swindling fortune teller
	layer_2: it wasi sabish sentiment utmslet her and to mat o vanates a prate thae this wenlicforthen thaller
	layer_4: it was he snobas sentiment bhut msslet her and to mate have vanat ies aprade it thei swenlyng forch en tenler
	layer_6: it was her snobis sentiment but mislet her and made hae vanitie's apprayde it thi s windling fortun taler
	layer_8: it was he snorbish sentiment but mis leher and made he vanitie's apprydi the swindling fortune taller
	layer_10: it was her snobbish sentiment but mis lether and made her vanities appray do the swindling fortune taler
	layer_12: it was her snobbish sentiment but mis lether and made he vanities appray dat the swindling fortune taller

file: 2506-11278-0006.flac
expected: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting young french lady
	layer_2: honutyu coun foud pritices be nyfilens exesisto wasintosing ion french lady
	layer_4: how t yo cound for t a protitces benefilens exessise to wasintersing on frencthlady
	layer_6: how wird you cound for the protiches benefhillen's excescice to was s intersing in french lady
	layer_8: how would yo account for the protichus benefolen's exercised to was intersting an french lady
	layer_10: how would you account for the proticious benepholen's exercise towards intersting and french lady
	layer_12: how would you account for the proticious benepholen's exercise towards intersting and french lady

file: 2506-11278-0007.flac
expected: the honest boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_2: the on eas oding has peablerat ter fetet onese
	layer_4: the ones poding heuse peeable rather feate t wonence
	layer_6: the honersborting hos peable re her feet atwonnc
	layer_8: the honorsbording house peble rad her feet at onence
	layer_10: the honer'sbording house pble rat her feet at onnc
	layer_12: the honersboarding house peable rat her feet at wonnce

file: 2506-11278-0008.flac
expected: good honest simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_2: gota anasibe lor tloving jlde of smoplent
	layer_4: got onesimpe lord loving  jelden of snoplent
	layer_6: god one impallord loving jildon of snoblend
	layer_8: good honor simple lord loving jildren of sknobland
	layer_10: good honor imple lord loving cildren of snopland
	layer_12: good honor simple lord loving children of snopland

file: 2506-11278-0009.flac
expected: finally there was the case of the right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_2: finanly thet was ecas of do riede onr bo mistefrn an nhatdouk
	layer_4: finany threwasecase of de rigede onorbe miste vern an atd ug
	layer_6: finilly there was a case of derigt onobl mistervern and atg
	layer_8: finally there was ha case of de rit honorabl mister vernond a og
	layer_10: finally there was ta case of deright honorable mister vernon at g
	layer_12: finally there was h case of deright honorable mister vernon at og

file: 2506-11278-0010.flac
expected: the right honourable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_2: therite onorabo was a son of  no bemen and prec tist oin o lad
	layer_4: the rie onorebe was a son of nobeman and prectist onanal lady
	layer_6: the rite onorable was a son of a nobeman and preactist onanold lady
	layer_8: the rit honorable was ha son of a nobleman and practiced on an old lady
	layer_10: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practiced on an old lady
	layer_12: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practiced on an old lady

file: 2506-11278-0011.flac
expected: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_2: then he cas t hisnets overfaminlyo fathm mothr andtes one of im eppobrose to mary
	layer_4: then he caset his nets over familyof fathem mother andaltes one of him hepobrose to marry
	layer_6: then he caset his nets over a family o father mother and aters one of him he preprosed to marry
	layer_8: then he castd his nets over a family of father mother and auters one of whoim he proprosed to marry
	layer_10: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daugters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_12: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry

file: 2506-11278-0012.flac
expected: one day the traitor fled with a teapot and a basketful of cold victuals
	layer_2: on dae the dra to blert with aitepoart and abuskaet forl of cld ficg tse
	layer_4: one daed the dra tof plat with a teporte and abusked ful of cold ficgcus
	layer_6: one daded the dreat of flad with a teeporter and a bosket ful of calld ficturs
	layer_8: one dayde the drat of flet with a tea water and a basket full of cald fictures
	layer_10: one day the trat of flad with a teaater and a basket ful of cold fictures
	layer_12: one day the trat of flad with a teapater and a basket ful of cold victures

file: 2506-11278-0013.flac
expected: it was the right honourable which baited the hook which gorged all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_2: it os a vid onmerape which bate the whakq which cojl thes gready simble snabes
	layer_4: it os ar vigd onerabr which bate the whook which goach old thes greedy semple snobes
	layer_6: it ws anvide onorable which bated the hook which gog alld these greedy simple snobes
	layer_8: it was an vite honorable which badet the hook which gorg alld these greedy simple snobs
	layer_10: it was a vigt honourable which bateth the hook which gorge alld these greedy simple snobs
	layer_12: it was a vight honorable which badeth the hoook which gorge olld these greedy simple snobs

file: 2506-11278-0014.flac
expected: would they have been taken in by a commoner
	layer_2: whit ta havepentakan in by cominr
	layer_4: what a have pentaken an by cominer
	layer_6: whuld they have ben taken in by common
	layer_8: woud they have een takenin by commoner
	layer_10: would they have been taken in by commone
	layer_12: would they have been taken in by commone

file: 2506-11278-0015.flac
expected: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_2: an las and alas wat moart o mam the spexitruce con he for such on anglaty
	layer_4: alas and alars what mart o man the spekatroth con heo for such alanlady
	layer_6: alas and alars what mortar man thes speaks the druth can hop for such a land lady
	layer_8: alas and alas what morta man thet speaks the druth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_10: alas and alas what mortl man the speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_12: alas and alas what mortal man the speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady

file: 2506-11278-0016.flac
expected: and yet all these instances of fond and credulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_2: anteat o se s encencses a fomdan cretulae snobitness avar cerd a the same wekpabe wis her nis howmany scoal morle
	layer_4: antet alty s incences a fondaindcrachulas snubitiness havea cured and the same weks paber was he noys howmany scor mol
	layer_6: and at altys insences of fondand cratulous snobitiness have a cured an the same weeks paper wis honows how many schor mor
	layer_8: and yat alte's insences of fond andcratulous snubbishness have occurred ind the same weeks paper with ho knows how many schore mor
	layer_10: and yet althes insences of fond ancreatulous snubishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many schoore mor
	layer_12: and yet althes insences of fond ancretulous snubbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many schor mor

file: 2506-11278-0017.flac
expected: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_2: we afr sisters o sevinteente tenteto
	layer_4: we orthrey sestes wom seventeento trenteton
	layer_6: we are three sestis wom seventeen to twentetun
	layer_8: we are three cisters wom seventeen to twenty twon
	layer_10: we are three cisters wrom seventeen to twenty two
	layer_12: we are three cisters wrom seventeen to twenty two

file: 2506-11278-0018.flac
expected: we are just the same to persons with a handle to their name as to those without it
	layer_2: weou ju sersame to persens wo wase hanle tosena mus torse watsartt
	layer_4: we aud jus e samed to persens fo isa hal tos anaemus i sose was out het
	layer_6: we are just tas samed to persons fur wis  handledto than a must ethose wash out it
	layer_8: we are just te same to persons whor wis a handl to thenamus to those without it
	layer_10: we are just the same to persons who with a handle to their ame as to those without it
	layer_12: we are just the same to persons who with a handle to their am as to those without it

file: 2506-11278-0019.flac
expected: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hope
	layer_2: ifhe do i canatolplet ty ae of he seangen dispesition and ard to tanieling gringhom
	layer_4: if e do i cannatolb ed bd iy arm ofea senguen disposition and ante taina lingring home
	layer_6: if yo do i cannotalb t but i am ov ar sanguin disposition and entitain a lingering hom
	layer_8: if yo do i cannot helb it but i am o a sanguin disposition and entertain a lingering hom
	layer_10: if you do i cannot help  it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hom
	layer_12: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hom

file: 2506-11278-0020.flac
expected: excuse this scrawl but i always write headlong
	layer_2: excirs isgrl oued it awiyse rit hadlong
	layer_4: excurs asgral bad ie awis rihte hadlong
	layer_6: excurses grawl but i always riht had long
	layer_8: excuse is graw but i always right had long
	layer_10: excuse us groll but i always right hadlong
	layer_12: excuse es grul but i always right had long

file: 2506-11278-0021.flac
expected: we never write on perfumed paper in short i can't help thinking that if you knew us you would not think us snobs
	layer_2: we nevrri top fom to pavr int jod bi contope sinkging thatof hinnrs yu oald nlot singi snaps
	layer_4: we neveerrigtm befumed to paver int jard i cont ope sinking that if hu k eurs you wuld not sink es snopbs
	layer_6: we never rieond prfume to pavur i jord i can't ulp sinking that if you k es you ould not sinkghis snops
	layer_8: we never writ ta perfume to paver in god i can't elp sinking that if you knew s you would not sink his snops
	layer_10: we never write a perfum to paper in george i can't help sinking that if yoeu knew us you would not sink his snops
	layer_12: we never write ar perfume to paper in george i can't help sinking that if ye knew us you would not sink his snops

file: 2506-11278-0022.flac
expected: i shall have a black crape round my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with the richly gilt knob
	layer_2: i shar have a blec cra pr at myi wihthat at min yuse uf bem be can wassev erituly gild s nap
	layer_4: a shor have a bleccra r had my an wihte hat ant's my yuse ou ban boe cam mus sevritully gilds knoe
	layer_6: i shal have a blac craperud my inwitehed and my usl banb came was sevritually gill norv
	layer_8: i shal have a black craprad my white head an my usal bambou came ware si richally guilt nov
	layer_10: i shal have a black crap rod my white heat ad my usual bamboo came was sir richelly gilt nog
	layer_12: i shall ave a black crape rod my white heat and my usual bamboo came was sir richally gilt nov

file: 2506-11278-0023.flac
expected: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_2: i amserhe har wll be nor time to gat upt masstasses buedre know n nextwee
	layer_4: i amsore ther whill be no time toget op mwastushies budree know and nextweke
	layer_6: i am sore thre will be no time to get up mostachioeus betree now and next week
	layer_8: i am sory there wi'll be no time to get up mostaches betwee now and next week
	layer_10: i am sorry there will be no time to get up mostachas between now nd next week
	layer_12: i am sorry there will be no time to get up mostachas between now and next week

file: 2506-11278-0024.flac
expected: from seventeen to two and twenty ye gods what ages
	layer_2: fromseventeine ti tan trunt gi gotsortages
	layer_4: from seveentemd to toen trenty yid gots or tages
	layer_6: from seventeemd to to entrenty yu gots wort agous
	layer_8: from seventeen itintanty yu godsort ages
	layer_10: from seventeen to tantrenty y godsortages
	layer_12: from seventeen to tintrenty y god'sortages

file: 2506-11278-0025.flac
expected: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_2: ter yon greaces icansu  al re
	layer_4: der youncreaches i cancs youp ald thre
	layer_6: dear youn creeacus i can see you  all three
	layer_8: dear young creatuers i can see you  all three
	layer_10: dear young creatures i can see youall three
	layer_12: dear young creatures i can see you all three

file: 2506-11278-0026.flac
expected: seventeen suits me as nearest my own time of life but mind i don't say two and twenty is too old
	layer_2: sevent insosme as ne r rs mi ent him flife but mi tie dornt sa trn trenti stolld
	layer_4: sevent insos me as ne s mynt ime flive bud mi die don saytn trentystld
	layer_6: seventinsus me as nears myntime of life but myd i don't say tou ntrentystold
	layer_8: seventein sus me as near ast my on time of life but midi don't say twou n twentys told
	layer_10: seventeen suwts me as near as my own time of life but mighti don't say tw nd twentys to ld
	layer_12: seventeen suwts me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two and twentys to ld

file: 2506-11278-0027.flac
expected: no no and that pretty roguish demure middle one
	layer_2: non an thet fric rogiesd to mer mit eon
	layer_4: nono an thet fric rogised to ma miteron
	layer_6: no kno a that frityrogis te m miderone
	layer_8: no no am that fritty roges demur mie on
	layer_10: no no am that prity rogis demur middeon
	layer_12: no no am that pritty rogis demur middeon

file: 2506-11278-0028.flac
expected: peace peace thou silly little fluttering heart
	layer_2: peis pes thar sillilisof flutering hart
	layer_4: pis peas tha sely lissl flutering had
	layer_6: peis peas tha sili little fluttering hard
	layer_8: pese pae the sillin litttle fluttering hard
	layer_10: ps pase thi silly little fluttering hart
	layer_12: pas pase thi silly little fluttering hart

file: 2506-11278-0029.flac
expected: you snobs dear young ladies
	layer_2: yo snapst ug lats
	layer_4: yo snobsty ong ladis
	layer_6: you snobst oung lades
	layer_8: yu snobste young ladies
	layer_10: yu snobsty young ladies
	layer_12: yu snobsty young ladies

file: 2506-11278-0030.flac
expected: i will pull any man's nose who says so
	layer_2: i wilpo any ens nose sesso
	layer_4: i wilrl po any men's no se o sesso
	layer_6: i will pourh any men's now s o sess so
	layer_8: i will pu any man's knose ho says so
	layer_10: i will pu any man's knose ho says so
	layer_12: i will put any man's knose who says so

file: 2506-11278-0031.flac
expected: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_2: ther is no home being of ogooth faely
	layer_4: there is no hom an bing of ar got fanvely
	layer_6: there is no harm in being of a good fanvly
	layer_8: there is no harm on being of a good family
	layer_10: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_12: there is no harm in being of a good family

file: 2506-11278-0032.flac
expected: you can't help it poor dears what's in a name
	layer_2: yucom tea et pordars wu sin aname
	layer_4: yo contel pat poaders wasin a name
	layer_6: you cometel bet poidrs wa's in anaime
	layer_8: you can't elp it poadars what's in ha name
	layer_10: you can't help it poadars what's in a name
	layer_12: you can't help it poaders what's in a name

file: 2506-11278-0033.flac
expected: that very confidence savours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_2: the t fary comfit an savess of aragons af to be arogent is to be asnop
	layer_4: that fary comfithen saves of arigans af to be arigant is to be as nobe
	layer_6: that vary confrten savus of arigans ave to be arigant is to be a snob
	layer_8: that very confidence savus of aregans ave to be arigant is to be a snob
	layer_10: that very confidenc savus of aregans an to be arrigant is to be a sknob
	layer_12: that very confidence savus of aregans an to be arogant is to be a snob

file: 2506-11278-0034.flac
expected: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_2: bdo r therno caninaces nheo tenthe hars er sos homble simblen treselofing
	layer_4: butd ther no caoninates lo ten dhe hards o sols humble simblantrese loving
	layer_6: but are theyr no cininates notender heards o sals humble simble an tres loving
	layer_8: but ae theyre no kiny natures notender hards no souls humble simble and truce loving
	layer_10: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and trute loving
	layer_12: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no soul's humble simple and trute loving

file: 2506-11278-0035.flac
expected: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_2: pond rwelon thesesionswaton lats
	layer_4: pond eawell on thiscestien swadyon ladies
	layer_6: pond erwell on thi squestion s widyon ladies
	layer_8: ponderwell on this questions waid young ladies
	layer_10: ponderwell on this question swad young ladies
	layer_12: ponderwell on this question swat young ladies

file: 2506-169427-0000.flac
expected: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodical or accidental payments of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive till at length in some evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principal upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations
	layer_2: intres towevr storon sonen boscaces se pe reotocr o exidadtoupamementofv it jeservering o ceape the mury of the fv re loine tilat dlings an som e evealowwer puop comse credet r arponech and ta biede amond ig frinsupel op on the spout to cether was fo an dreus tih ivrday makedtombote feld the foulixtentof theiverorblications
	layer_4: interes towever stil ronsonen botcates the per reoudicar o exid aturpament of it juserveing to cepe the mamery of the afae re life tilat lings in som we evelower pup comdse creadeer uponeache and bidamonding prinsupul op on the spout to gethr wais fl ndresto the verday maked am both feld the fullextent of therveroblications
	layer_6: interes however still run zan inbothcaters the periodicar or excidant ar pament of it just serving to keep the mamory of the affair relive tilat lens in som we eve l ouer pup come ste credater upon each and by damanding principul upon the spot together wis full ndres to the very day makes them both feeld the full extent of their roblications
	layer_8: interest however still runzon in both cates the periodica or eccidenta payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairrelive till at lenth in some eval ouer pop comeste creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together wih full ntress to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their roblications
	layer_10: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodicar or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair relife till at length in some eval ouer pop comes a credito upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full intrest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_12: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodicar or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair relife till at length in som eval ouer pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full intrest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications

file: 2506-169427-0001.flac
expected: as the reader for i hate your ifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mementos
	layer_2: ase reada foriy had youl rves has a suera nolic of heaminagher imne nho tam mal do sete fi him sat my harr o cud not go on at thisrat is out som slietexpearens of seeasensident of memunteas
	layer_4: as i reader for i hade yourl rives has a sorr a nolach of hemin agre ine not ta mord to setfy him sad my hear o could not go on at this rad wis oud some slighd experans of seasontidentoe memantes
	layer_6: as ereader for i had your rives has a sorre nolage of humanature i need not taemore to setfy him sait  my hearo could not go on at this rade wis out some slight experians of theseen sidentle me mantos
	layer_8: as e reader for i hade your rivs has a shorg knowledge of humanatur i need not say more to satify him shat my hero could not go on at this rade without some slight experience of these incidentle memantos
	layer_10: as a reader for i hate your rivs has a thorowh knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satify him thad my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mmentos
	layer_12: as a reader for i hate your rivs has a thorrowg knowledge of human ature i need not say more to satify him thad my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos

file: 2506-169427-0002.flac
expected: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding eugenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted thro any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and a mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be cross'd out in course
	layer_2: to spee the trus he hat wonntonley invofe tomel  in amotitud of smald book detsof thistanmp wich noth wis stenthing igeniursas recuund tet fice he t muchdisregarded inking at as nod on ofs om was comtrectet filo any molicnes buton the condry fromen a e stee of mint and dhe madeocundit af humer they woat aonl of tham becrostountenn cos
	layer_4: to speea the truth he hat wonternly involved himselfe in amatitud of smal booked det sof this tamp which not wis stending yudenioussas reeakquentet fice he two much disregarderd thinking that as not one of them was contractet forouh any malignacy but on the condery froman onesty of mind and dhe margocundity of umer ther would olle of tham becrosstountin cos
	layer_6: to speak the truth he had wantanly envolfed himself in a martidute of small book deds of this tam which not wih standing yegeniousas frequentat fice he too much disry garderd thinking that as not one of them was contracted threugh any malignescy but on the condry from an honesty of mind and he mer joccundity of humar they would all o them becrossd ount in cose
	layer_8: to speak the truth he had watenly involved himself in a multitude of small book deats of this  tam which notwihstanding ugenius as frequentaed fice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the condry from an honesty of mind and ha mere jucundity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_10: to speak the truth he had wantenly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding yugeniusas frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and ha mere jucundity of humor they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_12: to speak the truth he had wantenly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding ugeniusas frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and he mere jucundity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in couse

file: 2506-169427-0003.flac
expected: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or other he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost mite
	layer_2: u genhis woud nevrt mittis ind t wouldofen tell hhim se t wonm day o rols hoe would setenlty be recontowise and t yhi woaldoffrn ard in an accent of suro ful aprehantion jisa atem mosd bit
	layer_4: yu den is would neveer d mitirs and would ofen tel him she t wone day a rosa he would satenly be reconto wis and e would ofern ard in an axent of soro ful apprehantion hot a ater mostd biht
	layer_6: yu denis would neverdmit this and would oftentell him that one day ar roser he would satinly be reckoneto wis and he would often ad in an axent of soroful apehansion tothe atermost bit
	layer_8: eugenis would never admit this and would often tell him that one day o roza he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to th uter most byit
	layer_10: ugenus would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or roza he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uter most bit
	layer_12: uginius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or roza he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the utter most bit

file: 2506-169427-0004.flac
expected: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_2: whitlt in coin yu geniuse t his a samerepaniin as is follos
	layer_4: what in clined u dnusdt his tassame rpanion as as folos
	layer_6: what inclined ugenusd tohihs the same openion was as follows
	layer_8: what inclined hugenius to hs the same opinion was as follows
	layer_10: what inclined heugenius tois the same opinion was as follows
	layer_12: what inclined eugenius tois the same opinion was as follows

file: 2506-169427-0005.flac
expected: yorick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed them and never opened them more
	layer_2: yoorac fuloge huginis was asis to sido esenclost shem an tanevr oprenm thm mor
	layer_4: youryc folloge hou ginis was is ised to the tol isenclosto sthem an tanever openm themmor
	layer_6: yourik followge ugnes was es iyced to tha doal he s enclose to them and enever oped them mor
	layer_8: yourik followd ugenus was his eese to the doo he tenclosed to them and onever opened them more
	layer_10: yrick followed ugenus was his eyes to the door he then closed to them and enever opened them more
	layer_12: yorick followed ugenus was his eyes to the door he then closed t them and o never opened them more

file: 2506-169427-0006.flac
expected: alas poor yorick
	layer_2: alas po yorik
	layer_4: alause po youri
	layer_6: alaus po yuric
	layer_8: alas poyoric
	layer_10: alas pooric
	layer_12: alas pooric

file: 4570-14911-0000.flac
expected: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_2: neve the less ingenal parncs the hariur and the fo sounder vryg licha lik the one ov ius distintion being ghat of sis
	layer_4: neve the les ingeneral oparence the harrier and the foksound eovramlech alike the one oious distinction being thaut of siys
	layer_6: never the less in general apparence the herier and the fox'shound o ery much a like the one ovious distinction being that of sis
	layer_8: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound ar very much a like the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_10: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the fox hound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_12: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the fox hound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size

file: 4570-14911-0001.flac
expected: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_2: if yo oto huntr hariorson floitt sixten incess quite bigyunof ommas to bic d ron wi but if you ar riding tothem toning antes as a yus fl hight or even nlight tinintees
	layer_4: if you want to hunteur harriur s on floot sixten inces es quite bigunough almos to bicg do run wit but if you ar ritingito them twenning entes as a ouseful hight or even lnight tenanges
	layer_6: if you want to huncher haryers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost to bicg dto run with but if you are riding to them twenty unches as a useful hight or even ninhten anges
	layer_8: if you want to hunt er harers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are wriding to them twenty unches is a useful height or even nineteen iches
	layer_10: if you want to hunt yor harers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_12: if you want to hunt your harers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too bigg to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches

file: 4570-14911-0002.flac
expected: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_2: it isusls to li douniny hardinfash reule ast colle tit is somuch a matter of inte viul tast
	layer_4: it isusles to li down iny hardnfashd rel ast coller it is somuch a matter of individual tast
	layer_6: it is useless to lige down any hard in fasht rul ast collor it is so much a matter of individual tast
	layer_8: it is useless to li down any hard and fashtd rul asto color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_10: it is useless to ly down any hard and fashed rul as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_12: it is useless to ly down any hard and fashed rul as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste

file: 4570-14911-0003.flac
expected: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be kept and reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_2: but pupesr use ly sendouto wok and ma sly be prceard to becaptonreared untl theire ol tenoufto beinterd to their work
	layer_4: but popiesar usely sent out to wolk and ma asly be peroceared to be capten reared untill their odnoufh to beindered to their work
	layer_6: but pupies are usealy sent out to walk and may easly be procured to be captaan reared untill their old enough to be intered to their work
	layer_8: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they r old enough to be intered to their work
	layer_10: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be intered to their work
	layer_12: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be intered to their work

file: 4570-14911-0004.flac
expected: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_2: e as of corcs finer but with thee bink th of necko perfic ind the biger hon bottl shlllers of the same patern and they toacol pqortders an scanls
	layer_4: he as of cors finer but with thete linkth of necso perfict in the biger houn loittle shoulders of the saime pattern and the tiicol quarders and secon tloies
	layer_6: e as of course fliner but with thet length of neck so perfect in the biger houn leittle shoulders of the same pattern and the tipical quarters and secon thies
	layer_8: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the biger hownd the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies
	layer_10: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thaies
	layer_12: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies

file: 4570-14911-0005.flac
expected: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_2: and wen heis farly on a line of or s e stix toit as the saing ers like a begl
	layer_4: and when heis farly on aline of corc e sticxt to it as the syng is like abegal
	layer_6: and when he is fairly on a line of course he stick to it as the saing is like a begal
	layer_8: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the sang is like a begol
	layer_10: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a begl
	layer_12: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a begal

file: 4570-14911-0006.flac
expected: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_2: it is quit posible their for that tho begle was croshd oith te welh sothern ore otter hound to getmore sies andpowr as ter suot tiy was a welsh ruf coutied bel of god itenintes and an omas at deniclcantimpery that was cald the essecxs be
	layer_4: it is quip possible theirfor that the begl was crosst with te welsh sothern or outterhound to getp more seyese and power as ther suntly was ai welsh rufh coted beale of god aighten inces and an amos tat denicl contimpery that was calld the essex beagal
	layer_6: it is quite possible therefore that the begle was crosset with the welsh sothern or outterhound to get more sise and power as ther cerntanly was a wels rugh coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost at denical contemperary that was called the essexts beagal
	layer_8: it is quite possible therefore that the begle was crossed with the wellsh suthern or oterhound to get more size and power as there certanly was a welsh rough coaded begle of good eighteen inches and an almost atdentical contempeorary that was called the essex buagl
	layer_10: it is quite possible therefore that the beegle was crossed with the welsh southern or aterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beegle of good eighteen inches and an almost adentical contemporary that was called the essex begl
	layer_12: it is quite possible therefore that the beegle was crossed with the welsh southern or aterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beegle of good eighteen inches and an almost adentical contemporary that was called the essex bagl

file: 4570-14911-0007.flac
expected: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagle association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_2: that a grakt min of they tr or wor brad becan gvery manufst as sonnens the hariur ambigel e so sations frm and mor preticilly wen a section ofd the petr berl houn sho was reser forto
	layer_4: that agreate miny ouf the trew or were bread becaime very manifest as sunas the hariur am biegale e sosation was form and mwore prticully wen ai section of the peter berl howunsho was reserd forthet
	layer_6: that a great many of the tre or were bread became very manifect as soon as the harier andbigal as sociation was form and more pertically when a esection of the peter birl hown show was reserved for ther
	layer_8: that a great many of the true ordrer were bread became very manifest as soon as the harrier am bigal essociation was forme and more particully when a es section of the peterburl howndshow was reserved for the
	layer_10: that a great many of the true order were bread became very manifest as soon as the herier an bigal association was formd and more particulaly when asection of the peterburg hounshow was reserved for the
	layer_12: that a great many of the true order were bread became very manifest as soon as the herrier am bigal association was formd and more particularly when a section of the peterburough hownshow was reserved for the

file: 4570-14911-0008.flac
expected: then they seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_2: then ty seme bes rincomevrypar o the cuntry
	layer_4: then tey seeme tesrin cromeverypard of the contry
	layer_6: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_8: then i seeme to spring from every part of the country
	layer_10: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_12: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country

file: 4570-14911-0009.flac
expected: one hears now of the chauston the halstead place very noted indeed the hulton the leigh park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus g w hilliard's missus price's and missus turner's
	layer_2: on hers now of the chostom the houst ad plis vari knotedin ed the halton the le parthe stok plce the etn br the i srbeton the tronity foit the wouod da misis e dua hiliars nisis prises anmiss tarnrs
	layer_4: one hers now of the chostom the houst ad plas very noted in ded the holton the le park the stooke place the et inberk the is seurbiton the trinit y foit the wood dayle misis eu du ia hilliears is is prices anmisis turners
	layer_6: one hears now of the chostom the housted plas very noted indeed the whalton the lea park the stoke place the atin birk the i serbiton the trenity foot the wood dal misus uduia hilliars misus prices and misus turners
	layer_8: one hears now of the chostom the houstad place very noted indeed the whalton the lea park the stoke place the edinburg the sserbiton the trenity foot the wooddal missusudevia hilliars missus prices and missus terners
	layer_10: one hears now of the chostom the house ad place very noted indeed the halton the lepark the stoke place the edinburg the serbaton the trinit foot the wooddal missus uduvia hillears missus prices and missus terners
	layer_12: one hears now of the chostom the house ad place very noted indeed the halton the le park the stoke place the edinburg the serviton the trinity foot the wooddal missus udevia hillears missus prices and missus terners

file: 4570-14911-0010.flac
expected: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_2: s row dar casl or hasl noht depsat norbolge anwt thy miowdhexpretion
	layer_4: is broun dar casal or hasl not deep seat nor bolgy and witha mild expression
	layer_6: eyes brown dart cazal hor hazal not deep sat nor bolgy and with a miled expression
	layer_8: yes brown dark cazel or hazel not deep sat nor bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_10: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor boulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_12: yes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bolgy and with a mild expression

file: 4570-14911-0011.flac
expected: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_2: ers long set own low fin in textur and thanging an a reactful fold cos to the chhe
	layer_4: ears long set on low fin intecxture and t hanging in agracsful fold close to the che
	layer_6: ears long set on low fine in texture and  hanging in a gracful fold close to the chee
	layer_8: ears long set on low fine intexture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_10: ears long set on low fine intexture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_12: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek

file: 4570-14911-0012.flac
expected: neck moderately long slightly arched the throat showing some dewlap
	layer_2: nemotert ly long slily archc thet throt choing som do la
	layer_4: nec  mottertly long slily arced he throae shoing som dula
	layer_6: neck moteratly long sligly arched the throat showing some dolau
	layer_8: neck moderatly long slighly arched the throat showing some dola
	layer_10: neck  moderately long slighly arched the throat showing some dulap
	layer_12: neck  moderately long slighly arched the throat showing some dulap

file: 4570-14911-0013.flac
expected: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_2: shallders len and slitly sloping
	layer_4: sholders clen and slagtely sloping
	layer_6: shoulders gleam and slightly sloping
	layer_8: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_10: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_12: shoulders clean and slightly sloping

file: 4570-14911-0014.flac
expected: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_2: for les pichtret fwil unde the do af goidt substncs and round in the bvm
	layer_4: fore lgxs pitestret fwell undeor the dog af good substance and round in the bom
	layer_6: forlgs pite streat well under the dog of good substance and round in the bon
	layer_8: for legs pite street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bon
	layer_10: fore legs quite striht well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_12: fore legs quite streit well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone

file: 4570-14911-0015.flac
expected: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_2: ee round well nucledut and strong ly padet
	layer_4: fe round well nucledup and strongly padet
	layer_6: feet round well nuckled up and strongly pattid
	layer_8: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_10: feet round well knuckled up and strongly pattded
	layer_12: feet round well knuckled up and strongly patted

file: 4570-14911-0016.flac
expected: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_2: cot smo veridy smoh bery des and noc to fine or short
	layer_4: cot smovveridy smoth bery deants and not two fline or short
	layer_6: cot smovhvriety smooth bery dants and not to fine or short
	layer_8: coat smooth variety smooth very dance and not to fine or short
	layer_10: coat smooth variety smooth very dance and not too fine or short
	layer_12: coat smooth variety smooth very dance and not too fine or short

file: 4570-14911-0017.flac
expected: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_2: hit notexeeding sixtenantces
	layer_4: hight not ecceating sixteen anceds
	layer_6: hight not exceeding sixteen enchurds
	layer_8: hight not exceeding sixteen inchers
	layer_10: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_12: height not exceeding sixteen inches

file: 4570-24733-0000.flac
expected: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_2: allthings wiche follo from the apsiloutnnaturr ove iny atur but of gud must allws exist an be infint or an other worts car e dharl an infinit thrt the sad atrb
	layer_4: althings which follow from the apsilutinnatur of any atr bute of god must allways exist and be infenit or an other words ar eaturnal and infenit throue the said atrbeu
	layer_6: allthings which follow from the absolutin nature of any atribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words ar eternel and infinite through thes said attribute
	layer_8: all things which follow from the absolute in nature of any atribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_10: all things which follow from the absolute i nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_12: all things which follow from the absolute i nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute

file: 4570-24733-0001.flac
expected: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_2: proconce ifit beposibl suposing the profsition to be denid that the sumthing in som atr eut of gakand fall front absalutd natur oe thesad aterbe and tat athasame time it is finiht andhas a colnditiond existancs orderration for insancsthe idy of god xprest ind te atr beut t
	layer_4: pro conceve ifit beposibale suposing the proposition to be denide that the something in som atrbeut of go can follow from thy absilut nature of the said atrbeut and that iat the same time it is finight and has a conditiond existance or deration for instance the idy of god exprest in the atrbaut fhougt
	layer_6: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denid that the something in some aterbute of go can follow from the absolute nature of these said atrbute and that at the same time it is finight and has a conditiond existance or diration for instance the idea of god expressed in the atrabute thought
	layer_8: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that the something in some atribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said atributeand that at the same time it is finihte and has a conditiond existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_10: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that t something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these sad attributesand that at the same time it is finit and has a conditiond existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_12: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attributeand that at the same time it is finit and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought

file: 4570-24733-0002.flac
expected: in its nature infinite
	layer_2: in id snatur an foet
	layer_4: in its nature infonet
	layer_6: in its nature infinet
	layer_8: in its nature infinite
	layer_10: in its nature infinite
	layer_12: in its nature infinite

file: 4570-24733-0003.flac
expected: must necessarily exist
	layer_2: moust neseserly ixist
	layer_4: must nescesarily exist
	layer_6: must necessarily exist
	layer_8: must necessarily exist
	layer_10: must necessarily exist
	layer_12: must necessarily exist

file: 4570-24733-0004.flac
expected: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_2: we hiv na grated theire for uht noht cosrtouting the idy of gud and aqoring wy the idi of gou des not natrly follo fromits natur insol far as it s avesolt thot foritiis conseg as cositoting and hallso as not cosstotding the idy of got which is aginstor hapothss
	layer_4: we have now grated ther fore hought not cosetuding the idy of god and acourtingly the idia of god dos not natrally follo fromits nature insol far as it s absilutougt fore itiis concsevede as cosituding and also as not costoding the idea of got which is againstor hap othicis
	layer_6: we have now grated therefore thought not conscituting the idea of god and accortingly the idea of god does not naturally follow fro its nature inso far as it s absolute thought for itiis conceived as consituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hapothicis
	layer_8: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature inso far as it s absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hapothisis
	layer_10: we have now grantted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature inso far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against or hypothesis
	layer_12: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature inso far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis

file: 4570-24733-0005.flac
expected: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we supposed that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_2: and be own the lemits of the dereation of the idyof god suposin de latter at somtim not to hibixistid or not to beging to exists fhoht wood perforshe hav existid with out the idy of god which us contr tar hapotheses for we suppos that foagt ben given the ide of goud ness searly lod their from
	layer_4: and beon the limits of the direation of the idie of god supposing te latter at some time not to hav existed or not to be going to exist thought woold perforse havbe existed with out the idya of god which is contry to ar hup otheces for weacsupos that fhought being given the idy of godness sarly flod ther from
	layer_6: and bey on the limits of the diration of the idea of god supposing the latter at sometime not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce havbe existed with out the idea of god which is contry to our hupothicis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of godenes sarly flowd ther from
	layer_8: and beyon the limits of the diration of the idea of god supposing the latter at sometime not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contry to our hapothosis four we suppose that thought being given the idea of god nesesarely flowed ther from
	layer_10: and beyond the limits of the duiration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to aur hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god nessarily flowed there from
	layer_12: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to aur hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god nesessarily flowed therefrom

file: 4570-24733-0006.flac
expected: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_2: bearn min that the same proposition ma be of farmd of nting witchin iny atr bude nascearely folose fromgods absl natur
	layer_4: berin mind that the same broposition may be of firmed of antthing wich in any atrbute nessecarly followse from gods abpsilu nature
	layer_6: bearin mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any atribute necessarily follows from gods absolutenature
	layer_8: bearin mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_10: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_12: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature

file: 4570-24733-0007.flac
expected: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things essendi rerum
	layer_2: corler hancsit pfolose that god eis not oly the cas of things comming intoexistencs bet asl of theircontinuwin in existos thadtyis inscallaste frasalligy god is cas of the being of things as sendy rerome
	layer_4: courelary hancs it followse that god eis not only the caus of things coming into existence but aso of their continuing in existencs thatiis ins calastic frasealiagy god is caws of the being of things as sindy rerrum
	layer_6: corlary hance it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that iis ins colastic frasioligy god is caus of the being of things as cindy reram
	layer_8: corlary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins colastic phraziology god is cause of the being of things as cindi reram
	layer_10: corilary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins cholastic phrasiology god is cause of the being of things as cindi reram
	layer_12: coralary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins cholastic phrasiology god is cause of the being of things as sindi reram

file: 4570-24733-0008.flac
expected: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_2: corerlery inde vigual things ar nothing but motfications of the atrbets of god hore mods bi which the atrbeuts of god arexprest iny fixt an defanat maner
	layer_4: courallary individal things ar nothing but mot ofications of the atrbutes of god or modes by which the atrbutes of god ar exprest ine fixt and definat manner
	layer_6: corelary intividual things are nothing but motifications of the atributs of god or modes by which the atributes of god aure expressed in a fixtd and definate manner
	layer_8: corilary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the atributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_10: corolary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_12: coralary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner

file: 4570-56594-0000.flac
expected: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_2: sigh  co such a tam you naverdidsy
	layer_4: sc o co such a tim youneverdad sy
	layer_6: such ocor such a tim you neverdadsy
	layer_8: such a co such a time you never did see
	layer_10: such a co such a time you never did see
	layer_12: such a co such a time you never did see

file: 4570-56594-0001.flac
expected: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiany made a break
	layer_2: ouas wition sumeboty wa givd the co ersation u star wan in eany mitabrak
	layer_4: ouas wistion somebody wu gief the comndversation a start wan in tiany mate brake
	layer_6: is wishin somebody would give the conversation a start wan indti any ma e a break
	layer_8: i s wishin somebody would give the conversation a start whin indianny made a break
	layer_10: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indianni made a break
	layer_12: i was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indianni made a break

file: 4570-56594-0002.flac
expected: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_2: theisa knograt stot cuntr sais hee to the l jenanmon with the can
	layer_4: this aght kno greate stot cuntre sas he to the ol jenlman with the kain
	layer_6: this at kno great stock country says he to the old genleman with the cain
	layer_8: this ait no great stok country says he to the old gentleman with the can
	layer_10: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the kan
	layer_12: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the kan

file: 4570-56594-0003.flac
expected: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_2: no sar sis the l gotm
	layer_4: no seir sas the ol ganlme
	layer_6: no sir says the old gentlmen
	layer_8: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_10: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_12: no sir says the old gentleman

file: 4570-56594-0004.flac
expected: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_2: thers ver  little grasing her and the rages prty moch worou
	layer_4: thers very little grasing here and the rages prtty much ware ou
	layer_6: thereis very little grazin here and the range es pretty much were out
	layer_8: there is very little grazin here and the range is pretty much wre out
	layer_10: there is very little grazin here and the range is pretty much wre out
	layer_12: there 's very little grazin here and the range is pretty much wore out

file: 4570-56594-0005.flac
expected: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_2: the yong laty smiow therva and the oal laty snaptr as in loxsad ws a the spekr
	layer_4: the yung lady smiu throuer val and the old laty snapter esn looxcod ways adt the speacur
	layer_6: the young lady smiled throug r vale and the old lady snapedter eyesan looke sideways at the speeaker
	layer_8: the young lady smiled throughe vale and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_10: the young lady smiled throgh her vel and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_12: the young lady smiled through her vel and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker

file: 4570-56594-0006.flac
expected: i'm gwine down to orleans to see if i can't git a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys what's been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_2: an wind doad oarlins teseufakanct yat contract out of onkle sem to fed the bos ats bin li in thim in frnal mexcons so ba
	layer_4: and wined out arlingins to see ificanct git contract out of uncl sam to fed the bois ats been liockin thim in frornl mexkon so bai
	layer_6: inm wind oun to ar lens to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle saam to feed the boys ancs been lickin them in fronal mexcon so bad
	layer_8: i'm window to our lens to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sm to feed the boys once ben lioking them infernal mexcans so bad
	layer_10: i'm wind own to our leeans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once ben licking them infernal mexicins so bad
	layer_12: i'm wind down to our leens to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once ben licking them infernal mexicans so bad

file: 4570-56594-0007.flac
expected: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_2: overid some acouns of the batl sas te oll jentlmen tha didn i o very lattering a cout of the cound ukdo someef artrops
	layer_4: av red some acounce of the battl sas the ol jettlemen that didn't yuv a very flattering a cout of the conduckd o some o ar trups
	layer_6: i red some accountce of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't yuve a very flattering a cout of the conducdo some of our troops
	layer_8: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentlemen that didn't give a very flattering a cout of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_10: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_12: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentlemen that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops

file: 4570-56594-0008.flac
expected: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twistin and groanin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_2: thelbreeaturlisin doim with evit ent sans o displasr to istin in ronin diley couodnstandit nolonger
	layer_4: the l preatur lisin toim with evident sins of dis plasur to isten ingron in deilly couldn stand it no longer
	layer_6: the ol prahur lison to him with avident sins of dis plasure twisten and grown in tallhe couldn' stand it no longer
	layer_8: the old preacher listened to him with evident sins of displeasure twisten and grownan till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_10: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twistend and grown in till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_12: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisten and grown in till he couldn't stand it no longer

file: 4570-56594-0009.flac
expected: he shut his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_2: he suud is mowth rat in thmattl of wt y  san and lookkatu pratur whillis fa sgotsread asfar
	layer_4: he shuld his mouth rat in the meittle of wady wa saan and looke at pe preature whillis fase got sraid asfire
	layer_6: he should his mouth right in the midle of what he was sayen and looked at the prachure while his face got rs rid as fire
	layer_8: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got s rid as fire
	layer_10: he shouod his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got s red as fire
	layer_12: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire

file: 4570-56594-0010.flac
expected: swearin says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it nohow
	layer_2: swaring sas thel preatur is a terble bat prect s and ther in no ysin it no how
	layer_4: swering sas the ol preature is a terable bad prect as and there aingt know yuse in it no how
	layer_6: swaring says the ol prachure is at terible bad practdus and there aint kno use in it kno how
	layer_8: swaring says the old preacher is a terrible bad practs and there ain't no use in it know how
	layer_10: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it know how
	layer_12: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it know how

file: 4570-56594-0011.flac
expected: umphs but indiany kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_2: ts but in eany gepshead e apered do be cou dw
	layer_4: ts but n the any cep shady he appeared to be cowd do
	layer_6: ots but in the any kep shady he appeared to be cowd dow
	layer_8: oots but in ti anni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_10: oots but indianni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_12: oots but indianni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down

file: 4570-56594-0012.flac
expected: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosier listened without ever opening his head
	layer_2: yl genlman with the cann tocapardin the combrsation and the hsurlison withotever oen i is had
	layer_4: yol genlemen with the can tooc apard in the combersation and the whosurlison whiththad ever open in his hd
	layer_6: the old genleman with the can took apard in the conversation and the whosur listene withot ever opeene in his head
	layer_8: the old gentleman with the kane took a part in the conversation and the whuser listened without ever open in his head
	layer_10: the old gentleman with the kane took a part in the conversation and the husjer listened without ever opening his head
	layer_12: the old gentleman with the kane took a part in the conversation and the hujer listened without ever opening his head

file: 4570-56594-0013.flac
expected: he was at sodom and gomorrow and seen the place whar lot's wife fell ah
	layer_2: he was at sot amengo morow and sen the plase  war lotc wha fhi
	layer_4: he was at sot amenga morow and seen the place war lots wath fil a
	layer_6: he was at sotamenga morow and seen the place ware lot's wath fill a
	layer_8: he was at satam engamorro and seen the place wr lot's wath fill ah
	layer_10: he was at satamengamoro and seeing the place wr lots wi fill ah
	layer_12: he was at satamengamorro and seein the place war lots wa fil ah

file: 4570-56594-0014.flac
expected: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_2: ya sis the preatur he wit to the veriy sbot and wasthora makablis thing abl he sn thepileir of sall wat she ws turd int
	layer_4: yi sas the preature he weit to the very spot and wasteremakables thing of al he seenme the pilar of sal whath she was turrnd in to
	layer_6: ye says the preachure he went to the very spot and was tho remarkabless thing of all he seem the pillor of sal what she was tured into
	layer_8: ye says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkables thing of all he seen the piller of sault what she was turned into
	layer_10: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned in to
	layer_12: yes ays the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into

file: 4570-56594-0015.flac
expected: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_2: ye ser he sen theslstand in thar to tis da
	layer_4: yes ser heseen the saltstand and thar to thisday
	layer_6: yes sir he seen the sout stand in thar to this day
	layer_8: yes sir he seen the sat standin thar to this day
	layer_10: yes sir he' seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_12: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day

file: 4570-56594-0016.flac
expected: what says the hoosier real genewine good salt
	layer_2: wut sais thusour reol gen awn got st
	layer_4: what sas  whosur reul gen awin god sat
	layer_6: what says th hosure rel genawine good saft
	layer_8: what says e huser rel genwine good soft
	layer_10: what says the huzer rel jenwine good soft
	layer_12: what says the huser rel jenowine good soft

file: 4570-56594-0017.flac
expected: yes sir a pillar of salt jest as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_2: yi ser apilero sal jst is it ws wi nat wiki olon was ponised for heardeiso beds
	layer_4: yes ser apiller ovf sal juist is it was witn that wik ed women was ponished for her das o bedis
	layer_6: yes sir a piller of sault jist as it was wen that weked woman was punished for her dasobeedis
	layer_8: yes sir a piller of salt just as it was when that wiked woman was punished for her di's obedince
	layer_10: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that wiked woman was punished for her dis obedience
	layer_12: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedience

file: 4570-56594-0018.flac
expected: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_2: rihd out in the open are hease
	layer_4: rihd out in the open ar hast
	layer_6: right out in the open air he ased
	layer_8: riht out in the open air he asked
	layer_10: ridt out in the open air he asked
	layer_12: ridt out in the open air he asked

file: 4570-102353-0000.flac
expected: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_2: we had thein but little of that myint ant akur nollegjo the intur  the cot init wit was recqwasit forta turmanation ofth probl
	layer_4: we had thinbut little of that my nunt and acur nowleage of the intuiure o the cot an it wich wase reckwas it for teturmination of the proble
	layer_6: we had then but little of that mi nuwt and accurat nowlage of the intuiure ofthe countinit which was rekquwasit for tdetermination of the probl
	layer_8: we had dheen but little of that mint and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continete which was requisite for determination of the proble
	layer_10: we had been but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_12: we had been but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem

file: 4570-102353-0001.flac
expected: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_2: saerall deifor partis oer theirfor orenase to exam on the various routs supose to be practicabl wivth in te nore than anseothenglimitcs o t nad stats
	layer_4: saveral deirefort pardis we theirefore or genise to examon the verious route supposedto be praccicable with in the nor than ean sethernlymits o te nod stats
	layer_6: several deiffeorit parties were therefor orginise to examined the various routs suppose to be practickable with in the nor than end sothern limits of thenited states
	layer_8: several differet parties were therefore organized to examine the varioust routs suppose to be practicable with in the northern and southern limits of theunied states
	layer_10: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable with in the northern end southern limits of the united states
	layer_12: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable with in the northern end southern limits of the united states

file: 4570-102353-0002.flac
expected: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_2: the onling discimnation mad was in the more prop andther e quitment of the partis for th extrme noar thon lin and this was only becase that wa suposed to beve themoset ifvacalt of ex ution of lall th servas
	layer_4: the onli discrimianation matd was in the mor propt and thoral iquitment of the parties fore the extram northen lin nd this was only becaus that was suppose to bet themosedivicullt of excution of all the cervas
	layer_6: the only discrimination made was in the more propt and thorow equitment of the parities for the extramed northun lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the survas
	layer_8: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorowh equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surves
	layer_10: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_12: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys

file: 4570-102353-0003.flac
expected: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsequently led to the use of a coarser grain for artillery
	layer_2: anqularris were mad with regar to gon pour wge sebesquentnly lad to th uso a corser rain fore ar tillry
	layer_4: n quris were made with regard do gon pour wege sib squently laid to the use of a courceer rain for artillery
	layer_6: inquiaries were made with regard to guon powter whicgh sub squently led to the use of a courceer rain for our tellery
	layer_8: inquiries were made with regard to gun power which subsquently led to the use of a coarser raing for aurtellery
	layer_10: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser rain for aurtillery
	layer_12: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser rain for aurtillery

file: 4570-102353-0004.flac
expected: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_2: the ofsers of thes ragumints wrechoson party base a lection from thos al raty in serbvess in the rag ofther ormy hampartly bibontnet fromsivel l
	layer_4: the oficers of these rageements werehoson partly boss the lection from those alredy inscervos in the regof ther army am partly b  point nat fromsivl la
	layer_6: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly bi s te lection from those already in cervose in the regular army amd partly by a pointnece from cival li
	layer_8: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil lie
	layer_10: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil lie
	layer_12: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil lie

file: 4570-102353-0005.flac
expected: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_2: inder instructiontron the prasnint the lheyis was theire forre vst and mot oafd hin acorens wit this new el at o gyou qrafcal thister bution
	layer_4: under in structions ero the prasnen the lest was theireforreveysed an mot ofide  in accourncs with the is new ellimet of j ou crafcal disterbution
	layer_6: under instructions from the presdent the list was therefore revized and motified in accorance with this new element of decrafical distribution
	layer_8: under instructions from the president the liist was therefore revized and motified in accordance with this new element of gocraphical distribution
	layer_10: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revized and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_12: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revized and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution

file: 4570-102353-0006.flac
expected: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_2: atersomefrther tiscesion of the question thof histers with dr do satis fied withther reslt of the inervu
	layer_4: atersomeforther discusion of the question te visders with dre desatis fid with the result ow the interveu
	layer_6: aftersome further discussion of the question the visdurs with drew dissatisfied with the result of the inerview
	layer_8: after some further discussion of the question the visigors withdrew disatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_10: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew disatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_12: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew disatisfied with the result of the interview

file: 4570-102353-0007.flac
expected: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_2: the qort emast r genal on hering of this coorsition hation to an fore me t adit was all on mhe stak aft the apot to the ofrsad been confounded with his fother tho was iy well nown wg but that he the son whas ad dimecreat
	layer_4: the quartermastrgeneral on hearing of this conmversation hactient to an fore me that it was all in mhe stak ant the appotye to the offishad been confounded with his father tho was i well knowne wig but that he the son was a demercret
	layer_6: the quoartermastr general on hearing of this conversation hasenet to enfor me that it was all am ma stake ant the appotye to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well knowne wig but that he the son was a demecrat
	layer_8: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake at the appoin to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_10: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake ant the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_12: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake ant the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat

file: 4570-102353-0008.flac
expected: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_2: i  surd de genral at this was all together him ateril ading thadt it was i very prite uorl is it stod an thet i had no a eir to a act ay suttlmt o it oon iny in fer your hitou
	layer_4: i as sured the general at this was all tho gether him aterial adding that hit was aivery prety quarl is it stood an that i had no adesire to affect a settlemet of it on iny infur your itou
	layer_6: i assured the general at this was all together him aterial adding that it was a very pretty quaral as it stood and that i had no a desire to affect a settlement of it oon any in furiour issyu
	layer_8: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarel as it stoood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any in furiour issu
	layer_10: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_12: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to affect a settlement of it on any inferior issue

file: 1650-157641-0000.flac
expected: the social attitude towards smoking in early victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_2: the sotal at too  tor s malking  aurded bictorin thase an for sometme lather was crdios
	layer_4: the soucial at to towers molking  ardi bictorien dayce and for some time later was curious
	layer_6: the colcial atity tolwarsmolkingardibictorian dase and for some time later was curiaus
	layer_8: the social atituo towersmolking arty victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_10: the social atitude ower smolking ie arly victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_12: the social atitude ower smolking e erly victorian days and for some time later was curious

file: 1650-157641-0001.flac
expected: now missus quilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_2: nhow mis eis crep  sis ifaiin as morky hemer and sha prubbly blayse a way al nihts
	layer_4: now miss eis crep he  sis i filion as mokyn hemer and sha proubly blayse a way oul night
	layer_6: now misseus crelp he s says i felienus moking hemer and shal probly blaye a way i' night
	layer_8: now missus crp he says i feel yin asmoking hmer and shall probaly blaye away ill night
	layer_10: now missus cep he says i feel yin a smoking humor and shall probably blayze away all night
	layer_12: now missus crep he says i feel in a smoking humor and shall probably blayze away all night

file: 1650-157641-0002.flac
expected: but sit where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_2: but seie te wer you ar if f epulice thin case af ountn
	layer_4: but e seet o wherd you ar if iouplece incace a wonto
	layer_6: but th seetof where you are if you police in case it waln t yo
	layer_8: but the sea of wher you are if you polace in case i wolnt you
	layer_10: but the seat o wher you are if you'r polace in case ive wond you
	layer_12: but the seat o whery you are if you'r polase in case i'v wand you

file: 1650-157641-0003.flac
expected: the dwarf's tastes however were catholic
	layer_2: the br cace hay er we caollit
	layer_4: the doorf stace howiver were caplit
	layer_6: the dorfstace however wier capolit
	layer_8: the darf's taste however will capol it
	layer_10: the darf's tastes however will capolit
	layer_12: the dwarf's taste however will capolit

file: 1650-157641-0004.flac
expected: but quilp and brass were not in society
	layer_2: buts crip en bras whe nowtheislsiat
	layer_4: but crel pen bras when nawthiencsilsiat
	layer_6: but crepand brass whe now dhinsalsiety
	layer_8: but cre op and brass were now th insociety
	layer_10: but creeopend brass were now t in society
	layer_12: but creeopend brass were nowl the in society

file: 1650-157641-0005.flac
expected: there were still plenty of active opponents and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_2: thei wa st fene o ac thi oponasand the nosersef to bacl
	layer_4: theye wastpfleny a facktyve auponas and the nosers of to bacl
	layer_6: they was stop leny o factivealponas and thenonsers of tobacko
	layer_8: the was steplenyof fact o alponis and denoncers of tobacco
	layer_10: there was st plenty of factie aponis and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_12: there was sti plenty of fact iv aponis and denouncers of tobacco

file: 1650-157641-0006.flac
expected: one of the most distinguished was the great duke of wellington who abominated smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_2: on nop the molsto thistingisto was tha gred thew cof watingtha who a bommen ansmocin andthe wast n tite by bin coresel s e garsemoking a mo all fisers elft ty arm
	layer_4: one nof the mols if thistingristowas the grid theucaof weadingten who a boman ansmolking ande wastn wite by tin creselfsegarset moking amon alfisers elf the arme
	layer_6: one oh the most aft thistinguisto was the grit teolcof raington who aboman and smoking and was ta nwitd by tein creself egars moking amon opicerself the army
	layer_8: one of the most of distinguied t was the grat dilkof walington who abomin and smoking and was annoied by beingcreasolf igarsmoking among oficersolf the army
	layer_10: one of the most of distinguised was the grit dikov waldington who abomined and smoking and was annoyed by be in cras of igarsmoking among officers of the army
	layer_12: one of the mostof distinguished was the grit dikov waldington whoabomined and smoking and was annoyed by be in cras of zigarsmoking among officers of the army

file: 1650-157641-0007.flac
expected: the ladies had a keen scent for the abominable odour of tobacco and distrusted the men who smoked
	layer_2: the latis sather ckeinsinfwour the a boumm en theivvall d worl to bacl and thet this trastet the man hwais mok
	layer_4: the latis hather kinsintfwor thabom in taveal doworl to bacale and tat thes trestet the man whos mok
	layer_6: the lades hatheir kinsant for the abowmenof all doworl to backle and that this trastit the man hos moke
	layer_8: the ladest ha their kinsan for the abawmen of all dworl tobacco and at dhistrasted the man whos moke
	layer_10: the ladiest had their kinsant for the abament of all doworl tobacco and at distrusted the man who smoked
	layer_12: the ladiest had their kinsint for the abalment of all doworl tobacco and at distrusted the man whosmoked

file: 1650-157641-0008.flac
expected: here is fitz boodle's or thackeray's comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_2: hur s fis pou thls ore thaccheris co men onet ha this ti s molcong vat ethe sholf be consetheirdi crine
	layer_4: heareis pies pouthels ore thacaris comman ouwnet shae this bis smolking bat i the sho be conseetherto crine
	layer_6: herous pisputos or thaccris command onets a tis bis smoking that i  should be consider the crin
	layer_8: hereus fistpudos or thacceris common onit atis bis smoking that it should be considered a crim
	layer_10: herisfisputos or thacores commen on it what is tis smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_12: herisfisputos or thacoris commen on it what is tis smoking that it should be considered a crime

file: 1650-157641-0009.flac
expected: i believe in my heart that women are jealous of it as of a rival
	layer_2: ie belyv ein thy hart othe wemn ha jellosovit a sop or wivld
	layer_4: i beleavein ty heart thathe wemen a gelles of it asuf  wivled
	layer_6: i believe in ty heart that he women a gellus of it as uff of wivled
	layer_8: i believe in my heart that te women a jealous of it as soawival
	layer_10: i believe in my heart that the woman are jealous of it assaf odival
	layer_12: i believe in my heart that the woman are jealous of it assafowival

file: 1650-157641-0010.flac
expected: i would lay a guinea that many a lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i am a smoker and says oh the vulgar wretch and passes on to something else
	layer_2: ive the lay a geind tha the mana lady hwas jest beincing in no to wre the afballd lns lasetom the bolp after tis chofeson of my thathime us mocer and  sise al the vagr res and he pas is ouns o seumthing euse
	layer_4: ived the lay agini thathe manu lady hwhas jest beencind ino to reat the abalf lins laysetound the bop after this confesion of mi thatimus moker and  sace o the vagu reh and e passes ouns of semthing olse
	layer_6: i ve the lay aginie that e manu lady who has just beeng kind eough to reat the abold lines lay stone the bok after this confessionogh mi that i must moker and te sae o the vogo rech and a pascess ouns of something else
	layer_8: i  delay aginie that a manu lady who has just been kind enough to reat the above lines lay ston the book after this confession ofh min that i must moker and sae oh the vagawrech and  passas ounds of something else
	layer_10: i h delay a giniy that a manulady who has just been kind enough to read the abobed lines laysdoun the bok after this confession of mine that i must mokher and esae o the vagawrech andt pass asounts of something else
	layer_12: i  delay a giniy that a manulady who has just been kind enough to read the abobe lines laysdon the bok after this confession of mine that i must mok her and e sae oh the vagawrech and pass asmounts of something else

file: 1650-157641-0011.flac
expected: germany has been puffing for three score years france smokes to a man
	layer_2: jurm manh hasbeenm cpoingforet th reas qlours fras malksto aman
	layer_4: jurmany hasbeempoving fort thr resquur ars fores molks to a maen
	layer_6: jer many has een pofing for three squr years fores mokes to a men
	layer_8: jermany has been pouffing for three square years feresmolks to a man
	layer_10: jermanny hath been poffing for three square years presmolkes to a man
	layer_12: jermanny hath been pofhing for three square years phoresmolkes to a man

file: 1650-157641-0012.flac
expected: psha look at his progress
	layer_2: show lo caet his pruges
	layer_4: sha lo kad his progus
	layer_6: sha lok at his progres
	layer_8: sha look a his progress
	layer_10: sha look at his progress
	layer_12: sha look at his progress

file: 1650-157641-0013.flac
expected: thus the odour of tobacco was not brought into the drawing room
	layer_2: thus the ol dwre oft o bacal was nout grotinto ter toiing l
	layer_4: thus the aldwre of to baclwas not grotinto ther doing ol
	layer_6: thust the adr of to backl was not brod into their joying room
	layer_8: thus the adr of tobacc was not brouh into their janing room
	layer_10: thus the adr of tobacco was not brought into their drawing room
	layer_12: thus the adoer of tobacco was not brought into their drawing room

file: 1650-157641-0014.flac
expected: the journalists and bohemians who met at the cogers were above or below the dictates of fashion and smoking was always a feature of their gatherings
	layer_2: tes turne alice and the bo e meinse wfo mat a thear coders wore abou oree telolld tha thidt pasel fasion ind  s mollginm was alics of featur out ther gatherens
	layer_4: thesturn alace and the bo hi meens fo mat a ther coders wore abad or dlold tha dig paceel fasion and smolgin was alwis offatur olf the r gatherens
	layer_6: thesturnalace and the boimeans fho mat at their coders were about or beloe the dig pasealfasion and smogan was salwaycs a fatur of ther gatherans
	layer_8: thesteurnalace and the buimens who mat at their coders were about or belowve the dig pasolf fashion and smokin was always ta feature of their gatherins
	layer_10: the ternalace and the bugimis who mat at their coagers were about or below the dig taseal fashion and smokin was always the fature of their gatherins
	layer_12: the sternalace and the bugimins who mat at their coagers were about or below the dig taseal fashion and smolkin was always the feature of ther gatherings

file: 1650-157641-0015.flac
expected: both queen victoria and the prince consort detested it so tobacco was taboo wherever the court was
	layer_2: both quem ve tor and the pris cousor the thaste he so tl bacaas tho boerever the pors
	layer_4: bouth quenm vec toria and the prins cosor the tastedte soutl bacal was oa bowirever the cortos
	layer_6: both quenvictoria and the prince consord etastedin sotl backl was to boereever the courtoarse
	layer_8: both queen victoria and the prince concort datastedit so tobacco was to bu werever the courthorse
	layer_10: both queen victoria and the prince consor detasted it so tobacco was to bu wherever the courtose
	layer_12: both queen victoria and the prince consord detasted it so tobacco was to bu wherever the courtose

file: 1650-173552-0000.flac
expected: at that very time at ten in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops on the poklonny hill looking at the panorama spread out before him
	layer_2: ad thade veryetime a tein the mordin of the sike an of s oftember  the plolliin was tening amon his ts ond te poclonn eloknge o the panther omoas greatouve befor hen
	layer_4: a that verietime a ta in the morinin of the sikennof s oftember ad he polin was naning amon his thruopse uon the poc lownin hel lokiny a the peneur amos breadtout before him
	layer_6: at that very time at te in the morning off te sigennouhsof tember and a polian was nanding among his chrops unte picloning hel lokingig other peneraman'st bradout before him
	layer_8: at that very time atein the morning of the syconoffs of tember an napolion wastanding among his troops ondher pecloning heel lokingyg athe penneramas brad out before him
	layer_10: at that very time aten in the morning of the sichon of september  napoleon was standing among his troops under paclonin heel lokingg at the penarramasspred out before him
	layer_12: at that very time atein the morning of the sicen off september  napoleon was standing among his troops under paclonin heel loking at the penarramasspread out before him

file: 1650-173552-0001.flac
expected: the brightness of the morning was magical
	layer_2: the braid in is seupf the mornyun was masecl
	layer_4: the brid in as selp the mornun was magical
	layer_6: the brighdin hiself the mornun was magical
	layer_8: the briten etself the mornian was magical
	layer_10: the briderneself the mornu was magical
	layer_12: the bridereself the mornum was magical

file: 1650-173552-0002.flac
expected: but my clemency is always ready to descend upon the vanquished
	layer_2: bu he my clamases ell was redy to the sand au paolf tef vemquicet
	layer_4: but the my clamacese alwas ready to the sand u po o vemquist
	layer_6: but hef my clamecis alwas ready to tdissend uponm evemquist
	layer_8: but of myclamecis always ready to descend upon the vamquist
	layer_10: but t myclamese is always ready to descend upon the vanquist
	layer_12: but t myclamiseis always ready to descend upon the vanquist

file: 1650-173552-0003.flac
expected: yet here she is lying at my feet with her golden domes and crosses scintillating and twinkling in the sunshine
	layer_2: yadth hers is lyy ot my fet wih ir go than domas on a crouses singlading in a twncllain the son son
	layer_4: yead her sh is lii ut my feat with har god hen domas an a crousies sinclaiding in a twincllan the susone
	layer_6: yet here she is lihig out my feet with her go den domes and a crowses sincl lating in a twincldynd the su shin
	layer_8: yet here she is liging at my feet with her goden domes and  crowses single lating an a twinkledy n the sunshine
	layer_10: yet here she is liing ut my feet with her goden doms and a crassis singlelating and a twinkldingin the sunshine
	layer_12: yet here she is liing ut my feet with her goden doms and a crossis singlelating and a twinkledingin the sunshine

file: 1650-173552-0004.flac
expected: but i shall spare her
	layer_2: bu   shels par her
	layer_4: bun i shelspare her
	layer_6: but i shal spar her
	layer_8: but i shall spare her
	layer_10: but i shall spare her
	layer_12: but i shall spare her

file: 1650-173552-0005.flac
expected: from the height of the kremlin yes there is the kremlin yes i will give them just laws i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boyars remember their conqueror with love
	layer_2: fom the hi d oufthe curamllin yis thers the qcrammli us iwu deve then jus thelos ilwartesh them the meaning of shs of al ieacon iil make tena rason seupll ears we member ther congor with hl
	layer_4: from the hid oute curamillyn yes thearise the curamilin ys i wilgeve them jus the louse i watiach them the mening of shuse of a isation i wil make ganracon s ouf bolbearse remember ther concr with lot
	layer_6: from the highd oau te qramily yes the eariest the cramilin yes i will give them just a lous i wll teach them the meaning of shusof al ization i will make generasions olf pobars remember their concor with lod
	layer_8: from the hihde oto qramily yes te uris the cramilin yes i will give them just alowse i will teach them the meaning of chucivialization i will make generations of poviars remember their conqueror with lod
	layer_10: from the highd atacramilin yes theerist te cramilin yes i will give them just alous i will teach them the meaning of ctusivilization i will make generations of bouviars remember their conqueror with lad
	layer_12: from the hide atacramilin yes tarist te cramilin yes i will give them just alous i will teach them the meaning of ce sivilization i will make generations of boviars remember their conqueror with lawd

file: 1650-173552-0006.flac
expected: i will tell the deputation that i did not and do not desire war that i have waged war only against the false policy of their court that i love and respect alexander and that in moscow i will accept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_2: ioratelbat thed ortation tha e ti nout and te now des iy wr the thie wiaged dhe wr only agest the fals pollas  of ther qort theth lal on the rspack olasender and va i moseco i lac sab turrm sl pes warth fe iof my soufen of mycepl
	layer_4: otell hat thad bwtation that i de nout and to now dis i wor thethi fwiachede wre only against the fouse pollas y of their qaurt thethi lav an the rispackalaander and thal  masicol ilecsab trmsal piecse wi thiilf my sounfan of my pepl
	layer_6: iur tell tat tha bitation that i dinout and to nout des i war that if wachd the wr only against the fouse polisy of therqourt that i love and te respackalexender and thale mosical i look saptermsol piece wirh the of my seunf and of my peple
	layer_8: i r tell that thabitation that i dinout and to nout desie war that if weched the war only against the fase policy of the reqort that i love and a respack aleander and varimasico i looksaptermsa piece worhie of myself and of my people
	layer_10: i wll tell tha thad potation that i did not and do nou desire war that ive wiched the war only against the false policy of the repcort that i love and a respact alexander and ta imasico i look sapterms of piece worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_12: i will tell the thatbotation that i did not and donou desire ware that ive wiched the war only against the false policy of the report that i love and e respac alexander and ta imasico i lok saptermsof piece worthy of myself and of my people

file: 1650-173552-0007.flac
expected: i do not wish to utilize the fortunes of war to humiliate an honored monarch
	layer_2: a te nouth reash to yutha lise the forton sel wor to ho meallaidt in ownerd amonerk
	layer_4: at to not reashd to ult halised the fort on selfwar to hou mealate in ouner d amonerk
	layer_6: at to not weache to udelize the fortunself wor to humillahte in awner the monoc
	layer_8: had do not reash to udelized the fortune of ar to camilate in honor the monarc
	layer_10: and do not reash to udilize the fortunes of war to humilate in honour the monarch
	layer_12: and do not reash to udilize the fortunes of war to humilate in honour the monarch

file: 1650-173552-0008.flac
expected: he will have to be told all the same said some gentlemen of the suite but gentlemen
	layer_2: he wul haf to be teo oll the san sai sume dend men out this wit but jent mei
	layer_4: he wial halve to be tot ol ther sain si some denti men out this wet but jgen med
	layer_6: he wil have to be toet il the sane si some dentiman ouf thes wit but gentme
	layer_8: he will have to be toe 'l the same say some gentlemen of thes whit but gentlemen
	layer_10: he will have to be tod i'll the same say some gentlemen of the s wit but gentlemen
	layer_12: he will have to be tod i'll the same say some gentlemen of thes wit but gentlemen

file: 1650-173552-0009.flac
expected: a single report of a signaling gun followed and the troops who were already spread out on different sides of moscow moved into the city through tver kaluga and dorogomilov gates
	layer_2: ta singredporduf tha sinkg noling gown  fol and the ts whowre aradis read ot ounthiffen siesof mosco nmo binto the sait to vor colol goot and thour gomeol ove gatse
	layer_4: ba singr epord ou the sinknoling gon afollown and the tros whowere aradis bread out ounthe frn aseyeseuf mosco mo beinto the sait hie tho vord colo got and thouregomolove gats
	layer_6: a singelr repord out the sink noling gono folllowd and the trofs whowere il radish brad out oun thiyfern acsieself mo'scop moebeinto the satv thovird colu gu and thour gamelove gates
	layer_8: a single report ol the sinknolinggan followed and the trofts who were i'll raddis brad out on difrentecize sof motscop moe into the sate tovird cologa an targamelof gates
	layer_10: a single report of the sinknolingan folllowed and the trohs who were all radispred out on defrinacsize south mosco move into the sati tovird caluga ad targamelav gates
	layer_12: a single report of the sinknolingan fololowed and the tros who were allraddispread out on deprinicize soth moscop move into the sati to vird cologa ad targamelav gates

file: 1650-173551-0000.flac
expected: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brought the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for a minute and that someone from bazdeev's widow had called to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's books as she herself was leaving for the country
	layer_2: hei s mateoere do mor cimin asikeon time do saytehaf he fenc mel hwhe the brouthe laer fon the coun thice was obr anshisto se hin efonly fore minits and vasume on from bes it theavesowedol h ther cow to as pear to take tharse ou her huspenspoouk ash her selffas slavin for the counsure
	layer_4: he s magure dol mo kamin nasekan time to sayde ha the fanch mew whwhe the brow the lader fom the cound hise was avereanshisto se him efonmly fore minite and tas ome wen from basit tive swedo hd ther cou to as pear to tak targe ofp her huspenspook as he herself e slaving for the countr
	layer_6: his mador domo came in a secon time to say that the fenchmalntho had the brow the letter fom the counthis was avery anches to see him efonly fore minute and thas some wen from basitdives wedo had tha cow to askpiar two take charge of her huspancs book aked se herself a slaving for the countured
	layer_8: his major domo came in a second time to say that the french man who had abrowed the letter fom the countess was very anious to see him ef only for minute and that some wen from bazadiv's wido had ha cow to ask pier to take charge of her husband's book aked he herself was slaving for the countard
	layer_10: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brouwht the letter from the countess was very anious to see him if only for minutes and that some on from bazidiv's wido had ta cow to ask piere to take charge of her husband's book asked she herself was laving for the countrad
	layer_12: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brought the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that some on from bazidiv's wido had ta cow to aske pire to take charge of her husband's book asked she herself was slaving for the countri

file: 1650-173551-0001.flac
expected: there was no one in the passage
	layer_2: there was no wgin the pasente
	layer_4: there was no wiin the passt
	layer_6: there was no wy in the passage
	layer_8: there was no wy in the passage
	layer_10: there was no ee in the passage
	layer_12: there was no wye in the passage

file: 1650-173551-0002.flac
expected: the hall porter was standing at the front door
	layer_2: the holb coser wa scaney adthe froun t
	layer_4: the heow pouser was stani i the frun tr
	layer_6: the hol porter was stanig a the frontor
	layer_8: the hol poter was standing at the front door
	layer_10: the hol porter was standing at the front door
	layer_12: the hol porter was standing at the front door

file: 1650-173551-0003.flac
expected: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase leading to the back entrance
	layer_2: fome the lan they werpursto tbher asa sicon the sarcace lingnt tof the daccangoes
	layer_4: from the laen the were parsto therwasa secon the sarcace ling twih the dback antios
	layer_6: from the landin were peur stood thear was a sucon he sar caset lingit withtha back ansiese
	layer_8: from the landinwhere pur stood dhere was a second  saircase linget with a back enghes
	layer_10: from the landing where per stood there was a second saircase linget with a back enches
	layer_12: from the landing where per stood there was a second saircase linget with a back enches

file: 1650-173551-0004.flac
expected: he went down that staircase and out into the yard no one had seen him
	layer_2: hou won don a stear casan thouthintof the yard no wa has se him
	layer_4: he woen doung thostarcacand oud into the yard no we hass se him
	layer_6: he woun't dong thous starcason  ould into the yard no on hasd see him
	layer_8: he wun't down thou staircaseand out into the yard noone has see him
	layer_10: he woon't down thou staircase and out into the yard no one had see him
	layer_12: he wount down thou staircase and out into the yard no one has see him

file: 1650-173551-0005.flac
expected: when he felt he was being looked at he behaved like an ostrich which hides its head in a bush in order not to be seen he hung his head and quickening his pace went down the street
	layer_2: whe haf fy ou tha tha hu waspeal lo ko thad hi be haeda ligalsteris wherch hitis hading tha bosio their nout o beseen he hon his had f t quriconeg his pace en dho thisturet
	layer_4: whe ha fle thathe he was sapen lo ka tad hi behaved elikge a alsteres wheich hid is had ing a botiin teir noutof be sen he hown his hadan quickonyg his pace hen don histret
	layer_6: when he fol that he was sapeing lok datd he behaved to like a alsterish which hihd is had in a potinlder nowuto be seen he houn his had an cquickening his pace wen dow the streit
	layer_8: when he feld that he was peeing lukada he behavedo like a alsterish which higheis had in a buchder now to be seen he huned his had an quickening his face went down the street
	layer_10: when he felt that he was beeing luket at he behavede like a alsterich which hidhis had ina buchder now to be seen he hund his had and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_12: when he felt that he was being lookt at he behavede like a alsterish which hidhis had in a bushoder now to be seen he hun his had and quickening his face went down the street

file: 1650-173551-0006.flac
expected: he hired the first cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriarch's ponds where the widow bazdeev's house was
	layer_2: he hare the firste cap immadin told the jivere to gotof the pacr acx pons wer the wey te basi dheve selsos
	layer_4: he har the first o cap himme in tet the jlivore togo to the patry ax ponce wer the wid tel bas deve solse os
	layer_6: he hard the first a cap himet and tot the joiver to go to the patriax ponce were the widol basdeve souse as
	layer_8: he hard the first a cap hi met and told the jiver to go to the patriaxpounse where the widow badiv'souse was
	layer_10: he hared the first a cap he met and told the diver to go to the patri ax poundse where the widow baz div's house was
	layer_12: he hared the first a cap he met and told the diver to go to the patri axpoundse where the widow baz div's house was

file: 1650-173551-0007.flac
expected: this was the authentic scotch acts with bazdeev's notes and explanations
	layer_2: bis was the l thentixscols ac with favti teive s nolsansqlennasios
	layer_4: bis was the alventixcous ac with battevesnils and sclenationce
	layer_6: this was the aventix scolls ax with bathtieve snolsan  sclanations
	layer_8: this was the alventic schalsh ax with pattiv snisandxclanations
	layer_10: this was the atphentic scolsh ax with pathtiev sknes and exclanations
	layer_12: this was the alphentic scallsh ax with pathtiv snes and exclanations

file: 1650-173551-0008.flac
expected: he sat down at the dusty writing table and having laid the manuscripts before him opened them out closed them finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand sank into meditation
	layer_2: he his sat tdae tha thuste widing table and the havea layve the man hours grybefor him opon the mal costem efino y pose them maw an he resting his hadtho his hand the senkin to mandhe casion
	layer_4: he his sait tdive the thustid witing table and the having lave the manursgribefore him open the moal cloulstom efinal y puset them a way and a resting his had ou his hand te senk in to mandicasion
	layer_6: he is satt ive thea dustid riting table and te having lave the maniousgribefore him opendthe mal clostom he finallpuosed them away and arresting his had on his heand t senkin to maication
	layer_8: he s sat teiv the dustid witing table and having laid the manuscry before him opened the mol clostom o finallypose them away and arresting his head on his hand sank him to mandication
	layer_10: he is sa the the dustid writing table and having laid the manuscrei before him opened the mouth closthem o finally pused them away and resting his head on his hand sank imto mandication
	layer_12: he is sa tav the dustid writing table and having laid the manelscrei before him opened the mouth closthem  finally pused them away and resting his head on his hand sank into mandication

file: 1650-173551-0009.flac
expected: makar alexeevich came twice that evening shuffling along in his galoshes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatingly at pierre
	layer_2: macher a lextovse caime e tice tho the ivete shoflig ala hsclaseus of s fares the do and stopes an he loke din gresa tily o the csir
	layer_4: makhera laxtofvace came utwiced that the iveny shufling alownging hisclashouss of s farase the do andstoups and the lokedin greca toly ot the pcyar
	layer_6: macker a laxtovice came atwice that ha eveni shufling alonging his sclasious it's fares the door and stops and the loked angricatily at the piear
	layer_8: macker alexivich came a twice that ha evening shuffling alonging his sclacious as far ast the door and stolpeds and eloked angrecatily at the pir
	layer_10: maker alextrovitch came twice thata evening shuffling alonging his clacs as far as the door and stoped andlooked ingreciatly at the pir
	layer_12: maker alextrovitch came twice thatta evening shuffling alonging his sclachus as far as the door and stopped andlooked ingreciatily at the pir

file: 1650-167613-0000.flac
expected: the officers were about to take leave but prince andrew apparently reluctant to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay and have tea
	layer_2: the alisersal bo totaycln bu the prienu a parnt relatant o belapt a lowwipis pren as co tom the stay an hapte
	layer_4: the alisers al bo de tacla fu the priusenu aparntl relactentl belapt a lo wiphis fren as kol them the stay an hafte
	layer_6: the alpisers will bou o takly fur the pricendu a parentl relactentll be lefed along with his friend asked them to stay and halfe he
	layer_8: the alfisers wal bouwe to takela frt the princiendeu apparently relacet entil be left along with his friend aske them to stay an halfta
	layer_10: the afisers wele bowd to take lav for the prince andew apparently relactentill be left alon with his friend asked them to stay an half te
	layer_12: the afisers wel bowd to take leav fo the prince andew apparently relactentill be left alon with his friend asked them to stay an half t

file: 1650-167613-0001.flac
expected: seats were brought in and so was the tea
	layer_2: sthisale groutein and ha so was pet
	layer_4: sise wll growtheing an e so wast thit
	layer_6: seys will browtin and the soul worstitu
	layer_8: ase will browtin and the sol wost rt
	layer_10: cas wil browdin and the sol worsft
	layer_12: case will browdin and the sol worsve ti

file: 1650-167613-0002.flac
expected: the officers gazed with surprise at pierre's huge stout figure and listened to his talk of moscow and the position of our army round which he had ridden
	layer_2: the al iserscasis o pris of ha pur soichthol beger andthelysntohystouke of p amousecot and he pasiien ob ararny woe waiche had he breten
	layer_4: the alviserscase wis uprise af a purswoge stofeger and e lisnto hi stluk u pmousicot and e posiion a ararmy lon wac he had a breaten
	layer_6: the elvicers cae with upprised ant a purs whuge stoled figr and e listento his talk opamowsico and ha position a oler army long which he had abraden
	layer_8: the elficersgaze with surprised an a pursuge stole figr ad to listend to his talk opmousico and a position al valbar army oo which he had a breden
	layer_10: the alficers cazed with surprised at a pur huge stout figure and to listen to his talk ofpmausico and a position o valber army aong which he had a breden
	layer_12: the alficers cazed with surprised ant a pur huge stout figure and to listen to his talk ofp mausico and he position o valber army mong which he had a breden

file: 1650-167613-0003.flac
expected: so you understand the whole position of our troops
	layer_2: stoyo entheir stan the hol poeys an nou ouber topse
	layer_4: so you enterstand the whol posics on nou ouwer trops
	layer_6: so you endersand the whole poseas oouh ouer trops
	layer_8: so you enderstand the whole posets onough ouwer toops
	layer_10: so you understand the whole posisen ogh ouward troops
	layer_12: so you understand the whole posisen ogh ouward troops

file: 1650-167613-0004.flac
expected: not being a military man i can't say i have understood it fully but i understand the general position
	layer_2: nol being o milotera man the canisaya en er stoithi the foy buth anersten tha ener pstion
	layer_4: noutfeing amillettor eman ecanisa af an er stu thi the foy buthe enthersten the jenter pocution
	layer_6: nowt being amillatareman the cannasa af ender sto ther the foy but they enterstenmd the general position
	layer_8: nou being a millitary man the cannesaalf enderstoo the d fouly but they enterstand the general position
	layer_10: nout being a military man the canneeaf understood he defoi but they understand the general position
	layer_12: nout being a military man the canniseiavf understood the defoiy but they understand the general position

file: 1650-167613-0005.flac
expected: well then you know more than anyone else be it who it may said prince andrew
	layer_2: will then youno o than enyne thous be had whoth maisad crsenyur
	layer_4: wel then you no m than anin ouse pe ad whoith may sad pres enur
	layer_6: well then you know more tha anyone ouse pe it hoith may sad pric endr
	layer_8: well then you know more than anyone else be it hoit may ssaid prisc ander
	layer_10: well then you know more than anyone else be it hoit may ssaid prince andrew
	layer_12: well then you know more than anyone else be it ho it may ssaid prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0006.flac
expected: and tell me your opinion of barclay de tolly
	layer_2: a tellm r ocenof baclayd theto
	layer_4: ta tel ma yur o peno baclad the toes
	layer_6: a tell me your apiniaf bacclate thei tole
	layer_8: d tell me your openi o baclate te toler
	layer_10: an tell me your aopinia vaclate te tola
	layer_12: a tell me your aopinia  vaclate de tole

file: 1650-167613-0007.flac
expected: pierre looked at timokhin with the condescendingly interrogative smile with which everybody involuntarily addressed that officer
	layer_2: prto ko that t molkim with the co hy senelayins or rok tif s mi woith wiseameebuty iboll on serlyearsiset that alpisr
	layer_4: purtlk tha t molukhim with the comn hi sendily into raktive smile with waisehemerbody abollanturily rjuised that alpiser
	layer_6: pure look that molkhim with the contisendily into raktive smile with whis  amebody volencteurly orjoised that alpicer
	layer_8: pur look that malk him with the contiscendily into roctive smile with whih amebody  voluntearly rjoiced that alficer
	layer_10: per look that malk him with the contdescendinly into roctive smile with which everybody involuntarily rejoiced that olficer
	layer_12: pur look that malk him with the condiscendily into rocative smile with which everybody involuntarily rejoiced that alficer

file: 1650-167613-0008.flac
expected: we see light again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency said timokhin timidly and continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_2: wishs uli thar ga sisser ranot has min thepoinstit your asoncss satond mallc intimigl ind the comtiney turnin to guansadt iscurnl
	layer_4: wishshelit he gain sose his oranit  has men e pointit you r ax solence sat ti malkantimicly and te contnualy turningto glans adt is curnal
	layer_6: whih h  lighte again sosed his urranity has men appointit you ere axcelency sati marlontimigaly and te continualyaturnig to glance at is coronal
	layer_8: which he light agaisus his serranity has meen appointed youer axcellencie set ti moantimically and e continuallytturnig to glance at his colonal
	layer_10: which thealight again sus his seranity has been appointed your excellencye sat t moantimically and continually turning to glance at his culronel
	layer_12: which he alight again sus his seranity has been appointed your excellencie sat t mocantimically and continually turning to glance at his culronel

file: 1650-167613-0009.flac
expected: why so asked pierre
	layer_2: whs o ask o epr
	layer_4: whi so ask  e pur
	layer_6: why so aske t a per
	layer_8: why so ask the pr
	layer_10: why so aske the per
	layer_12: why so ask the per

file: 1650-167613-0010.flac
expected: then why was it forbidden
	layer_2: the i wasthits o beden
	layer_4: thegh wie was it fobeden
	layer_6: thoghwi was it forpeden
	layer_8: thowi was it forbeden
	layer_10: doi was it forpeden
	layer_12: doi was it forbiden

file: 1650-167613-0011.flac
expected: at smolensk too he judged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had larger forces
	layer_2: a s mol thansc to fhecus the coractoly tehat of e prense mi ee ot lances as e hand alards forses
	layer_4: a smo thanseto hejese te croractolly that hef a frense mig to outlencus as they had alargs fources
	layer_6: a smalllancske too he cjuce the croactoly that hafthe frience min to altlancus as thy had a large forces
	layer_8: at smallansk too he juged e crractily that of te french might altlankas as they had a large forces
	layer_10: at smallansk too he judged corractaly that if a french might atlankas as they had a large forces
	layer_12: at smalansqk too he judged coractaly that if a french might altplankas as they had a large forces

file: 1650-167613-0012.flac
expected: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and losses went for nothing
	layer_2: he o thrdsto retct an a a ower afers ind thalalsis wont fore nofing
	layer_4: the ol therdus to recet hand the a ouwere affers ind a louses wontheford nothing
	layer_6: the older d us to recrat han  ou ou er affers in a lowsess wen e fore nohing
	layer_8: he oderd us to retreat han  ou our affors an allowsis wud for nothing
	layer_10: he odered us to retreat and ou our effors and allows tes wouldfor nothing
	layer_12: he odered us to retreat and ou our effors and allows is wouldfor nothing

file: 1650-167613-0013.flac
expected: so it has been with barclay
	layer_2: soy thaspen with farcli
	layer_4: soiet aspen with farcle
	layer_6: solnidaspin with farcly
	layer_8: soi to aspin with farcly
	layer_10: soi to ask inm with farkly
	layer_12: sowi to ask im with farkly

file: 1650-167613-0014.flac
expected: while russia was well a foreigner could serve her and be a splendid minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own kin
	layer_2: we ros on was wel the forin er cold sr her and a beus glad in aminhe str bhuthe su nasais i dangur shi nase one ufor on cin
	layer_4: well rus hon was well teforin er could serbp her and e beous plan in aminestert but theu son ashis id dengere shoul nese woneoufher onkim
	layer_6: well roston was well beforein her could serbed her and he beospland in a minister but al soon a shis i danger shuldneec one ouf her on kin
	layer_8: well roston was well beforeingher could surb her and te beos blan in a minister but as soon as she is ind danger she neace one of her own king
	layer_10: wll rostom was well beforeiner could surb her and te beost plan in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she neese one of her own king
	layer_12: well rastom was well beforeinner could surb her and te beost plan in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she neese one of her own king

file: 1650-167613-0015.flac
expected: and they say he's a skillful commander rejoined pierre
	layer_2: and v say his asto holco manter bejin the pur
	layer_4: and veay say his a sci ful comandor hbejoing the pr
	layer_6: and vey say his a skilful commender he wejoine he peur
	layer_8: and vhey say his a skilful commander he rejoine the pr
	layer_10: and they say his a skillful commander he wljoin the per
	layer_12: and they say hes a skilful commander he wild join the per

file: 1650-167613-0016.flac
expected: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_2: i don and ther stan awhatheis mense by asfpl co mender e ply de prinensoei ronghelai
	layer_4: i don' and ther stand whathis mence by a sceupfl commaender replad the princs endso i angicly
	layer_6: i don't and der stand what is ments by a scuful commander replad the princ enjo i rongaclly
	layer_8: i don't anderstand what is mant by a scuful commander repliedthe prince andjo arongically
	layer_10: i don't understand what is meant by a skelful commander replied prince anjrew ironically
	layer_12: i don't understand what is meant by a skilful commander replied prince andrew ironically

file: 1650-167613-0017.flac
expected: a skillful commander replied pierre
	layer_2: us gue fl com mander wre pli thep r
	layer_4: ascuful com mander replidthepur
	layer_6: a sciful commender replie the pr
	layer_8: a skful commander replied the pr
	layer_10: a scoful commander replied the pr
	layer_12: a scuful commander replied the pr

file: 1650-167613-0018.flac
expected: pierre looked at him in surprise
	layer_2: psur lol co the ha isof prise
	layer_4: pure lo c a the hamiso prie
	layer_6: pur lok athe hamio soprice
	layer_8: pur lok at th hamm o surprise
	layer_10: pure look at the heam surprice
	layer_12: pure lok at the hemi surprise

file: 1650-167613-0019.flac
expected: and yet they say that war is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_2: and the yas thy saebeo the worse lieo gae ox chas ereymark
	layer_4: an the yes the say that the woarce like a game olf cheass heremard
	layer_6: and the yets they sa thatf the woce like a game of ches her remarke
	layer_8: and e yets they sayve that the voice like a game of ches he remarked
	layer_10: and  yet they say that the voice like a game of ches he remarked
	layer_12: and  yet they say that the voice like a game of ches he remarked

file: 1650-167613-0020.flac
expected: the relative strength of bodies of troops can never be known to anyone
	layer_2: the ralotrve stren of botheysuf tp can never benonso an on
	layer_4: the ralloteve strens of bthesof tupe connever benon oe anu on
	layer_6: the ralitive strench of bothis of tuope cannever benown to anone
	layer_8: the ralative strenth of botis of tupe can never be known to any one
	layer_10: the relative strength of bodies of tube can never be known to any one
	layer_12: the relative strength of bodies of tube can never be known to any one

file: 1650-167613-0021.flac
expected: success never depends and never will depend on position or equipment or even on numbers and least of all on position but on what then
	layer_2: shostes mever thepinse a navvo will te chin onm cositon wory quevemen ort eva non nenbers and a lestoff al on postion butd o wat thain
	layer_4: suxcess mever depens a nevea will depen an position wore  quevemen wart evenon nembrs and a leastuf al un position but oun wat than
	layer_6: suxcess mever depense ad never will depen on position were equevement were even u nemburs and a leas of all on position but in what dhn
	layer_8: success mever depense and never will depend on position were equepment were even o nembers and e least offal on position but on what dhan
	layer_10: success never depends and never will depend on position ore equipement ore even o members and a least of all on position but on what then
	layer_12: success never depens and never will depend on position ore equipement ore even o members and a least of all on position but on what then

file: 1650-167613-0022.flac
expected: on the feeling that is in me and in him he pointed to timokhin and in each soldier
	layer_2: on the firlling vhathesin me and  him hepoint at to timouking and he  isoser
	layer_4: oun the firling thaticein me and  him hepointadt to to mouking and   is soser
	layer_6: oun e filing thatisi me and eg him hepointed tuk himouking ande is soser
	layer_8: an of filing that isin me and ei him he pointed temoalking and e is soszer
	layer_10: an tof feling that is in me and a him he pointed totimaking and e is sozer
	layer_12: an tho feling that is in me and a him he pointed totimaking and e is soser

file: 1650-167613-0023.flac
expected: a battle is won by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_2: uebathos wom by tos forly rysou to winent
	layer_4: the patowis om by those wo firmly res ouvfe to winent
	layer_6: the patois won by those wo firmly resouved o winnt
	layer_8: the bateo is wan by those who firmly resolved o wenet
	layer_10: the bate is sworn by those who firmly resolvedto winet
	layer_12: the bate is sworn by those who firmly resolve to winet

file: 1650-167613-0024.flac
expected: why did we lose the battle at austerlitz
	layer_2: wi the wilbus the pate andthe ousfolthes
	layer_4: wi then willuse the poutow and e ous voldens
	layer_6: whi thin wilbows the bato and er ousvulens
	layer_8: why the wilbows the bate and he ousvoldese
	layer_10: why the wildows the bade and the ouswodes
	layer_12: why the wildows the bate and the ousvoldes

file: 1650-167613-0025.flac
expected: we've lost so let us run and we ran
	layer_2: wflous tot sl lithes wong andthe re won
	layer_4: wetf louse t o sol ligthers one andthe weon
	layer_6: wef loused sio light us one and te we one
	layer_8: wevf loused so leyt us on and  we worn
	layer_10: wev loust so lete us ron and we wen
	layer_12: we'v loust so let us wron andwe wen

file: 1650-167613-0026.flac
expected: but tomorrow we shan't say it
	layer_2: but tomour we shini saant
	layer_4: but tomoral wre shinsayens
	layer_6: but to morl wrs shen sayanct
	layer_8: but to morraw were sheaant
	layer_10: but to morrow we'r seseets
	layer_12: but to morrow we' shedeseent

file: 1650-167613-0027.flac
expected: but what awaits us tomorrow
	layer_2: but hof hatho way has to morl
	layer_4: but u watha wayt has to maral
	layer_6: but a whater wait has to marol
	layer_8: but a what a wait as to morrow
	layer_10: but o wat a wit as to morrow
	layer_12: but o what a wait as to morrow

file: 1650-167613-0028.flac
expected: the fact is that those men with whom you have ridden round the position not only do not help matters but hinder
	layer_2: the factas ead etos man the with ho you heafritenwear on the posision naltholy to nall hel mathers buthey himter
	layer_4: the facktace thati tose man thut with whom you have fretn war on the pocision now  only to nowlhelt matters but he hinder
	layer_6: the factase that a those man t with home you have riden werrongd ha position nowt only to now hel matters but a hinder
	layer_8: the fact ise that an those men  with whome you have reiden w wroung ha posision not only to now help matters but a hinder
	layer_10: the fact is that o those men with whom you have riten round the posision not only to now help matters but a hinder
	layer_12: the fact is that a those men with whom you have riten eround the posision not only to now help matters but a hinder

file: 1650-167613-0029.flac
expected: that's the truth the real truth said timokhin
	layer_2: bas thatufthe relshrufsi to molkon
	layer_4: bhas the tofthe rialtrofsaid to mallkin
	layer_6: bhas the trof the real trof saitt mulkin
	layer_8: bast the truf the real truf said to malkin
	layer_10: tas the truf the real truf said to malkin
	layer_12: tas the truf the real truf said to malkin

file: 1650-167613-0030.flac
expected: it's not the day for that they say
	layer_2: is nol tho ta for tho b sa
	layer_4: is now the deyfor thau they say
	layer_6: is now that day for thaut they say
	layer_8: is now that day for that they say
	layer_10: is now that day for that they say
	layer_12: is now that day for that they say

file: 1650-167613-0031.flac
expected: all were silent the officers rose
	layer_2: ol wor sellent the o icer ros
	layer_4: o wore sellent the elfisers rose
	layer_6: a were selland the elpicer rose
	layer_8: a were sallant the elficer  rose
	layer_10: a wersalant the elficers rose
	layer_12: a wersalant the alficers rose

file: 1650-167613-0032.flac
expected: yes yes answered prince andrew absently
	layer_2: heasese ansoe the princandsoer asonpl
	layer_4: heasas ancer the prince endoere apsomfly
	layer_6: es ies anser the prince enr absumfally
	layer_8: yes yes answer the prince andgre absonphly
	layer_10: yes yes answered the prince andrewr absently
	layer_12: yes yes answered the prince andrew absently

file: 1650-167613-0033.flac
expected: the french have destroyed my home and are on their way to destroy moscow they have outraged and are outraging me every moment they are my enemies
	layer_2: the frash as ti stige my ho and h an le wi d of thi stoimosicl the hap oltriset and oar all trisonm everymomments tear amok anomins
	layer_4: ther franshus tistoid my ho andar only wid ll thistoy masicaol they havp al triasd and our all triso my everymomente vhearamat animins
	layer_6: the franceh as destroyed my home and ar only widl tei stroy marsicale they have outrisd and our outrison me every moment the rmar animncs
	layer_8: the french has destroyied my home and ar only witled destroy masicl they have outreced and our outresug me every moment the rma animas
	layer_10: the french has destroyed my home and ar only widl destroye masico they hate outriched and or outrisu me every moment therma animas
	layer_12: the french has destroyed my home and a're only widtl destroy masico they hath outriced and or outriso me every moment the arma animas

file: 1650-167613-0034.flac
expected: in my opinion they are all criminals
	layer_2: imigll pin i bher al cminls
	layer_4: immy elpinga tere ou crminals
	layer_6: i myelpina ber ou qriminals
	layer_8: i my aphina beare ou qriminals
	layer_10: i my alphinia ber o criminals
	layer_12: i my alphinia ber ou criminals

file: 1650-167613-0035.flac
expected: and so thinks timokhin and the whole army
	layer_2: ands o tingstomoulg a thoe hollarmn
	layer_4: and so things to mallke and the who arming
	layer_6: and so thinks timalcyte and the whole armin
	layer_8: and so thinks to malcuy and the whole armiy
	layer_10: and solthinks to malci and the whole army
	layer_12: and so thinks to malki and the whole army

file: 1650-167613-0036.flac
expected: since they are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may have been said at tilsit
	layer_2: ss the r my fos they con nel be my frence welte avbermay hoa b sadot ha tusent
	layer_4: ss the ure my fose they cannolt bee my frence what eebrmay hav be sad er atulset
	layer_6: sis the ar my fose they cannolt ben my frence willevbr may have be sad at attulsite
	layer_8: sic the are my fos they cannot be my friends whalevver may have be sad at atuset
	layer_10: since they are my fos they cannot be my friends whaever may have be sad at atuset
	layer_12: since they are my fos they can not be my friends whaever may have bee sad at atuset

file: 1650-167613-0037.flac
expected: yes yes muttered pierre looking with shining eyes at prince andrew
	layer_2: astes mothore d  pur lokou with shining ie o t a crisaenyou
	layer_4: yases mathere t e par lokin with shining eise  t e cries an ou
	layer_6: yas is batheredthe prear lokin with shining eycat a princ andyu
	layer_8: yes tes matherede prr lokim with shining eys at he prince andu
	layer_10: yes yes mutherede per lokin with shining eyes at a prince andrew
	layer_12: yes es muthered te per lokim with shining eyes at a prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0038.flac
expected: they talk to us of the rules of war of chivalry of flags of truce of mercy to the unfortunate and so on it's all rubbish
	layer_2: the tow oaut ou er rs  of hr of iverry o flaes of tush a marse to te an fort ana th in hisa wag e fol robens
	layer_4: the tok toaust ou e rosof of iverre il flaks of tose of mursy to the anfortannathe in so ong i sow rabins
	layer_6: the takedto astof arused off r of civery ol flacs of tuose of mersy to the enfortina te anso long i ou raigse
	layer_8: the talk toast of aruse off r of civery o flaxs of tus of mercy to the unfortinad an so long i ro rabbis
	layer_10: the talk toasof arus of wr of chivary of fax of tush of mercy to the unfortunadan so long is o rabbis
	layer_12: the talk toasof aruse of wr of chivary of folax of tus of mercy to the unfortunadan so long is o rabish

file: 1650-167613-0039.flac
expected: they plunder other people's houses issue false paper money and worst of all they kill my children and my father and then talk of rules of war and magnanimity to foes
	layer_2: the planther of thef pevo s hollses uso fase caveron and a orstelfold the cel my suton an the my faother and dan towg o rose eof fore and mag nmati to fos
	layer_4: the plander o ther pepose holces uso false plavermony and a orst elfoud they kial my cuden an he my father and dan towk off rose elffr and magnamite to fos
	layer_6: the plander o ther pepol's houses ush yu felst plaver mony and  worstalffou they kill my tdren and e my father and thean talk of ruseelf fr and magnimate to fose
	layer_8: the plander of ther peopl's houses ust o fells claver money and wors alfou they kill my children and my father and then talk of ruseel r and magnimite to fos
	layer_10: the plander of their people's houses isufals clavermony and worsta fow they kill my children and my father and then talk of rulsel r and magnimite to fols
	layer_12: the plander of their people's houses eisu fals clavermony and worstafow they kill my children and my father and then talk of ruse r and magnimitie to fols

file: 1650-167613-0040.flac
expected: take no prisoners but kill and be killed
	layer_2: tak nall prisonters buy the cel and bec
	layer_4: tak nollprinsoners buy the kel and beku
	layer_6: take no princoners by the cul and bekul
	layer_8: take no princeners but the kul and bikul
	layer_10: take no princeners but the kil and bacu
	layer_12: take no princeners but the kl and baci

file: 1650-167613-0041.flac
expected: prince andrew who had thought it was all the same to him whether or not moscow was taken as smolensk had been was suddenly checked in his speech by an unexpected cramp in his throat
	layer_2: tpres engr who havf felte thef was all the same to him whether wen no mosgo was tagin aus motans cadhe ben a so they shacth hiu spis bi aspacted the crambis thralt
	layer_4: preace endu who have falteyd e was ou the same to him whether we nowt mousicowas tagan as moencs chadben al so theyt chacty hir spich by a an spacte  crambeos throrolt
	layer_6: price enjre who have folt it o was ou the same to him whether wee nowt moucica was tagen as malvlance chadtbein wil seutalychactin his spich by a an spacted crambiis thruroed
	layer_8: prince andre who have folld it was au the same to him whether were notmounsica was taken as mauvins had been wa suderly chacting his speech by a espacted crambyus throat
	layer_10: prince andrew who ha fold it was all the same to him whether wor not masico was taken as marvans had been was sudenly chacting his speech by an expacted crambius throat
	layer_12: prince andrew who have foud it was all the same to him whether or not masico was taken as mavans had been wals sudenly chacting his speech by an expacted crambiis throat

file: 1650-167613-0042.flac
expected: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes glittered feverishly and his lips quivered as he began speaking
	layer_2: hupa stoben don of feo t timese in sis bu the hs ice gliator o tvirvrwersaly an the histlives queberdastad begainspecon
	layer_4: he past ov an down of feyuth imes in silens bu he he s ice gleitorfivrlisaly and the his lives queberd asta beganspeking
	layer_6: he paced ue and down a fewtimesin silence but his eys gleater fivoishly and t his leaves queeburd asedti began stpeaking
	layer_8: he paced up and down a few timesin silence but his eyes gleatere fivilishly andhis liavs queeberd asket began speaking
	layer_10: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes gleatere fiveishly andhis liavs quebered as it began speaking
	layer_12: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes gleatere fiveishly and his livs quebered as it began speaking

file: 1650-167613-0043.flac
expected: and when there was a war like this one it would be war
	layer_2: an he on there was o or  like vhis on it bey mor
	layer_4: and the on there was e or  like this on itbe wor
	layer_6: and te on there was ta ur like this one itbe  wore
	layer_8: and te one there was ta rr like this one it oulbe a ware
	layer_10: and the one there was ta ror like this one itwul be a war
	layer_12: and the one there was a rr like this one itul be a war

file: 1650-167613-0044.flac
expected: what is needed for success in warfare
	layer_2: a this neide the fore sexisin or far
	layer_4: hal this neded the for succisein wowre fare
	layer_6: while this needed the for suxciseing wrfair
	layer_8: while this needed e for succising warfar
	layer_10: while this needed e forsuccising warfair
	layer_12: while this needed e forsuccising warfair

file: 1650-167613-0045.flac
expected: and in spite of all this it is the highest class respected by everyone
	layer_2: in h uspyteofol thes it is the hious the claus rispact ed the byht evry on
	layer_4: an  u spyt olfoll this it is the hiyes the closs respacte the byt evry an
	layer_6: aneispite alf olle this it is the highes the cluss respacted ta by everyon
	layer_8: on in spite al fol this it is the highest to class respected to by everyone
	layer_10: ontispite alfa this it is the highest  class respected  by everyone
	layer_12: onti spite alfal this it is the highest class respected  buy everyone

file: 1650-167613-0046.flac
expected: how does god above look at them and hear them
	layer_2: hol thos car thabolf locea ten an ea her dha
	layer_4: holdo scot ubive loka them and  her tem
	layer_6: hate sct abov loka them and  her them
	layer_8: hodaskot above loca them and hear them
	layer_10: hodaskot above lokat them and hear them
	layer_12: hodoskot above lokat them and hear them

file: 1650-167613-0047.flac
expected: i see that i have begun to understand too much
	layer_2: i seve that i hap begaente un ther sten to mots
	layer_4: i seve thathei have began to an their stan to monte
	layer_6: i seeve that  i have began to endder stend tomuch
	layer_8: i see that  i have began to enderstand too much
	layer_10: i see thati have began to understand too much
	layer_12: i see that i hav began to understand too much

file: 1650-167613-0048.flac
expected: and it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it's not for long he added
	layer_2: and thet thousan dofor mend of past of the tur of nollesl gootine ebl a woi thisnou forelong he adid
	layer_4: and the tosan doofor mend of tasedt of the tre of nawlege af good hen  ble ar wol ithis nout forlong he adit
	layer_6: and tha dosindo for men of past of the tree of nowege of good an able a whel it is nowt fourlong he addet
	layer_8: and a dosn't do for mento pase of the tree of knowledge of good and ebl ah well it is now four long he added
	layer_10: and a dozn' do for men to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evl ah well it is now four long he added
	layer_12: and a doezn do for men to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it is now four long he added

file: 1650-167613-0049.flac
expected: however you're sleepy and it's time for me to sleep
	layer_2: ho auver rsloly a this time for medo stly
	layer_4: ho aver yoursolevey an this timefor me do stle
	layer_6: however your sllleve y and this time for me jdo sleep
	layer_8: however yourslevee and this time for me to sleep
	layer_10: however your slepi at this time for me to sleep
	layer_12: however your slepy at this time for me to sleep

file: 1650-167613-0050.flac
expected: go back to gorki said prince andrew suddenly
	layer_2: gol bacto gorcou sathe prhisender as sothely
	layer_4: gol bac to gork said the preis endr a sothely
	layer_6: go back to gork yu said the priest enjro suthenly
	layer_8: go back to gorciu said the princt andro sudenly
	layer_10: go back to gorky said the prince andrew suddenly
	layer_12: go back to gorki said th prince andrew suddenly

file: 1650-167613-0051.flac
expected: go go before a battle one must have one's sleep out repeated prince andrew
	layer_2: g god before batal won nastef l waslly pot re ped prisengl
	layer_4: go god before batal one nust eful wons sully p repid priceng
	layer_6: go go before batal one nust eaffer onec solipouth repid princt enje
	layer_8: go go before battle one nust hf fr on'e olipoau repid princ ande
	layer_10: go god before battle one must have for on'e solipot repid prince anjew
	layer_12: go god before battle one must have for on'e tolipaut repid prince andew

file: 1650-167613-0052.flac
expected: no he does not want it pierre concluded
	layer_2: no hed thas mo onse seur com c thet
	layer_4: now he thast mout wante psere come co thed
	layer_6: no he des malt wanter per comcodet
	layer_8: no he does molt wanter pircom coeded
	layer_10: no he does not want i prcom codet
	layer_12: no he does nolt wanti percam codet

file: 1650-167613-0053.flac
expected: and i know that this is our last meeting
	layer_2: and i nolld thothevsisa werlas the metin
	layer_4: and i kno thauthe vicsis ar wr las e meting
	layer_6: and i know thate vhisis are wur last o meting
	layer_8: andi know that  his is i were last a meeting
	layer_10: and i know that this is i were last a meeting
	layer_12: and i know that this is i were last a meeting

file: 1650-167613-0054.flac
expected: one picture succeeded another in his imagination
	layer_2: ompak curslexe tid tha otheres mas ination
	layer_4: omepicetursleccedi a other assed madnation
	layer_6: one pictursluccetiv mother ised magination
	layer_8: one picture succeeted mother answe magination
	layer_10: one picture succeeded amother ansred imagination
	layer_12: one picture succeeded amother answrd imagination

file: 1650-167613-0055.flac
expected: on one of them he dwelt long and joyfully
	layer_2: a wineno themn the ha delt hlong an ha shrfli
	layer_4: a wone no then  hiad dweoltlong and a srfullid
	layer_6: a woe ogth them hed drol along an asserfulli
	layer_8: a wone of them hea dwelt along and asrefully
	layer_10: a wane of them he dwelt along and assurefuly
	layer_12: a ane of them he dwelt along and asurefuly

file: 6123-59150-0000.flac
expected: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epileptic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_2: his car tis git joncole go mad rajllisy  fol in iplletec fis oraye he steiricly
	layer_4: his carctis get joncl go mad reajelicy oful in epollepd ic fits a rave histricly
	layer_6: his caractes get jdonk all go mad rit jelicy er fallinepoleptic fits all rave histiriclly
	layer_8: his characters get drunk ol go mad rit jealousy fore fallin epoleptic fits oll rave histerically
	layer_10: his characters get drunk o'l go mad with jealousy fo fall in epoleptic fits oll rave hysterically
	layer_12: his characters get drunk o'l go mad with jealousy for fall in epoleptic fits oll rave hysterically

file: 6123-59150-0001.flac
expected: if dostoevsky had had less vision he would have been strindberg
	layer_2: if totirske had had lesflison he would ibeenstrinvor
	layer_4: if toustar sky had had lessvision he would hae been stringer
	layer_6: if tostar ske had had less vision he wouldhaebeen stringor
	layer_8: if dosterski had had less vision he would hav been stringer
	layer_10: if dosterski had had less vision he would have been stringor
	layer_12: if doserski had had less vision he would have been stringor

file: 6123-59150-0002.flac
expected: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_2: lak thimasin ovlus t e torco
	layer_4: lack them hison ove les t ef tortoe
	layer_6: lick them he is an ovelist ef torthur
	layer_8: like them he is a nuvolist of torture
	layer_10: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_12: like them he is a novelist of torture

file: 6123-59150-0003.flac
expected: certainly the lust of cruelty the lust of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dostoevsky's men and women
	layer_2: sare i tht thelus thof crlty lus tof thie struction vidistrution sak is themis conspituuse of the ded tlysins indostors cis mann wimen
	layer_4: sar hinit the las of cralty thelus tor istruction vidistrupcton sake is the mos con spicuus of the ded ly sins anddostaars kis manin wimon
	layer_6: ser him wit the last of cralty the lusted distruction vidistruction sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins an dostaskis man in women
	layer_8: certin with the last of cruelty the last te destructioon for estruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins and dostaskis men and women
	layer_10: certainliyh the last of cruelty th last te destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins an dostes givs men and women
	layer_12: certainly the last of cruelty tht last ted destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins and dosaes kives men and women

file: 6123-59150-0004.flac
expected: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_2: ho mannot th a cr alser
	layer_4: he ma not bea cru aer
	layer_6: he may not be a crel alo
	layer_8: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_10: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_12: he may not be a cruel also

file: 6123-59150-0005.flac
expected: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniacal conflict
	layer_2: but they an everin bellancs they awasin dinm ten ic contliks
	layer_4: but they anever in belence they rawas in diman ic cqonfliks
	layer_6: but they arever in ballance they ae always in demin ical qunflics
	layer_8: but they are never in balance they arealways in demoniical quonflics
	layer_10: but they are never in ballance they are always in demoniical conflicts
	layer_12: but they are never in ballance they are always in demoniical conflicts

file: 6123-59150-0006.flac
expected: even the lust is never or hardly ever the lust of a more or less sane man
	layer_2: ivin the lus es nevl hodly ie the lus t of e mor e lis sang men
	layer_4: iven the lost is nevl  hadlyovoe the lost of a morea les sain man
	layer_6: even the lost is never  hadlyove the lost of a morea less sain man
	layer_8: even the lost is never or hardly ev the lost of a morear less san man
	layer_10: even the lost is never or hardly ever the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_12: even the lost is never or hardlyever the lost of a more or less sane man

file: 6123-59150-0007.flac
expected: dostoevsky could not have described the sin of nekhludov in resurrection
	layer_2: thostisky pouldnot haof thesquive the sin ofd necuridl inreterection
	layer_4: thesaske could not have the sqrie the sin of necclitolef in rederection
	layer_6: dus teske could not have desqrive the sin of neclatof in reserection
	layer_8: dusesky could not have described the sin of nechladov in resurection
	layer_10: dosteski could not have described the sin of nekhladov in resurrection
	layer_12: dusteski could not have described the sin of nechladof in resurrection

file: 6123-59150-0008.flac
expected: this is a madhouse cries some one in the idiot
	layer_2: his is amad heus cre so onintheadies
	layer_4: this is a mad hels creso one intheidious
	layer_6: this is a madhouse cris oe one indeidias
	layer_8: this is a mad house cried some one indeitios
	layer_10: this is a mad house cried someone intheitios
	layer_12: this is a mad house cried someone inthitias

file: 6123-59150-0009.flac
expected: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_2: won resotod this is in mor tha cuiity at action
	layer_4: when resoltof thist is amohta plisity otaction
	layer_6: when result of this is i mortiplicity of action
	layer_8: when result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_10: when result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_12: when result of this is a mortiplicity of action

file: 6123-59150-0010.flac
expected: even the talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_2: iven te tr is ovactoncs moar than o by ds
	layer_4: iven ato is olvactionce morthan o vy ds
	layer_6: even a tak is olvactions more than ovidears
	layer_8: even to talk his of actions more than o ideas
	layer_10: even to talk his of actions more than o ideas
	layer_12: even to talk his of actions more than o ideas

file: 6123-59150-0011.flac
expected: he sows violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_2: he sois biln deds nat with the hand but with ther sek
	layer_4: he sohis willent deds not with the hand but with the suk
	layer_6: he sow as vilent deds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_8: he sow s violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_10: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_12: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck

file: 6123-59150-0012.flac
expected: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_2: but one had notestring this las to days that the ovhr was wari he sov vlr wart ch onygela ba chain wuc he seens not to had se non em tef
	layer_4: but one had noesdring this las to dase that the ovhr was warin as silvlr watcsh on e yelloaf bed chane whuch e seems not to have see non hum tefor
	layer_6: but one had knotisturing thise last two days that the othr was waring a silveor watch on a yellor beed chan which hes seems not to have seen on hum before
	layer_8: but one had noticed during thise last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bed chain which i seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_10: but one had noticed during thise last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_12: but one had noticed during thise last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before

file: 6123-59150-0013.flac
expected: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_2: he tooconafh and when his frented tend oway he apris d im coasiusly from behind toogaime tandis ise hevenots cros inseolt and praing fevet ly gor forgivemyf a cra sak
	layer_4: he took a nifh and when his franted tend erway he apprsd him cosiusly from behind took ame tend his is heaven wods crust imseolf and praing fervently godth forgivenmyfacrss sake
	layer_6: he took a nif and when his friend ad tend away he approced him cotiously from behind took ame turned his eyas heavenwoods crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for crisst sake
	layer_8: he took a knife and when his friend had terned away he approaced him catiously from behind took am turned his eyes heavenwords crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for cris' sake
	layer_10: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for crist' sake
	layer_12: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took am turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for crist' sake

file: 6123-59150-0014.flac
expected: he never paints everyman he always projects dostoevsky or a nightmare of dostoevsky
	layer_2: he nevee pans every man he uas projes tos tasky o  not mre tdost hisky
	layer_4: he never pains everyg men he aiys prjextos to ave sky or a not mar dos to havbsky
	layer_6: he never paints every man he alys project dos to haveske or a not marro dos to havbeske
	layer_8: he never paints every man he always projects dhus to havsky or a nit marof dus tohskiy
	layer_10: he never paints every man he always projects us tevsky or a nitmar of dustivskiy
	layer_12: he never paints every man he always projects us toevsky or a nihtmar of dustievsky

file: 6123-59150-0015.flac
expected: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenina or fathers and sons
	layer_2: that is wi crimend patiment telon sto ar loworrain gof fition than anacrenino o fothis n suns
	layer_4: that is whire crimein puntment the long s to a loworrange offiction than enecoreninoa ofathers an souns
	layer_6: that is whye criman punishment belongs toar loweo range of fiction than enicarenino orf fathers an suns
	layer_8: that is why crim an punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than enecerenina o father's and sons
	layer_10: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than ena corenina or fathers and sons
	layer_12: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than enna corenona or fathers and sons

file: 6123-59150-0016.flac
expected: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_2: wie sigpih isin daderith the fees thid brevardor that e sprthat suc cae te crime
	layer_4: we simpethis indaderith the fis the berevardo that espaer that suxcave the crime
	layer_6: we simpathise indead with the fiars the brovirdo that espare that succeeve the crim
	layer_8: we sympathise indeed with the fears the brovito the e spair that succeeve the crime
	layer_10: we sympathize indeed with the fears the brevado the despaire that succeeed the crime
	layer_12: we sympathize indeed with the fears the brevardo the despaire that succeeed the crime

file: 6123-59150-0017.flac
expected: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_2: he is a grtesk madalie by ser a maginitiveng tensite in pation
	layer_4: he is a grtesk madalite ty sheremuginitifeng tencity in pasion
	layer_6: he is agretesk made alive by sheremaginitiveintensity in passion
	layer_8: he is a groatesu made alive by shere imaginative intensity an passion
	layer_10: he is a grotesqu made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_12: he is a grotesqu maide alive by sher imaginative intensity and passion

file: 6123-59150-0018.flac
expected: one does not grudge an artist an abnormal character or two
	layer_2: wonedis not grrdginate sin ave nobl cac ur otoo
	layer_4: wond as not gridgonarte s in ave notle carc derato
	layer_6: on does not gruginatis an avenoral cacterol to
	layer_8: one does not grudge an artis an av norbal character orto
	layer_10: one does not grudge an artist an abnorbal character or two
	layer_12: one does not grudge an artist in abnorbl character or two

file: 6123-59150-0019.flac
expected: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens invents comic grotesques
	layer_2: he an vens vitiousgryte tas dicnsed vence comit gritess
	layer_4: he invence visious grytes tasdicns idvence commit gritess
	layer_6: he inventc ivicious gratest as dicckons idvente commit gratests
	layer_8: he invents vicious gratests as dickens edvents commit greatists
	layer_10: he invents vicious grootests as dickens events commic gratests
	layer_12: he invents vicious grotests as dickens envents commic gratests

file: 6123-59150-0020.flac
expected: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_2: was very foned of haning cats and bhering thin th gragt seromany
	layer_4: was very foned of haning cacs and bering them ith greit serimany
	layer_6: was very fornd of haning cats and barying them with grit seremany
	layer_8: was very fornd of haning cuks and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_10: was very fond of haning cuts and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_12: was very fond of haning cuts and burying them with great ceremony

file: 6123-59150-0021.flac
expected: as for the karamazovs themselves he portrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_2: as for the carmis ovstansovs he pbuchrase the od far ther an theoders t of hie sons hatiy achothe andfiting luk brto maniaks
	layer_4: as for the carimas ovesansoves he patrase the old father an the oders t of his sons haty ich other and figting lock bretl maniecs
	layer_6: as for the carrimas oves ansolves he pertrased the old father ind the oldest of his son's haty ach other and fighting lik britl manyex
	layer_8: as for the caramesoes hemselves he pertrazed the old father and the oldest of his sons hatng each other and fighting like britomaniax
	layer_10: as for the caramesoes themselves he betraes the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutolmaniax
	layer_12: as for the caramizoves themselves he betraes the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutomaniax

file: 6123-59150-0022.flac
expected: serve him right shouted dmitri breathlessly
	layer_2: sarve him ri shaut ed d matud breslsy
	layer_4: saive him rigt shoded de matud bresslesy
	layer_6: serve him right shuted to metu bresclecy
	layer_8: serve him right shouted de michu breclesly
	layer_10: serve him right shouted dmicu brethlessly
	layer_12: serve him right shouted demiciu brethlessly

file: 6123-59150-0023.flac
expected: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_2: if e havn't cilding ocomagen an till hinm
	layer_4: if ar havent cilding a come agan and kil him
	layer_6: if i havn't killd himg o come again and kill him
	layer_8: if i haven't kiled himg i'll come again and kill him
	layer_10: if i haven't killed him i'l come again and kill him
	layer_12: if i haven't killed him i'l come again and kill him

file: 6123-59150-0024.flac
expected: it is easy to see why dostoevsky has become a popular author
	layer_2: e sesie to s wy dostids gehas become e popi li oer
	layer_4: t isesi to sey whi dostard s ge has become o pokpila outa
	layer_6: it is easy to see why dost dske hads become a pocular artr
	layer_8: it is easy to see why dustsky hads become a pocular author
	layer_10: it is easy to see wher dustsky has become a popular author
	layer_12: it is easy to see wher dustisky has become a popular author

file: 6123-59150-0025.flac
expected: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_2: no meli gon thitest eferpord at inidin teponmthis stage ron such a horn of plenty
	layer_4: no mellagm thetist everpord out inseden toupon te stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_6: no melagatetist ever pored out insident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_8: no melogamatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a hoarn of plenty
	layer_10: no meligamitists ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_12: no melidamitists ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty

file: 6123-59150-0026.flac
expected: dostoevsky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_2: thostrsces aae raty to sho s he mollin ant ons
	layer_4: tostarskis alwaes ready to sho st e mall inent ons
	layer_6: dostairskes always ready to show the all lin at once
	layer_8: dosteskiy s always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_10: dosteski is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_12: dosteski is always ready to show them all in at once

file: 6123-59150-0027.flac
expected: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general epanchin prince s adelaida ivanovna lizaveta prokofyevna yevgeny pavlovitch radomsky princess byelokonsky aglaia prince myshkin kolya ivolgin ippolit varya ferdyshchenko nastasya filippovna nina alexandrovna ganya ptitsyn and general ivolgin
	layer_2: an two apesit pades of the itis won fins the folllw in carc t is broratin by naime jenrle poction princs es at alaydar ive nove no lisiv vet i procofi adno y hove gany pove lo with ra don sk princesbea oqoonsky a glar prinsmishcin cullye ivolgn ipled lr ferdi shinpr tistorsful apoveno neinet alats enjovto giniu ti sen an genoal ivogen
	layer_4: untwo oporsit pades of the idiad honefins the followincarctis brotin by name generl apangon prince es at alayd ar eivenovene lisivet er procofiodne y havf gany pove lovich radonsky princes barloquancsky a glaye prince mishcan cullr ivolgen ipllidt yr ferdis shenu nsstasi filapovene neenr elisanjovene gonia tiston an geneal ivogen
	layer_6: on two opposate pages of the idiot one fins the followincaractars brought in by name general appanion prince es at aladar evenovna lisa veter procophiana he have gany pave lovich redonsky princess bealquoncky a glar princemishkan qliar if olgen ipollit vaa faireda shenko nestarc u pillapovna neener elo'senjovna gonia tistin en general if ogen
	layer_8: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apparton prince es atalada ivenovna liziveta proqophievna eav ganny pavlovich redonskiy princess birelquonski a glaya prince mishkin quoalia evougan ipolit vaia frdi shanko nestacia pillapovna nina elezanjovna gania tisston en general ivougan
	layer_10: on two opposite pages of the idiod one finds the following characters brought in by name general laparon prince s atalada ivenovna lizeveta prokofievna  av genni pavlovitch redonski princess pilelaquonski aglaa prince mishkin calia evolgan ipolit vaa ferdi shenko nestasia pillopovna nina alexanjovna gania tisen en general evogan
	layer_12: on two opposite pages of the idiod one finds the following characters brought in by name general lapaion prince s atalada ivenovna liziveta prokofievna ye av gani pavlovitch redonski princess bilelaquinski aglaa prince mishkin colia evolgan ipolit vaya ferdishenko nestasia pilapovna nina alexandovna ganya tisen n general evogan

file: 6123-59150-0028.flac
expected: but the secret of dostoevsky's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_2: bt the sa culd af dostarsces a pl i sotming mo t in the motituden thral of itinsidens oncates
	layer_4: but the secred af dustrve skis appel isomt ming more than the moticud in threale of hi s incid ancincrctes
	layer_6: but the secrd of dostarfe skisappeal i sometming more than the motitue an threl of his insidenc in caracters
	layer_8: but the secret of dosteir  skis appeal is something more than the multitude and thril of his incidence and characters
	layer_10: but the secret of doster skis appel is something more than the multitude and thril of his incidents and characters
	layer_12: but the secret of doster skis appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters

file: 6123-59150-0029.flac
expected: mister murry boldly faces the difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_2: mis the m  borl hey paces o difoo uitty and aetempsoiderfronation
	layer_4: mistemarabo they faces e di fiquaty and etempst idefrinition
	layer_6: mister mariybodly faces he didfiquity and attemps the definition
	layer_8: mister mari boardley faces tha diffiquity and attempts te definition
	layer_10: mister marrybodly faces thi difficulty and attempts the defoinition
	layer_12: mister marrybodly faces the diffiqulty and attempts the defoinition

file: 6123-59150-0030.flac
expected: to him dostoevsky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_2: to himt tostis is work is the record of a grat mnd seaking frawa ove la it his mods an a rekouet fe strogl it is whe stroglit sf
	layer_4: to him tostars k is work is the recort of a great mind seeaking for a way of lar it is mordthand a recclt of a strogle it is the strugle et solf
	layer_6: to him thostersk is work is the recort of a great min seeaking for a way of li it is more than a recolt of a struggle it is te struggle itself
	layer_8: to him dhostesk its work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of lie it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_10: to him tosesk is work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of lie it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_12: to him tosesk is work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself

file: 6123-59150-0031.flac
expected: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness
	layer_2: and thos voicses tac sa eonsersion unfogetobl fragwens of dilol thet haveen spokcan by one spirit to a nother in some ougly men taven setin soranding dorknes
	layer_4: and those voices take sayeinsrtan unfargetoble fraguence of di lo that have ein spoken by one spirit to another in some ogly men taven sairt in soroanding darknes
	layer_6: and those voices take sape incertan unforgetable fraguence of dialog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly men taven sert in surounding darkness
	layer_8: and those voices take shape in certan unforgetable fragmente of dialog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean taven sert in surrounding darkness
	layer_10: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness
	layer_12: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness

file: 6123-59150-0032.flac
expected: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_2: otment ly they o the greation snotm a man e disid tod be but ofve stpirit whuich soe to kn
	layer_4: altometly they o the griation snot em aman he disi ed tod be but ov a spirit which sougktto knoo
	layer_6: oltimatly they ar ther creations not av aman ho desired to be but of a spirit which sought to no
	layer_8: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_10: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which s ought to know
	layer_12: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know

file: 6123-59150-0033.flac
expected: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_2: be cosa ra posest they anno lon g e man in wimen
	layer_4: becusl say ra posest they unow longor man and wimen
	layer_6: becue they a possessed they ar kno longer men and women
	layer_8: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_10: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_12: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women

file: 6123-59150-0034.flac
expected: this is all in a measure true
	layer_2: thisis ol n a mag tu
	layer_4: thisis ol in a mag tu
	layer_6: this is all in a meagur thrue
	layer_8: this is all in a measure true
	layer_10: this is all in a measure true
	layer_12: this is all in a measure true

file: 6123-59150-0035.flac
expected: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dostoevsky's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_2: to sathis is not tedenid the sprth a conetent of dosthrschis work the engwishoaof the im prisensoles at bates a dat an t o nieln dhe spr
	layer_4: to say this is not todenyed the sprth a content of dos tha as cis work the enguish aof the imprisen sol as at batoas with dout an tonilein de spare
	layer_6: to say this is not to deniye the spirit ar content of dosteisk his work the enguish of the imprison soul as it battes with doubt and denile an despare
	layer_8: to say this is not to deny the spit a content of dostesk his work the anguish of the imprison soul as it battes with doubt and denyile and despair
	layer_10: to say this is not to deny the spirit or content of dostesk is work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and deniale and despair
	layer_12: to say this is not to deny the spirit or content of dostesk his work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and deniale and despair

file: 6123-59150-0036.flac
expected: there is in dostoevsky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than setebos
	layer_2: therais in gostrsk as a jesion of collebenn trine te d is cor some betad gor thenso tavbos
	layer_4: there is nd dustayasky asa jestion of alleben tring ted iscover some bete gorrd tan eotavos
	layer_6: their is in dustayaske a sugetion of allyban trying to discover some bettergod han setabous
	layer_8: there is in dosteski a suggestion of alliben trying to discover some better god than sir tabls
	layer_10: there is in dosteeski a suggestion of aliben trying to discover some better gord than sirtabas
	layer_12: there is in dosteeski a suggestion of caliben trying to discover some better gord than sirtabos

file: 6123-59150-0037.flac
expected: the ultimate attitude of dostoevsky is as christian as the apostle peter's lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_2: the ot m a adi tud ed dostask isis cristiniss ty aporslpeates lot abelave hot thor ig umbely
	layer_4: the oltomat adicud ef dustai sky is as cristioness the apporsal petes lod a beleaive hop thou migne umbelif
	layer_6: the oltimat aditud of dostarsky is as cristion is the apposcal peters lord i believe helpd theou miht umbelif
	layer_8: the ultirmate attitude of dostesky is as christian as the aposcl peters lord i believe help thou mihte unbelief
	layer_10: the ultimate attitude of dosteski is as christian as the apossal peters lord i believe help thou minte unbelief
	layer_12: the ultimate attitude of dosteski is as christian as the aposal peters lord i believe helpe thou mignt unbelief

file: 6123-59150-0038.flac
expected: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dostoevsky still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_2: and be ong the dok not ae souforaig an desuppading the nit thustirsces o seas tha lat f cristin compesstion
	layer_4: and be ong the dark nit of soforing and disuppeading the night tustair skistil ses thea lit of criscin compation
	layer_6: and beyong the dark night of suffering and dicapaing the night gusterski still sees the light of cristiin compassion
	layer_8: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gausteski still seese the light of christian compassion
	layer_10: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gasteski still seized the light of christian compassion
	layer_12: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gastesky still seized the light of christian compassion

file: 6123-59150-0039.flac
expected: or even by the compassion of others like prince myshkin in the idiot
	layer_2: toravea bythe compassion ofothes a prinse miscon in the adiave
	layer_4: tor avn byther compassion of othes lat princet misican in the idias
	layer_6: or eveng by the compassion of others lack princed mishkan in theidiat
	layer_8: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkan in the idia
	layer_10: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idi
	layer_12: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idia

file: 6123-59150-0040.flac
expected: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_2: his wrk lac hes face brs the mark of this terble conlit
	layer_4: his work lack is face bers the mak of this turble conflet
	layer_6: his work licke his face bers the marck of this terrible conflit
	layer_8: his work like his face bears the marck of this terrible conflit
	layer_10: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_12: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict

file: 6123-59150-0041.flac
expected: the novels are the perfect image of the man
	layer_2: the noveles of the prfeth emeged s he man
	layer_4: the noveles of the perfect emeges ofman
	layer_6: the novels of the perfect emagits of man
	layer_8: the novels are the perfect imegiites of man
	layer_10: the novels are the perfect imiites of man
	layer_12: the novels are the perfect immidites of man

file: 6123-59150-0042.flac
expected: as to the man himself the vicomte de voguee described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_2: as so the man him self the vecomtediv l gay disqivetim mihe sohing in the larsdi ase of his lar
	layer_4: as so the man him self the vecompte divul gay desqrivedthim mits he sor him in the lasdas of his li
	layer_6: as to the man himself the vecomptadival gay descrived him as hes saw him in the last dears of his life
	layer_8: as to the man himself the vicomptadivalge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_10: as to the man himself the vicomptedivalge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_12: as to the man himself the vicomptedivalge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life

file: 6123-59150-0043.flac
expected: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_2: men ye begame exiated on a seiten pint when couldif sworen that wone a sainin befo si tear ad bention apolacecot wating chil or mongbage blncee pas thet time beging bitfoar the prisan doors
	layer_4: when he begame excited on a saitan point whene could hivf swarn that one ad sinin be fo sete a a bention a polacecoht a wading thrile or  mong bagablonce epss theat time beging before the prisen ds
	layer_6: when he became excited on ha sertain point hon could have swarn that one had seening befor seeted on abention a policstcourt awaiting tril or among baggarblance he passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_8: when he became excited on a certain point on could have sworn that one had seen himg before seated on a benchi in a policecourt a waiting trial or among baggarbons he passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_10: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabons he passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_12: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagarblons whe passed their time begging before the prison doors

file: 6123-59150-0044.flac
expected: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old slavonic saints
	layer_2: at alo the tms he cariy that loo coo sard an gento meaktnes san on the miges ifvold s tofvanix as
	layer_4: atd oaloethe times he carry that lookoof sard and gentl mekness sane on the amages of olds tofvon ix canes
	layer_6: at allov ther times whe carried that look of sard and gentl makness seen on the images of oldstovonic ceints
	layer_8: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meakness seen on the imagers of old stavonic saints
	layer_10: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meakness seen on the images of old savonic saints
	layer_12: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meakness seen on the images of old stavonic saints

file: 6123-59150-0045.flac
expected: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind dostoevsky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_2: thassepoatched of the man one sas ther hined osirsches nols he porch ut en mi le mysaving rd fron thenoles
	layer_4: thadsteportud of the man one ses the hind osairscis nols eporc it ene might olmo savin erd from the novles
	layer_6: bas the portude of the man one cees the hindosairskis novels apporthet whon might almost have infird from the novles
	layer_8: bat i the porchure of the man one sees behind dostaski's novels a porcthert one might almost have infered from the novels
	layer_10: bhas the portarte of the man one sees behind osteski's novels a portrait one might almost have infered from the novels
	layer_12: bhats the portrate of the man one sees behind ostesky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels

file: 6123-59150-0046.flac
expected: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_2: it is i fagit that at onse fasinat seendrrpels
	layer_4: it is if fiegof that at once fassinates endrepels
	layer_6: it is a figr that it once facinates endrepells
	layer_8: it is a figr that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_10: it is a figur that it once fascinates and repells
	layer_12: it is a figur that it once fascinates and repells

file: 6123-59186-0000.flac
expected: he is not by temperament a singer
	layer_2: he s not betemprme tho singa
	layer_4: he as not by tempfromen to singa
	layer_6: he is not by tempromen to singe
	layer_8: he is not by temprament a singar
	layer_10: he is not by temperament to singar
	layer_12: he is not by temperament o singar

file: 6123-59186-0001.flac
expected: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and storm
	layer_2: his mas ik eos e stisemoe ose un d iden ly mash te gen s his consiusness of nid nat im stl
	layer_4: his masa cis he stilsmovf is unaveenly match togainse his consiousness of midnot an sto
	layer_6: his masicis a still smal of ois unevenly matched against his cunsciousness of midnat and stoll
	layer_8: his mosick is a still small f oice unavinly matched against his conciousness of midnight and stole
	layer_10: his music is a still small voice unavenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stolm
	layer_12: hise music is a still small voice unavenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stolm

file: 6123-59186-0002.flac
expected: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_2: tr ate to tel misther hirdis nei thesu fithiont ly utticulr nos ofpicientli fo sitius to be ad grat poit
	layer_4: troas totell misto hardis ne the siffitiontly utticulit nors of piciently fo stitious to be a great poit
	layer_6: truth to tell mister hardy is ne the sufficiently articulat nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poit
	layer_8: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fistidious to be a great poet
	layer_10: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_12: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet

file: 6123-59186-0003.flac
expected: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_2: hiet as not express lafh isily in betofwa wrd so an emiges
	layer_4: he dis not expresst lith asily in butofor word sor an emiges
	layer_6: he does not expresse life eazirly in butifulr words are an images
	layer_8: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or an emages
	layer_10: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or an images
	layer_12: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or an images

file: 6123-59186-0004.flac
expected: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_2: thou s he wrat sen afand her atter of oewho
	layer_4: thuse he rat sin i faund her atter of one who
	layer_6: thus he rits in i fund her atter of one who
	layer_8: thus he rites in i found her at ter of one who
	layer_10: thus he writes in i found her at ter of one who
	layer_12: thus he writes in i found her atter of one who

file: 6123-59186-0005.flac
expected: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic exaggeration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_2: the could nopin ugland wopresa oetsigeration these comtand in the amyginelous lon
	layer_4: the could not ban ugliyan wol presa cout saudgeration thense containd in the amigeintelost lone
	layer_6: the could not be an ugli and wil prosayacud seduration theneis contind in the image in the last lane
	layer_8: there could not be an ugli and will prosecate saduration that is contained in the immage in the last lin
	layer_10: there could not be an uglyer and more preseyecadxagduration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_12: there could not be an uglyer and more preseicod aguration than is contained in the image in the last line

file: 6123-59186-0006.flac
expected: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_2: and prosin tuds in the ctirs of wrd es welles in emites
	layer_4: and proseintruds in the teoce of wrd as wellers in emiges
	layer_6: and pros in drds in the tocse of words as wellos and images
	layer_8: and prosin jrdes in the toic of words as well as in images
	layer_10: and prosin trudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_12: and prosin drudes in the choice of words as well as in images

file: 6123-59186-0007.flac
expected: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_2: takforoxempln theaso th o werd domasld in the pasigin the same pon matur
	layer_4: take for xempln theusi the werd domasild in the passegin the same po obhout
	layer_6: take for example the uc of the word domasild in the passage in the same polm o at
	layer_8: take for example the use of the word domisiled in the passage in the same polm abut
	layer_10: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_12: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same polem about

file: 6123-59186-0008.flac
expected: when we as strangers sought their catering care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_2: whun westrange sote tha catering car veldsmls bespit ther hrt of wiat wy lar
	layer_4: when wes stranges surght their caterin caer vold smils bespoke ther thourt of wat we wer
	layer_6: when we s stranges sought their catering care vaild smiles bespok their thought of what we wer
	layer_8: when wes stranges sought their cater ing care vailed smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_10: when we s strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_12: when wes strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were

file: 6123-59186-0009.flac
expected: catering care is an appalling phrase
	layer_2: catering caris ind apoling ras
	layer_4: catering care is ind apolling fras
	layer_6: catering car is an a palling fras
	layer_8: catering care is an appalling fraze
	layer_10: cater ing care is an appalling pfraze
	layer_12: catering care is an appalling praze

file: 6123-59186-0010.flac
expected: is a line of good poetry
	layer_2: isa lin of cued poihy
	layer_4: is alin of gud polity
	layer_6: is a line of good poloty
	layer_8: is a line of good poetry
	layer_10: is a lin of good poetry
	layer_12: is a line of good poetry

file: 6123-59186-0011.flac
expected: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet less for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that high compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope hour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_2: ye did not com and motting time jorn and wal my nom yat los felostodeu dy a presencs ther then thit ar vousfan lackinen oa make that hicompasson lwhich conoveef er wey luctans toe prl loving cinis sak greavede when is the her baustro tit som yea did no com
	layer_4: yoa did not com and mutching time jreon and wae my nonm yat lose felost of you dea presence thir then that i vusfan lacking inyoo mak bthat hire compassion which conove a ver re luctance fe pul loving cines sake greved y when has the heobourstro tit soum you did no come
	layer_6: you did not come and muching time drew on and wal me knoum yet los for lost of your dea presence there then that i vhus fan lacking in your make bhat hihe compassion which can over ber reluctance fopour loving kindess sake grieved ie when as the hoborastroed its som you did not come
	layer_8: yo did not come and maching time drew on and war me knum yet los for lost of your dear presence there then that i thus fond lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved iye when as the hopea strokhed its sum you did not come
	layer_10: yoe did not come and marching time drew on and war me num yet loss for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope owr stroked its sumb yoeu did not come
	layer_12: ye did not come and marching time drew on and war me num yet loss for loss of your dear presence ther than that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope ow stroked its sumb yoeu did not come

file: 6123-59186-0012.flac
expected: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases like in your make and as the hope hour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_2: ther hin s of the grenstil of leveat polichr n nthes lins but fas es luck inu mak end isthe hopep l str tit som a disculse the pr hat tomblin to the livles of be tory an comentlise
	layer_4: there hins of the grandstile of lirerit poctry in thes lins but frases lock anu make and is the hop ol strockdit som a discos that bereiat tomblin to the livles of itc toryan comentlace
	layer_6: ther a hincse of the grand stile of liric potry in these linds but frasers luck inour make and as the hope olrstroked it sum a discours that bringet tumbling to the levels of ictoriand commonplace
	layer_8: there ae hintcs of the grand style of liric poetry in these lines but phrases luck in you'l make and as the hope our stroked its sum a discoue that bring it tumbling to the levels of ictorian commonplace
	layer_10: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phraises lick in your make and as the hope our stroked its sumb a discorse that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_12: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but praises lick in your make and as the hope owr stroked its sumb a discourse that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace

file: 6123-59186-0013.flac
expected: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_2: he has a temprment sencidide be on thut ofe olbut a feratan rate sto the pain impasion of hem an bens
	layer_4: he has wa temprment sencitive beon dhat of olbut aferestant riagtes to the paine impasion of heman bens
	layer_6: he has atemproment sensitive beon that of albut a few riecsant rites to the pain inpassion of human bns
	layer_8: he has a temperiment sensitive beyond that of all but a fuw recent writers to the pain and passion of human beans
	layer_10: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_12: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings

file: 6123-59186-0014.flac
expected: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late cristina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue and the bust to name a few
	layer_2: on culdmremembe pall of to pall of hies wit the thaime that myt asily have srd foo mistor hrdy te lae ristenor the lost mistrus the lust rid tigether the stet siu in the bust to nam e f
	layer_4: one culn remembepall of te pal of his witht e theme that migh easily have serves fro mis to hardy to lat cresteener the lost misstres the lust ried togther the statsheu in the bust to name of feu
	layer_6: one can remember palme after palm of his with a them that might easily have served for mister hardy two late cristina the lost mysteress the last rid together the stactuin the bust to name a few
	layer_8: one can remember palm after paulm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy two late chrystina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue ind the bust to name a few
	layer_10: one can remember paulm after paulm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few
	layer_12: one can remember paulm after paulm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue ind the bust to name a few

file: 6123-59186-0015.flac
expected: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_2: but whutisens of chilmp theiris ind branins tagedes
	layer_4: but whlt icence of chiump theres and brownins tragides
	layer_6: but what a sene of chiump thereis and brownins tragitis
	layer_8: but what a sense of chiump there is in brownigs tragitis
	layer_10: but what a sense of thriump there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_12: but what a sense of thriumph there is in browning's tragedies

file: 6123-59186-0016.flac
expected: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_2: his werldt is a placof opulence nout opo tity
	layer_4: his weld is applace of opulence not af povity
	layer_6: his wellid is a place of apulence not if povity
	layer_8: his woelld is a place of allpulence not of povity
	layer_10: his wold is a place of opulence not of povity
	layer_12: his world is a place of opulence not of povity

file: 6123-59186-0017.flac
expected: to have loved even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_2: t hav lo dhodenfran o is with broning toliv forevrofter in ean hertancso e my achevement
	layer_4: to have lobdiden for an oww is with brownning to live foreverafter ine ein heritence of e mit achevement
	layer_6: to have lob dluden for an oauar is with brownning to lived for ever after in the inheritance of a migty achievement
	layer_8: to have lobed liden for an hour is with brownning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_10: to have loved iden for an hour is with brownning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_12: to have loved iden for an hour is with brownning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement

file: 6123-59186-0018.flac
expected: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_2: tove lod fran owar is in mis the hiies a mentionation thavb dapen the savdnes ivenmor thin the beaty of oncs memris
	layer_4: to af loge for an owir s in miste hiris amengination to havbe dapend the sadness even more than the buty of oncememoris
	layer_6: to have loed for an hour is in mister hirdy's amagination to have depened the sadness even more than the bauty of on'e memoris
	layer_8: to have loved for an hour is in mister hary's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memoris
	layer_10: to have loved for an hour is in mister hagdy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_12: to have loved for an hour is in mister hagdy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories

file: 6123-59186-0019.flac
expected: for then i undistrest by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_2: for then y un distrest be hauts gron colld to me could lornlhy wraite mand thes res withthecuinimity
	layer_4: for then  undistrest by harts gon cold to me could lonly wrate m and thes rest with he cenimity
	layer_6: for then i undistresst by hearts growng colled to me could lonly wrat may enthes rest with equinimity
	layer_8: for then i undistressed by hearts growing colld to me could lonly wrate my enders rest with equinimity
	layer_10: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wat my endles rest with equinimity
	layer_12: for then i undistressed by heart's growing cold to me could lonely wat my endless rest with equinimity

file: 6123-59186-0020.flac
expected: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragile frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_2: bu time to make me greve pot stils let's pat o bid and shakx this frgjo frame at eve wi trobings of nantrd
	layer_4: but time to make me greve put stils let's part afbiede and shakes this fago frayme at eve weth throbings of nwntid
	layer_6: but time to make me grieve part steils lets part ofbid and shakes this fragau fram at eve with throbbings of nontid
	layer_8: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fragal frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_10: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fragil frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_12: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fragal frame at eave with throbbings of noontide

file: 6123-59186-0021.flac
expected: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen
	layer_2: and dispris by no mains tyoumtents in wootis be has the mos ther chractyv e or misste hrdis plnms theokon
	layer_4: and disparys by no meins thra unfante in wad is berhaps the most e chreactive of ar mysto heird is ponms the oxson
	layer_6: and dispairis by no means tryunmhant in ward is perhaps the most ar tractive of al mister hird is pons the oxon
	layer_8: and despairis by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardis polms the oxon
	layer_10: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hrdys polms the oxon
	layer_12: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poms the oxon

file: 6123-59186-0022.flac
expected: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their strawy pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_2: yepiched tha mak mol craces werehadrelto this tory pen nodet et aparto one ofusthar to dout the wa nealling then
	layer_4: woe picald the mak mol creeatches wer they drel tin this dory pen nor didet aperto one of ust ther to dout ther wanealing then
	layer_6: we pitchred the mak mile creates where they drelt in this dory pen nor did id apparto one of us there to dubt therghwe nealing then
	layer_8: woepictured the makmiled creatures where they dwelt in thei s jory pen nor did it appar tor one of us there to doubt they we nealing then
	layer_10: we pictured the meak mild creatures where they dwelt in thei story pen nor did it acpear to one of us there to doubt there were kneeling then
	layer_12: we pictured the meak mild creatures where they dwealt in thei storry pen nor did it accer to one of us there to doubt there were kneeling then

file: 6123-59186-0023.flac
expected: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_2: the meadter fayte hellio orrother of d lit in thememery oaf fath his not mis to hrdis prvayling md
	layer_4: the meda fate hel veer or rather of delight in the memery of fath is not mis to hird is prvailing mod
	layer_6: the modif fate heever or rather of delight in the memoryorf fath is not mister hid is prvailing mood
	layer_8: the mod of faite however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hidis prevailing mood
	layer_10: the mod of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hydy's prevailing mood
	layer_12: the mood of fathe however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hydy's prevailing mood

file: 6123-59186-0024.flac
expected: he can enter upon a war without ironical doubts as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_2: he coln enterpon oa wle withart o rony cwul dus as whe s in the song men he mochhoay
	layer_4: he coun enter apon a wa wih thout arune quuld doxks has we se in the sonmg men who mautch hoay
	layer_6: he can enter upon a warl withthout aronnicwud duks as we see in the sug men who mach away
	layer_8: he can enter upon a wal without ironniqa duks as we see in the som men who marche away
	layer_10: he can enter upon a wall without ironicua duks as we see in the som men who march away
	layer_12: he can enter upon a wall without ironiqua duks as we see in the som men who march away

file: 6123-59186-0025.flac
expected: how long he cries in a poem written some years ago
	layer_2: how long hecrirs in apog witen soe msagoor
	layer_4: how long he cris in a pong riten soe meauc ago
	layer_6: how long he crieds in apon retten some mes a go
	layer_8: how long he crieds in apon retten some mears ago
	layer_10: how long he crieds in a pol wretten some years ago
	layer_12: how long he crieds in a polm wretten some years ago

file: 6123-59186-0026.flac
expected: when shall the saner softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism grown godlike scorn to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_2: wem to the sainas softepollets wr of wejme have sway inach proudland and patalt is im gron gardluk scon thosdand bone slave to roms but sercl er thanses
	layer_4: wen tal the sainas softa polities were of wedrame have sway ineach proud land and patuaedt is an gron gordluck scong te sdend bon slaved to roms but serkl ert than sets
	layer_6: when sathe sainer softor polities where afwe dream have sway in each proud land and patruet is n gron godlac scorned o stand bon slaved to rams but circl arth and sets
	layer_8: when chathe saner softer polities wherel we dream have sway in each proud land and patritism growing godlack scorned to stand bon slave to ralms but circle earth and seats
	layer_10: when shall the sanor softer polities whereo we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlack scorned to stand bon slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_12: when shall the sanor softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlack scorne to stand bon slave to realms but circle earth and seas

file: 6123-59186-0027.flac
expected: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relatives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_2: buper haps his crtoristeg ater ched to worris to gbefund not in lanseac las but i that mel ancally pom the sols ofs the slain hin which thesos of the ded soges wetento ther cunty and queston a seinorssolime his theharthi frens n velites had cet thed douty dhading er membence
	layer_4: bu perhaps his carctoristig adiched to wars to befound notd in lins leic ltes but in that mellencoly pome the sos ofs the slain in which the sose of the ded soges wetento their contry and question a seeniour soflame was to hawetheir friens ind rellites haf kep thaie douty dads in re memberence
	layer_6: but perhaps his caractorestic atituestof wars to be found not inlins like thes but in that melancolly pome the souls of the slan in which the soles of the dead solgers returned to their country and question aseniour soflame wis to how their friends an relities have kept theire doubty deds in rememberance
	layer_8: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war s to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy pome the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country and question ascenia sol flame as to how their friends and relaties have kept their doubty deeds in remembrance
	layer_10: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy pom the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question asenia soul flame as to how their friends and relaties have kept their doubty deeds in remembrance
	layer_12: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy pom the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question aseniar sol flame as to how their friends and relaties have kept their doubty deeds in remembrance

file: 6123-59186-0028.flac
expected: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_2: and gen hel hod art he s wed huts swon oillis dos
	layer_4: and genr hell hod out he swed houts swn lail is dos
	layer_6: and general hel hod out er sweetherts sworn lyl is does
	layer_8: and general hel hold out heur sweet harts sworn lyl as doves
	layer_10: and general helhold out her sweethearts sworn lyal as does
	layer_12: and general helhold out her sweethearts sworn looyal as does

file: 6123-59186-0029.flac
expected: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_2: some ficland flathartse a frundthe n los
	layer_4: soe ficl an flet harts af found the new loes
	layer_6: some ficl and fleethearts a found them new loves
	layer_8: some fikle ind fleet hearts hae found them new loves
	layer_10: some fickle in fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_12: some fickle in fleet hearts have found them new loves

file: 6123-59186-0030.flac
expected: and our wives quoth another resignedly dwell they on our deeds
	layer_2: and e wis quithinnother res unedly dll don a ds
	layer_4: and i wives quithen other resunedly dol dtayun oadeage
	layer_6: and i wives quith another resainedly dol dey on oudeds
	layer_8: and o wives quith another resinedly dodeay on our deeds
	layer_10: and our wives quoth another resinedly duldeyon our deds
	layer_12: and our wives quoth another resinedly dulde on our deds

file: 6123-59186-0031.flac
expected: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_2: is the hidy has toee biterrisent o fre aloit to bld mut thin the clory  o fl
	layer_4: este heirdy has too beterasence of realoty to belee mutchin the glory of a
	layer_6: is te hirdy has two biterasense of reality to beliede much in the glory of war
	layer_8: ister hardiy has too bitter a cens of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_10: mister hgdiy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_12: mister hardiy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war

file: 6123-59186-0032.flac
expected: the real world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_2: thivrr wel to mistoe hirdy is the wrold of ncton him anthings in which or has come to by htiu se rell ofvhents
	layer_4: the vrrweld to misto heardy is the wold of antont haman things in which ae has come to bey headyuserellofvenc
	layer_6: the rearwell to mister harty is the wold of enstient human things in which ware has come to be ahidius irelevencs
	layer_8: the rearwealld to mister hardy is the world of anient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevence
	layer_10: the rear world to mister hardiy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevence
	layer_12: the rear world to mister hardiy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevence

file: 6123-59186-0033.flac
expected: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's poems about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_2: i may tot an the ovee han that mistr hordi's pons bout wal and nem morxpresse o chardgy fetuity that his pons a bout lov
	layer_4: it maby tourt un the otar hend that misto herd eds pons bout wa adnomor expresstie of thradgic fetoity that his pons about love
	layer_6: it may be thought on the over hand that mis ter hid is polns bout wal a kno more expressive of tragic fetility that his polns about love
	layer_8: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardis polns about war a no more expressive of tragic futility that his polms about love
	layer_10: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardi's polms about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poms about love
	layer_12: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardi's polms about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poms about love

file: 6123-59186-0034.flac
expected: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both
	layer_2: fetoatein fustration  evere recery thems in go
	layer_4: fhetolity an frostration ar ever recaryn thmes ind boh
	layer_6: fatility in frostration a ever recaring thems in both
	layer_8: fatility and frustration are ever reqaring theeams in both
	layer_10: fatility and frustration are ever requiring themes in both
	layer_12: fatility and frustration are ever requiring themes in both

file: 6123-59186-0035.flac
expected: his lovers like his soldiers rot in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_2: heis lovhos lae hei soges wrotin te groid dofated of the gory
	layer_4: heis loves lack hi soges rout in the groaed defeted of ther gory
	layer_6: his lovers lack his soldies rout in the grad defeeted of their goy
	layer_8: his lovers lick his soldiers wrout in the grae defeated of their glory
	layer_10: his lovers like his soldiers wrout in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_12: his lovers like his soldiers wrot in the grave defeated of their glory

file: 6123-59186-0036.flac
expected: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_2: loe wis art awad sivhed bohin lie andindet
	layer_4: lovas ar alwayse sevad bothin lie anddindeth
	layer_6: loveas are always sevrd boath in life and indeth
	layer_8: lovers are always seavred both in life and in death
	layer_10: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_12: lovers are always severed both in life and in death

file: 6123-59186-0037.flac
expected: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_2: in beon dhelus tenp we havd the same monfrl cri of the seivrence
	layer_4: in beon de lus temp we have the same mon fur crie of the severeance
	layer_6: in beyonderlast tamp we have the same monful cry ovther severence
	layer_8: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mornful cry ovever severence
	layer_10: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mornful cry over severence
	layer_12: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mornful cry over severence

file: 6123-59186-0038.flac
expected: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal on to yours one robin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_2: nor sadeaf piny cu e trao tor whil erthinjrs be for an my mound and betin thel stil antyrs on roben nea hort at gran coicus
	layer_4: no shade ovfe piny cu a tre oa tow wile erth en jos wlee forl an my mound and betin the ol i stil undto yars one roben never hornt at to gren covatus
	layer_6: no shade of pinicoul  tree o tower while earth an jus will foll an my mound and bithin the our still unto yurs one robon never hont our two green covrtues
	layer_8: no shade of pinicole or tree or tower while earth en jus will fallen my mound and buthin the hour still unto yoours one robin never haunt oaure two green covertules
	layer_10: no shade of pinnicool or tree or tower while earth and jaws will fall on my mound and within the hour still unto yours one robin never haunt our two green coverties
	layer_12: no shade of pinnicol or tree or tower while earth and jaws will fall on my mound and within the hour still unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covercis

file: 6123-59186-0039.flac
expected: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_2: the brin hus faced t ef fase witha n excirans intencerf than or ine
	layer_4: they bring as face tof face with an expiranc intencerf than or one
	layer_6: they bring us face tof face with an experence intense than our own
	layer_8: they bring us face to flace with an experience intensive than our own
	layer_10: they bring us face to face with an experience intensie than our own
	layer_12: they bring us face to face with an experience intensie than our own

file: 6123-59186-0040.flac
expected: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corpse like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullest of dull hued days
	layer_2: nofhing ha tineus wert hav iveot ponded pland no om thing oskin blame l pras si s thepaill coo su bert of thistrnal unats bering blrenk sinal att ras dellest of dell he das
	layer_4: nohing of tinious erth have i rought ponded plaend no one ting uskin blame l pras sins the pale courck suk burthk of thistir n a yunt bering blenk sinl ats ras dolest of dellhrd das
	layer_6: nothing of tinious orth have i eraught upondered pland no one thing asking blame ol prais since the parl coarksik birth of thistyn ar unute baring blanksin al ats rais dullist of dullhed days
	layer_8: nothing of tiniest wirth have i wrought ponded pland no one thing asking blame or prais since the pal co like birth of this dirnal unite bearing blanks in all its rays dullist of dulhued days
	layer_10: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered plant no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal corx like birth of this dina unete bearing blanks in all its rais dulest of dulhued days
	layer_12: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered pland no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal corxs like birth of this dinal unete bearing blanks in all its rais dulest of dulhued days

file: 4153-186223-0000.flac
expected: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_2: in one conmr of te litlerm canit forbs sqwhatred aone abenge wuthan emty pbine bokxs hasd calisly in his la
	layer_4: in wone coner of thelittle rom can ith forbs squater upone apench with an emty pinboks has carlisly in his la
	layer_6: in one conder of the little room canith forbs squated upon a pench with a empty pin boxs has carelesly in his la
	layer_8: in one cornner of the little room kennet forbs squated upon a pench with an empty pine box hasd carelessly in his lap
	layer_10: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbs squated upon a bench with an empty pine box had carelessly in his lap
	layer_12: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobs squated upon a bench with an empty pine box had carelessly in his lap

file: 4153-186223-0001.flac
expected: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pencil but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_2: wy donkin wokt the bi was bise wit his pence but ni the hadtspookonforates a harf ar
	layer_4: whyedunkin woked the boy was bisy with his penses but ni the had spok en for atliesed a hah ar
	layer_6: whi dunkin woked the boy was busy with his penses but neither had spoken for atleased ta half ar
	layer_8: while unkin woked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for atlezed a half aur
	layer_10: while dunkin woked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half our
	layer_12: while dunkin woked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half or

file: 4153-186223-0002.flac
expected: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_2: then riding stoly oup the headt bardo drord his trubes bonse morne asal him and hyo wonlrd of thit was notsomet wate aon the rodt it to wich hecol li fo retibend an trir the gos had left a must fo qod
	layer_4: then rieing sloly oup the head s bad or drod his troubers once moeta sale him and he ondr of there was not somes pwhat a one the brod ur to which he kouo fli for retivwent un tl the gores had left and yuset focoud
	layer_6: then riding sloly up the head porder road his trublers once moret as saile him and he wondred of there was not somes pwat upon the brod urp to which he could fli for atient until the gurls had left elmust for good
	layer_8: then riding slowly up the headhboderd road his trubls once more ossailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earph to which he could fly for atient until the girls had left elmust for good
	layer_10: then riding slowly up the headge bodered road his trubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for atyeent until the girls had left elmast for good
	layer_12: then riding slowly up the headge bordered road his trubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for atyment until the girls had left elmast for good

file: 4153-186223-0003.flac
expected: nora shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him
	layer_2: noa shid and heu lop thopteod dis coer that he had meinly on thoun of be destiim uastoutat a man withe bonedlundr hi thom who herl d oup one hand as af to woald esti
	layer_4: norr a shid and he lookethupte tiscover lhat he had mrly edun toun of p idestian astoutlet le man with a bundlundrer his om who heald up one hand as af te ward est him
	layer_6: no r a shide and he looked apto discover that he had nearly rund down o pidestrian a stout little mand with a bundlunder his am who held up onehand as if to warrest him
	layer_8: nora shid and he looked ap to discover that he had nerly run down a pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to warrest him
	layer_10: nora shied and he looked ap to discover that he had merly run down a pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to woresst him
	layer_12: nora shied and he looked ap to discover that he had merly run down a pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arresst him

file: 4153-186223-0004.flac
expected: where do you want to go asked the boy
	layer_2: bed you ntocwor as the bon
	layer_4: bed you nto cgoa asd the bo
	layer_6: bet you want to gall asked the boy
	layer_8: bedyou want to gal asked the boy
	layer_10: be do you want to ca asked the boy
	layer_12: bedo you want to co asked the boy

file: 4153-186223-0005.flac
expected: then it's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_2: than is te saime gine is iver heleis ponded wit the shake of has grisottd ha
	layer_4: thenis the same jaine his ivar he lesponded with a shake of his grisiled had
	layer_6: then is the same jane his ever he lesponded with a shak of his grisiled head
	layer_8: then i's the same jane as ever he esponded with a shake of his grizzeled head
	layer_10: than i's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizled head
	layer_12: than i's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head

file: 4153-186223-0006.flac
expected: do you know i sort o hoped she'd reformed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_2: the ano i sont a horpe sheteformd and ia begladas e hor agim the thory shus goof mony
	layer_4: the unow i soune a horped shep toeformd and i begladdasy her agaim theyt ta me shes gofh mony
	layer_6: the o kno i sone a hop shep teformed and i' beggladas e her agan thy tel me shes gote money
	layer_8: doyou now i son a hoe shep reformed and i'd biglad osee her again they teld me she's got money
	layer_10: do you know i sawn a hope sheep peformed and i'd beg glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_12: do you know i sawn a hope sheep performed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money

file: 4153-186223-0007.flac
expected: aunt jane's rich aunt jane
	layer_2: antins rich un je
	layer_4: ontins rich unti
	layer_6: anten's bwrich antin
	layer_8: aunthns which ounten
	layer_10: an tans wich anten
	layer_12: an tans wich anten

file: 4153-186223-0008.flac
expected: echoed the man quickly what's your name lad
	layer_2: i or the myn qrily wht ul nam lu
	layer_4: ecore the man critly wht ou nam la
	layer_6: cour the man crectly whut you namdlad
	layer_8: ecored the man crictly what you name lad
	layer_10: ecoed the man qrikly what your named lad
	layer_12: echoed the man qrikly wat you named lad

file: 4153-186223-0009.flac
expected: don't like girls i take it
	layer_2: do mi gusitiket
	layer_4: don my gos idiket
	layer_6: don' my gus i dakit
	layer_8: don't my gus i dick it
	layer_10: don't my gus i dick it
	layer_12: don't my gus i dick it

file: 4153-186223-0010.flac
expected: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_2: a noather lon wis thand the boy soadenledrnd ques no
	layer_4: another long is then the boy suddnlytond queshno
	layer_6: another long fas then the boy suddenly tuned queshtnow
	layer_8: another long ase then the boy suddenly turned questona
	layer_10: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questionr
	layer_12: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questinar

file: 4153-186223-0011.flac
expected: you know aunt miss merrick sir
	layer_2: e youl no on ut mis maik er
	layer_4: you kno on at mis maric se
	layer_6: you know an a mismeric sar
	layer_8: you know an miss maric sir
	layer_10: you know an  miss maric sir
	layer_12: you know an  miss maric sir

file: 4153-186223-0012.flac
expected: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_2: i yousto wend me brborth yunthr
	layer_4: i yousto when we bv oat yungher
	layer_6: a usto when we ber both younger
	layer_8: i usto when we ere both younger
	layer_10: a usto when we were both younger
	layer_12: a usto when we were both younger

file: 4153-186223-0013.flac
expected: kenneth stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with a whimsical smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_2: gan it stope short and the masdot ad th licanman withe waime ho goots mill ad the boryse as tonithmen asestot
	layer_4: gain it stop shatd and the mastoped and te licn man with e wame s o goot smyleat the boyse astonishmente alserst ot
	layer_6: ganit stop shord and the marsdoped and the litle man with he wamstha good smile at the boys as tonishment alsestoed
	layer_8: gennit stopped shod and the ma stopped and the little man with a wim a god smile at the boy's astonishment alse stopped
	layer_10: kennet stopped shoed and the ma stopped and the little man with a wamt a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_12: kennet stopped shoped and the ma stopped and the little man with a wames a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped

file: 4153-186223-0014.flac
expected: john merrick that's me
	layer_2: jone me tik thut me
	layer_4: jone melhik that me
	layer_6: jon melic that me
	layer_8: john medic that me
	layer_10: john medic that me
	layer_12: john medic that me

file: 4153-186223-0015.flac
expected: you were the tinsmith
	layer_2: you wast a dens met
	layer_4: you was a dens met
	layer_6: you was a tensmet
	layer_8: you was a tensmat
	layer_10: you was a tensmath
	layer_12: you was a tensmat

file: 4153-186223-0016.flac
expected: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merrick
	layer_2: thi cepcracka herv b gou she sudny becimlich and a grat yaity and bharp was as afrising thing tor hap of tom meick
	layer_4: thi captrackf herb cos she sudeny bekame rich and a greatlady and bhat was a sa rizing thing to hap it to om meli
	layer_6: the kep track of herbecur she suddeny became wrich and a grat lady and that was a supprizing thing to hapi to a meic
	layer_8: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happe to ameic
	layer_10: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a mellic
	layer_12: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a meic

file: 4153-186223-0017.flac
expected: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_2: thin your lat tor don the man graforlly i thort ali lexasae wild do me gord but bis  re my har seem le thrty to me
	layer_4: than our lad titon the man credfolly i toghte lit lexie wuld dto me god but tis hree mye has sem lec tarty to me
	layer_6: tank youre lad riton the man cratfully i thought a littl exsice would do me good but this ree mie has seeme like tharty to me
	layer_8: thank your lad returned the man craefully i thought a little execise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_10: thank your lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_12: thank your lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me

file: 4153-186223-0018.flac
expected: i will said the man
	layer_2: i wet said the man
	layer_4: i wil said the man
	layer_6: i will said the man
	layer_8: i will said the man
	layer_10: i will said the man
	layer_12: i will said the man

file: 4153-186223-0019.flac
expected: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_2: the boi toon d awy but in a momenthoalte t egen
	layer_4: the boythund a wa but ina moment hlte t again
	layer_6: the boy thurnd awa but in a moment hlt again
	layer_8: the boy turned away but in a moment hllted again
	layer_10: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_12: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again

file: 4153-186223-0020.flac
expected: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_2: hits intrest on this jins brother jone was extrodnoty
	layer_4: his interestin tis jins brother jon was excrodinery
	layer_6: his interest in mis gins brother jeon was excrodinary
	layer_8: his interestind mis jane's brother jeohn was excrordinary
	layer_10: his interest in mis janes brother john was extraordinary
	layer_12: his interest in miss janes brother john was extraaordinary

file: 4153-186222-0000.flac
expected: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child
	layer_2: blers dlit thinge in thisqwart rlemtsr so ime me as wod be lent foit the uoachded
	layer_4: leselittltenger in this quatlemsur so ime me as wid be flent fwith the poirt chied
	layer_6: pres little danger in this quartrlemsiure so i me as wolt be frend fwith the porchied
	layer_8: tetsd little danger in this quartr lem sure so i mia as wellt be friend with the por chidsd
	layer_10: rthe's little danger in this quarter am sure so i may as wel be friends with the por childd
	layer_12: rtere's little danger in this quater am sure so i may as well be friend with the poor childd

file: 4153-186222-0001.flac
expected: ah why not
	layer_2: ai no
	layer_4: a wy no
	layer_6: a why kno
	layer_8: a why no
	layer_10: a why not
	layer_12: a why not

file: 4153-186222-0002.flac
expected: beth hesitated
	layer_2: ma esitie
	layer_4: mat esitite
	layer_6: met hesitated
	layer_8: mat hesitated
	layer_10: math hesitated
	layer_12: mat hesitated

file: 4153-186222-0003.flac
expected: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_2: the leter aste me to vis ater was the fust i have everhaseetolrmmer
	layer_4: the letar asting me to visittor was the first i have everaceepdoro her
	layer_6: the leter asing meto visit her was the first i have ever receeped rom her
	layer_8: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_10: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_12: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her

file: 4153-186222-0004.flac
expected: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_2: but sn sheasme tof vis it her we jud she had s ofed and migte mhishdto becomveny andtoaxeptot the inidation
	layer_4: but sin she as me t o visit her we jut she had s ofend and might wrishd a becomfenty and tawaxepte the initation
	layer_6: but sin she ased me to visit her we juge she had s offtened and might wishe to becomefenly and o axcepte the invitation
	layer_8: but since she askd me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become fendy and to  accepted the invitation
	layer_10: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become frensy and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_12: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become frenzy and so i accepted the invitation

file: 4153-186222-0005.flac
expected: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_2: swr le to gise wal heavel best i timein thisore me ord pleise than one could haveloen
	layer_4: shly do gise wal havel betr im in this lo le or ples than one could havalon
	layer_6: swrely to gaus will have a better im in this lonly olplace thand one could have a lon
	layer_8: sarly togrs will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_10: srly two girs wi'll have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_12: srely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone

file: 4153-186222-0006.flac
expected: oh yes she has corrected louise
	layer_2: or yu sh hens col ecto deets
	layer_4: oyes she has clectd lees
	layer_6: o yes she has colected tewes
	layer_8: oh yes she has collected louis
	layer_10: oh yes she has collected louise
	layer_12: oh yes she has collected louise

file: 4153-186222-0007.flac
expected: you mean patricia doyle yes
	layer_2: you mein but lshad do yes
	layer_4: you mein putresha doy yes
	layer_6: you mean puttriciar doil yes
	layer_8: you mean patricia dol yes
	layer_10: you mean patricia dol yes
	layer_12: you mean patricia doil yes

file: 4153-186222-0008.flac
expected: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth calmly
	layer_2: than me mnacontlorld she left ort of the alingent said bet com
	layer_4: then we na contlod she left out of the arlingement said beth com
	layer_6: then we na contlord she left out of the aringement said beth come
	layer_8: then we may conclode shes left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_10: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_12: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come

file: 4153-186222-0009.flac
expected: you'll fight for your chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_2: yo wa fi  e atrorn cance and sfit mihty hard
	layer_4: you wal fiede feur onchonce and fiet myghty hard
	layer_6: you w'l fiet foreor own chance and fived mighty har
	layer_8: yo wil fit for your own chance and fift mighty hard
	layer_10: you will fight for your own chance and figte mighty hard
	layer_12: you will fight for your own chance and fite mighty hard

file: 4153-186222-0010.flac
expected: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jane's money
	layer_2: wy mi dhar cism id faont ounh ives monyn
	layer_4: wy mi tar kasm i do fant onchi ives moni
	layer_6: why mi dear cuson i don't fant aunchei's monei
	layer_8: why my dear cousin i don't  want aun chif's money
	layer_10: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chi's money
	layer_12: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chi's money

file: 4153-186222-0011.flac
expected: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find rest from my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_2: mi ma er ani u amplypridefor and ime o nye heut fi nres fr mysel l tues and tecge aquaimnted with my thed father sistup tat is o
	layer_4: mi mater aniy u amplyoplrevited for and i am ony he rto fin res for mysou tl udis and thiil a quainted with my thead father siste that is ol
	layer_6: my mather an i a amply provided for and i'am only he are to find ressh for my social duties and tokit acquainted with my dead father sister that is al
	layer_8: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dreash for my social duties and toket acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_10: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and toget acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_12: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dreass for my social duties and toget acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all

file: 4153-186222-0012.flac
expected: my father teaches music and mother scolds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_2: mi astha te tis nusi and mothers hos om continyualy fou nort bing aibredo on inomony tofkepat of det
	layer_4: my fa thatea c is music and mothers hos im conttinurly fo not bing abret oun in augh money too kep at of deat
	layer_6: my fathe teech is music and mother's hose im continuury for not being able to un eough money to keep out of thet
	layer_8: my father teaches music and mother's hosim continually for not being able to arn enough money to keep out of that
	layer_10: my father teaches music and mother's holds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of that
	layer_12: my father teaches music and mother's holds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of that

file: 4153-186222-0013.flac
expected: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_2: weve no asyn o sent of o mony o tho fai the hastridet ti mset o wr winofh tor hape at o his tiffie gllties
	layer_4: we've novasn o sent of o mony or thoug fa the has ridat ti ms to ware wnogh to hapenm miht of his tiffigilties
	layer_6: we've nevers in o cent ofp her money althoug father has right at timesto bore wenough to happin ugt of his dificalties
	layer_8: we've nevers een he sent o her money although father has rid a times to barow enough to hap him out of his dificulties
	layer_10: we've never seen a sent of her money although father has tridat times to borow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_12: we've never seen a sent of her money although father has trid at times to barrow enough to help him out of his difficulties

file: 4153-186222-0014.flac
expected: i even kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_2: i ouwid cis ovens oeas me to and e set a shiver ol dhow my bak
	layer_4: i youould kisd heve ancshe as me to and itsat a shrver aol d ow my bak
	layer_6: r youild kisstd her when she ased me to and it sent a shier allit how my back
	layer_8: ar you kissed her when she askd me to and it sent a shiver allit own my back
	layer_10: aret youid kissed her when she askedme to and it sent a shiver all atdown my back
	layer_12: aret youid kissed her when she asked me to and it sant a shiver all atown my back

file: 4153-186222-0015.flac
expected: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fuss around invalids and assist them
	layer_2: fo mibaut i amfornd of every on andi the lits me tefasit on in wiledsan ai sisthem
	layer_4: for mybut i am fornd of every one and i the ligtes me to fassir on inwilids and acis them
	layer_6: for my pat i am fornd of every one and it thelights me to facaron invillads and assis them
	layer_8: for my pat i am fornd of everyone and it delights me to fasroun invillads and assist them
	layer_10: for my part i am fond of every one and it delights me to fasroun invllids and assist them
	layer_12: for my part i am fond of every one and it delights me to fasarround invillads and assist them

file: 4153-186222-0016.flac
expected: you say you like to care for invalids and i don't
	layer_2: you sa you liketocafulrin mwilies and idon
	layer_4: you sa you like to carfr in wilids and id ont
	layer_6: you sa you like to carfulr in willds and ih d ont
	layer_8: you say you like to careful in willads and i don't
	layer_10: you say you'd like to careful in willads and i don't
	layer_12: you say you' like to careful in willads and i don't

file: 4153-186222-0017.flac
expected: you're trying to make me think you don't want elmhurst when you're as anxious to get it as i am
	layer_2: you cimed de mankg me thing yor drnt ant an hus bun yout ae an thu s to getet as i a
	layer_4: youd clime tomankg meat thin yo dont ane an hus ben yout as am ous stogetit as ia
	layer_6: you' climed to make mee think you don't on ehers when you as im sious to get it as i am
	layer_8: you'e clined to make mee think you don't want eles when you as iam us to get it as i am
	layer_10: you'r tring to make me think you don't want eles when you're as i'm us to get it as i am
	layer_12: ou're tring to make me think you don't want eles when you're as i'm suse to get it as i am

file: 4153-186222-0018.flac
expected: they call me beth sullenly
	layer_2: they ome bet soleny
	layer_4: they e al mebet sillinly
	layer_6: they fall me bet saullenly
	layer_8: they folld me bet sllenly
	layer_10: they found me bet sollenly
	layer_12: they found me bet sullenly

file: 4153-186222-0019.flac
expected: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the world you know
	layer_2: i colnelaveen this out of the wa arnor of the walgon
	layer_4: i contelave en this out of the wee coner of the walgiouno
	layer_6: i cont liv in this out of the war conor of the walgono
	layer_8: i coln't live in this out of the wa corner of the wrlgono
	layer_10: i could't live in this out of the waicorner of the world u no
	layer_12: i couldn't live in this out of the waircorner of the wold yu no

file: 4153-186222-0020.flac
expected: but suppose she leaves it to you persisted beth
	layer_2: ut's a pr shen ites a dou fasistinfet
	layer_4: but a pore shln leies a teou fersisteintfet
	layer_6: but sop pors she leves at t fr sistent et
	layer_8: but sepporse she leeaves at  o assistent vet
	layer_10: but suppose she leades at t er assistant tat
	layer_12: but suppose she leaves at do her assistant that

file: 4153-186222-0021.flac
expected: louise seemed to meditate
	layer_2: luwe seemetomete dit
	layer_4: loe seeme to metedet
	layer_6: le we seemed to mether tet
	layer_8: loui seemed to meedet
	layer_10: louwise seemed to meditate
	layer_12: louise seemed to meditate

file: 4153-186222-0022.flac
expected: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_2: it the mdniisent estat said bet lokng ant orkasin dodforlly
	layer_4: it te mye nifficent astat said bet looking at horok isin tortfilly
	layer_6: it t mignificent estate said bet looking at heokusin toutfully
	layer_8: it' e magnificent estate said bet looking at her cusin toubtfully
	layer_10: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_12: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin dougbhtfully

file: 4153-186222-0023.flac
expected: now shall we be friends she asked lightly
	layer_2: nouchald re by frent theasd lity
	layer_4: now sha be be frent she ast lihtly
	layer_6: now shal be be frent she asked lightly
	layer_8: now shald be be friend she asked lightly
	layer_10: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_12: now shall wbe be friend she asked lightly

file: 4153-186222-0024.flac
expected: to be sure i should want you to my dear
	layer_2: to e shr i shu ontitol midtiar
	layer_4: to bhe she i shoul antlito midtar
	layer_6: tou be shu i shold want litle mydear
	layer_8: dobisur i shold want littl my dear
	layer_10: tobe sure i shold want little my dear
	layer_12: tobe sure i shuld want little my dear

file: 4153-186222-0025.flac
expected: such a girl friend it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_2: sat agorveten it had nevr bin heop pro ligedto hav tefor and wen osarspishioncs wiof fa gaen she bekain fery e as ponceo and brite ant ondofoully
	layer_4: sach agole then it had never bin houproeliged to have befor and wen hers  spisions wief a gaten she begaine fearly las boncei and bright int onedofuly
	layer_6: such a gul lhen it had never bein herprovvlige to have before and when hers uspicions were for goen she begamne farly les poncipe and brighten wondefully
	layer_8: such a girl then it had never been her privlege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly lesponsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_10: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_12: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully

file: 4153-186222-0026.flac
expected: silas she said when he entered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_2: silis she said ren anthe what youthino mi neses
	layer_4: siliss e said reniantor what you think of mynees
	layer_6: siless she said renienterd what your think of my neaces
	layer_8: sylec she said renientere what you think of my neces
	layer_10: sylas she said renientered what oyou think of my nieces
	layer_12: sylas she said renientered what do ou think of my nieces

file: 4153-186222-0027.flac
expected: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_2: the u vady choming gorts heuns rt oat the atitn age wen fyou goase sort o gouldeponpege
	layer_4: the a veay chaming gos he unsar oatho the otetin age when feu gos shour to cood epantage
	layer_6: they a very charmmingars he ansered or thou the arrtin age when fewgus shor to cood epauntage
	layer_8: they are very charming grs he answered although they areetin age when fwgrs shore to good devantage
	layer_10: they are very charming girls he answered although they are etin age when fwgars showe to good advantage
	layer_12: they are very charming girls he answered although they are atin age when fewgars showe to good advantage

file: 4153-186222-0028.flac
expected: why did you not invite kenneth to dinner jane the boy
	layer_2: biseis oonot en gie cenis to dinongin the boy
	layer_4: wyses yu not ind bye canes to dinngiin the boy
	layer_6: whytes you not inbie cannise to denoungin the boy
	layer_8: why does you not invit kennis to deauntin the boy
	layer_10: why does you not invite kenneth to denanjin the boy
	layer_12: why does you not invite kennish to denanjin the boy

file: 4153-186222-0029.flac
expected: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_2: he is consofthe sain te sugrebrthings
	layer_4: he is consto ty saying te segrbr things
	layer_6: he is constibly saying te sagrablr things
	layer_8: he is constiely saying tdisagreeabl things
	layer_10: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_12: he is constantly saying disagreeable things

file: 4153-186222-0030.flac
expected: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_2: baty wae sand the lol quiely wucho af mi es dyou prefer
	layer_4: barywel said the loiol quiely wich of my neasel dyou prefer
	layer_6: very well said the loyal quiely wich of my neacl douprofer
	layer_8: very well said the lowyal quietly which of my neces douprofer
	layer_10: very well said the lowya quietly wich of my neces doprefer
	layer_12: very well said the loyar quietly which of my neces doprefer

file: 4153-186222-0031.flac
expected: asked the old lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_2: afs teu wrlady af troprs i can not sean sor shart and a quintes yansrd wieth crait whuich touo prefrgin
	layer_4: ahpe wrllady aftropes i cam ot sa on sor shout and a quenteds yuncerd with cravity which to youprefargin
	layer_6: askd beu wore ladis aftropas i cannot say on so short and acquainteds ey ansered with cravity which to you prefergein
	layer_8: asked yu or ladie afero pase i cannot say on so shot and acquainteds he answered with cravity which do you prefer gane
	layer_10: asked you or ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short and acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_12: asked you or ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short and acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane

file: 4153-186222-0032.flac
expected: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_2: theat e culy ensatesfacty sheanr
	layer_4: the a eculy ancat tosfacty she anser
	layer_6: the a equally un sattisfactly she answer
	layer_8: the ad equally unsatisfacty she answerd
	layer_10: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_12: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered

file: 4153-186222-0033.flac
expected: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas
	layer_2: ik can ot i maghon en us be longiseto ithorsides
	layer_4: ie cannot i magin an hus bhe long is to ithersiles
	layer_6: i cannot imagin ehers belong is to either silers
	layer_8: i cannot imagine emers belongins to ither silec
	layer_10: i cannot imagine emas belonging to either silec
	layer_12: i cannot imagine emas belonging to either siles

file: 4153-186222-0034.flac
expected: i must see that other niece the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_2: i mssee that atins the wan would efi sene ant ar fhe as istoaoncs a my sakcon theter
	layer_4: i msee that othenese the wone hold efismy and to e was istooncs od my sac on lettar
	layer_6: i mu see that othernes the one who defize me and a fus is to ancson my sacon leter
	layer_8: i mus see that othernes the one who defise me and refuses to anse er my second letter
	layer_10: i must see that othernes the one who defie me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_12: i must se that othernes the one who defise me and refuses to answer my second letter

file: 4153-186222-0035.flac
expected: there would be a dozen heirs to fight for my money and dear old elmhurst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_2: there wold be had dusinnrs te fihte f o mye mony and dere aol en hus wufh the sorle estrandors she isnd thueh bitemes
	layer_4: therewould be had dosen as the fight for my mony and der alan hos wiulh be sol estrangrs sheisond thut bitermiss
	layer_6: there would be a dozen eirs the fighte for my money and dear all n hus wild be sall derstrangers she resuned tit bitermis
	layer_8: there would be a dozen aires to fight for my money and dear all enhus would be sal e strangers she resumed with bittermiss
	layer_10: there would be a dozen ais to fight for my money and dear all nhus would be sold o strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_12: there would be a dozen ais to fight for my money and dear oll enhos would be soled o strangers she resumed with bitterness

file: 4153-61735-0000.flac
expected: they are but lukewarm lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bowshot distance
	layer_2: the arbut klome lovers whookncontenthemsaese woit the dilllk cayd orne ad borsackdistecs
	layer_4: the arbut lw ome lovrs whoo kin contenthemsaivs with the dilolg caryd on and borsout distence
	layer_6: they ar but look ame lovers who an content thimselves with a dilog caried on ad boshort distance
	layer_8: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with a dilog carried on at boashot distance
	layer_10: they are but luqam lovers who can content themselves with a dialog carried on at boushot distance
	layer_12: they are but luqam lovers who can content themselves with a dialog carried on at boshot distance

file: 4153-61735-0001.flac
expected: if there be an elysium on earth it is this
	layer_2: itrbean ales i on ot itdis thise
	layer_4: if ther be anelas yu mon ut it istis
	layer_6: if there be an elesu manat it is this
	layer_8: if there be an elesumanat it is this
	layer_10: if there be an elesumonart it is this
	layer_12: if there be an elesumonart it is this

file: 4153-61735-0002.flac
expected: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_2: hi orn dorkdor his onldo  do of thebest blt of satheem avistocrsy bou uld ofon acomplishd every thingk te siccur him as plendert e lians wholling nitle asination witha hfas onto
	layer_4: hi on dotter his onlie dote of the besd blad of sothern aestecrscy bouuthfl acomplished everythin to seccyur him was plended alinds holling nightly assinatin with a hose hunto
	layer_6: his own dahter his only dater of the best blood of sothern aristor cricy beautiful ac complished every think to sec ure him as plenderd a lins wholing nightly asination with a hose huntor
	layer_8: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of suthern aristocricy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him as plenderd aliance holing nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_10: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocrisy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holing knightly assination with a horse hunter
	layer_12: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocrisy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holing knightly assination with a horse hunter

file: 4153-61735-0003.flac
expected: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern counsel
	layer_2: hecold velkonset so machtdo hocoapriese sins hrsting at horn could benotes ad vantege r the cors that had trompdim to the stoin conse
	layer_4: he could welkon ciad so mach dto ho k opriece sins herstaing at whorm could be no tisdvantege to the cs that had promptd him to the stern consle
	layer_6: he could wellconceed so much to herca priece since her staying at hom could be no dis advantage to the cuse that had prompeted him to the steurned counsel
	layer_8: he could well conceet so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_10: he could well conced so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stuern council
	layer_12: he could well conceed so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council

file: 4153-61735-0004.flac
expected: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_2: it is ol vady no that thisrod based the has sy end of gasa del carwle at some distancs from the house and on the opo sid saiht of tiever
	layer_4: it is all vedy non that this rod bas the hassyendr of gass ta teal calwa at sonedistance from the house and on the oposid siht of therever
	layer_6: it is all vedy knon that this road pas the hassyendar of castar delcolwar at sone distance from the house and on the opposit side of the river
	layer_8: it is al very known that this road pased the hassienda of casadelcoro at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_10: it is alreary known that this road passed the hassienda of casa del corwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_12: it is alreary known that this road passed the haienda of casa delcorwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river

file: 4153-61735-0005.flac
expected: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bough then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_2: on ea ching the corps heetis mantet lhet his horse in amon thoe und aword hchd him by lo bin his bridndrine a ounthoer dopmors twics of an ilasting bo thendet datching a longrop of twisted or s her from the forn of his sadl an insrting his arm anddo it's co he lided ou to the eate of the ilingt on that sigd that letoors the hasyinda
	layer_4: onreching the cops he desmonte let his hose in amon thoug undewod hiched him by lo pin his bridlran araunther topmostwiks of in ilasting boe then dhetaching a lon rop of twisted horse hear from the horn of his sal and inserting his arm andow its coy he lided ou to the each of the ilind on that sid that lietoars the hasyendar
	layer_6: on reaching the cops he desmounted let his horse in a mong though underwood hitched him by luping his bridle rane aranther top mos twicks of an elasting bor then detaching a long rop of twisted horsehar from the horn of his saddle and incerting his arm and ow its coile he glided out to the eche of the iland on that side that la towars the husyendar
	layer_8: on reaching the corps he disvounted let his horse in among theh underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rain aroundther topmost twigs of an elastig bo then detoaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the hon of his sadle and inserting his arm an o its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hassiender
	layer_10: on reaching the corpse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rain around the topmost twigs of an elasticg bor then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his sadle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hasienda
	layer_12: on reaching the corpse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rain around the topmost twigs of an elasticg bor then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm anto its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hasienda

file: 4153-61735-0006.flac
expected: before forsaking the shadow of the copse he cast a glance towards the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_2: the fuoroar saking the shad o of the corps he cas a dlancsto wa this gin and me themon sailingxupremlyovelit
	layer_4: be forfworseaking the shid ow of the cops he cast aglance to wre this gi and methe mon sailing surpremly ovellit
	layer_6: before faorsheya king the shadow of the cops he cased aglance towar thi's ke and mat the moon sailing supcremely ovel it
	layer_8: beforefore aking the shadow of the corpse he castd a glance toward thes ky and mat the moon sailing supreemely over it
	layer_10: before fore staking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and mat the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_12: before fore staking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance towards the sky and mat the moon sailing supremely over it

file: 4153-61735-0007.flac
expected: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inebriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_2: the droncanseet bichur sa oft ao mneuse the nokdorna inevtriet of cate sidese af ta predus a like afact apon the night barorler of the freiy and foart a moment the shade let doakimning his bro disuppeod
	layer_4: the drowl conceat wich hurs sor oft amuse the nocdonel inebriet of gitd sities af peto predus a like afac upon the night barowler of the prary and forr  morment the shado leat tackaning hit brow disuppiourd
	layer_6: the drol conceit which ha so ofteamuse the nockedonal inebriat of gat sitese appere to produse a like afect upon the night patroler of the prariy and fort oa moment the shado lat dackening his broa disappaured
	layer_8: the dral conceit which has so oftamused the noctornal inabriate of great cities appeare to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the prarie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his bro disappeeared
	layer_10: the drol conceit which has so oft emused the noctornal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patrole of the prairi and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_12: the drol conceit which has so oftemused the noctornal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patrole of the preiri and for a moment the shadow late darkening his bro disappeared

file: 4153-61735-0008.flac
expected: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_2: it notlicly af his ar un thles ad be teornt of te bae contanto consle
	layer_4: it not licly at this ar unlessad be the orner of a bat conction to consle
	layer_6: it not likely at this are unless it be the orner of a bad consiene wo consleep
	layer_8: it not likely at this hour unless it be the honour of a bad conscience who can sleep
	layer_10: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the hownour of a bad conscience who can' sleep
	layer_12: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the hownour of a bad conscience who can' sleep

file: 4153-61735-0009.flac
expected: troth there's one such within those walls
	layer_2: crot thas on such with in thos wad
	layer_4: crott thes onsuch with in thos wald
	layer_6: crot ther's one such withindhos wald
	layer_8: crot there's one such within those worlds
	layer_10: crot there's one such within those warlds
	layer_12: crot there's one such within those warlds

file: 4153-61735-0010.flac
expected: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_2: af he be a rrd thas a goud chans of hiseen me on beuon gdround not that ishudgad istro ifveit wrte on y miceef to be conmfrom mice
	layer_4: if he be abrod thas a good shans of his seeng me on veuorpem ground not that i should gair a straw efvit wor on he mieeve to be con romised
	layer_6: if he be abrod tha's a good sharns of his seing me on veopen dround not that i should gare astraw if it were onlhy miself to be com fromist
	layer_8: if he be abroad ther's a good schance of his seeing me on be open drownd not that i should care astraw if it were only myself to be comfromized
	layer_10: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_12: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised

file: 4153-61735-0011.flac
expected: it's no use waiting upon the moon deuce take her
	layer_2: it nol us wating auon the morn dustycar
	layer_4: its nol ous wating upone the mon dusty car
	layer_6: it's no uswaiting upon the morn dustake
	layer_8: it's no use waiting upon the morn justaker
	layer_10: it's no use waiting upon the mon dustaker
	layer_12: it's no use waiting upon the mon dustaker

file: 4153-61735-0012.flac
expected: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either its cash plate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_2: it eistr he had desinds o bon the hasy inter but theasdd not contoplit ielrt ets cash flt o joldy ifbe exep the mos prleshas jooule con dind the miscles of the manthiin ho se
	layer_4: it istru he had desiins opon te hassy ander but thesedid not contoplite ither et'scash flait o jully if be exept the morstprlescius jlit contind the mistlesse of the mancion hersefh
	layer_6: it i true he had desins upon the hussyender but these did not conteplate either itscash flate or julry if be exceptd the more spreciaus jol it contend the mistless of the mansi in herself
	layer_8: it is true he had designs upon the hassiende but these did not conteplate either its scash flit or julry if we accept the more precious jewl it contend the mistrescs of the mansi on herself
	layer_10: it is true he had designs upon the hassienda but these did not contemplate either its scash flit or julry if we accept the most precious jewel it contaened the mistress of the manshion herself
	layer_12: it is true he had designs upon the hassienda but these did not contemplate either its cash flit or jwlry if we axcept the most precious jewele it contained the mistress of the manshion herself

file: 4153-185072-0000.flac
expected: he tarried at genishau a few days and came up to gardow where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_2: he taeyd agenashor of feuds and kame mup the godale well i thend es igded he was upeently without eany bis mes tevwits of port him but he soon bekam maquainted would dmy son domics with hom he hanted fut alon time and mant his hoe with him at my house reindokamorn and he contonutd his dy
	layer_4: he taid ad gainashar of fudis and kame mupt the gadow wher i thend lesided he was aperently with out aney ismestevwits apoart him but he son became aquainted ould my suntomeise with whom he hunted frr a long time and mande his hom with him at my hous wentorokamon and he contneut his ty
	layer_6: he taried adgenashor of few das and came up the gado whele i then lesided he was appearently without any bis misstat wts apport him but he son became acquainted with my sun tomise with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house wenter came on and he contnwd his tay
	layer_8: he tarlied at genashor a few das and came up the gardo whele i then resided he was apparently without any business thar woul apport him but he son became acquainted with my son tomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_10: he taried at gennisha a few days and came up tho gardo whele i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_12: he taried at genishor a few days and came up to gardo whele i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day

file: 4153-185072-0001.flac
expected: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_2: the anraged hasben be noing that he thul fese o blo if he wratet the she thyoort or abeated insenteuvrrcredi and ben dountherrfv euter his gacte
	layer_4: the enraged hasbeen bel lnowin that he shoul fele oblow if he watet tho h the orter abeated instentrecratd and went ton triverteor his catl
	layer_6: the enraged husbeen well lnowing that he should feel o blow if he wated to heare the orderabeated instantly recleated and went town triverto his catle
	layer_8: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel ablow if he waited to hear the orderepbeated instantly recleated and went down the river to his catle
	layer_10: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recleated and went down the river to his catle
	layer_12: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recleated and went down the river to his cattle

file: 4153-185072-0002.flac
expected: we protected the poor nanticoke woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised a reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_2: wepret thec et the por manty qalr women and g hervic tuas and alinsim the tised withhert in ho mispoartons tistling ben her has tin game toher o noli shis for ma eras and that he had a bous t or withoutacos promist otetomation an sheeveaseved im with every mak ofvirineul of hert offection
	layer_4: wepretactetd the poe anticoke women and gave her vectuals and alens impetised with herr in her mispoatont thisprling when her husbn game to her okc nolis his formarearrs and that he had abused he without acose promist errafor mation and cheverseved him with every mark ofverinul of her offection
	layer_6: we protectetd the poor amanticoak woman and gave hervictuals and alensimpatized with her in her miss portuns tispring when her husben came to her ocnolish his formereras and that he had abused her without a cause promister refomation and she recived him with every mark of a rinewill of her affection
	layer_8: we protected the poor amantic cok woman and gave her victuals and allin sympatised with her in her misportunes til spring when her husband came to her acknowlesed his former eras and that he had abused her without a cause promisdter reformation and she received him with every mark of renuwal of her affection
	layer_10: we protected the poor mantic ok woman and gave her victuals and allen simpathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowleged his former erars and that he had abused her without a cause promisd er reformation and she received him with every mark of renewal of her affection
	layer_12: we protected the poor amantic ok woman and gave her victuals and allin simpathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowleged his former erars and that he had abused her without a cause pro mised her reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection

file: 4153-185072-0003.flac
expected: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wampum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for
	layer_2: te intieins was sen ansirdt byte a maican offiser that the onm was cuarge theyaxapted and tat a contin u ins of bese was ardence rishfor
	layer_4: the intiens was soon ancserd by the amarican of iser that the wonkm wascoadu te axipted and that acontenuence of beace was ardinci rishfor
	layer_6: the indiance wars soon answered by the american offiser that the wank wom was scoardily acepted and that ac continuance of peace was ardency wished for
	layer_8: the indians were son answered by the american officer that the wanwom was cadily accepted and that a continuancs of peace was arency wished for
	layer_10: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wnwom was coardily acccepted and that a continuance of peace was ardenty wished for
	layer_12: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wanwom was coardilly accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardenty wished for

file: 4153-185072-0004.flac
expected: my son thomas went with them with allen's horse and carried the goods
	layer_2: my sun domiss wentwith them with alinst hors and carly the goot
	layer_4: my son tomess went with them with alin's horse and carlryt the goot
	layer_6: my sun tomis went with them with alan's horse and carriee the good
	layer_8: my son tomas went with them with alan's horse and carrie the good
	layer_10: my son thomas went with them with alan's horse and carried the good
	layer_12: my son thomas went with them with alan's horse and carried the good

file: 4153-185072-0005.flac
expected: allen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_2: al in un fidinglat his en imeys ad gon gim backt e my house bar helived ase befor but of sdred don they was son no tofide my aglar and nets whol moy reshalaamsy withis moit bat tyuf ingins cmmarn to tak him
	layer_4: alim un finding tat his anames had gon im back te my house bere he lived as befor but of his dre tun they was soun no tofithat ny agra and nettls who maryd reselaramsy with his morl patte of indians came mon to tak him
	layer_6: allin onfinding that his enemiys had gon ame back to my house where he lived as before but of his returne they was so not to fi at nagra and nettls who marid ricelaramsy with hesmol party of indians came ont to take him
	layer_8: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they was son not to fid at magra and netles who married ricilar amse with the smal party of endians came on to take him
	layer_10: allin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon not to fight at niagra and netls who married ricilla amsi with the smal party of indians came on to take him
	layer_12: allin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon nort to fight at niagra and nettls who married pricilla amsi with the small party of indians came on to take him

file: 4153-185072-0006.flac
expected: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen all in tatters came in
	layer_2: netls aclingt abandin the chas went horm and alin oindators kamin
	layer_4: netls atlaeng abanden the ches went hom and alin olintaters kamin
	layer_6: nettls at length abandind the chase went hom and allen al en tattrs came in
	layer_8: nettles at length abandond the chase went home and allan aoll entattes came in
	layer_10: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alin allan tates came in
	layer_12: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allin all in tates came in

file: 4153-185072-0007.flac
expected: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_2: by  aning n the words his lor thing had becom torn indeags to tat he wis in e saffulinghondition ore was naked
	layer_4: by aning in the wds his clow thing had becometon interags to that he wash an asoffering condition ol was naked
	layer_6: by runding in the woods his clothing had becomep ton intor rags to that he was an a sufering condition ol was naceid
	layer_8: by running in the woods his clothing had become ton into rags so that he was in a suffering condition al most naked
	layer_10: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_12: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked

file: 4153-185072-0008.flac
expected: allen made his trowsers himself and then built a raft on which he went down the river to his own place at mount morris
	layer_2: i len mat histrousaes himsif and then bit atauft ond wich he wet toun tiirver to his ornfles atg morn mrtese
	layer_4: a lin made his trousos himsaefh and en bilt aragft ond which he wet tounterever to his onples atg mone marice
	layer_6: alan made his trousos himself and then bild araught on which he went down the river to his ownpliacs atg mont morrice
	layer_8: alan made his trousers himself and then bilt araughed on which he went down the river to his own place at mount moris
	layer_10: alan made his trousers himself and then bilt a laughed on which he went down the river to his own place at mount moris
	layer_12: alan made his trousers himself and then bilt a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at mont moris

file: 4153-185072-0009.flac
expected: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his squaw
	layer_2: thr and inin gave himsomereesshmen an ogould gon wuth bich he has and on to lited beudstoumn bay he found his cor
	layer_4: there and in in give himsomerfesshment and i oud gon bwuth wich he hasedind on to littled berdstown bye he found his cor
	layer_6: there and inan gave him some refeshment and a good gune wuth which he hasetind on to little beardstown wber he found his car
	layer_8: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little berds down where he found his co
	layer_10: there an ingian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little birds down where he found his cor
	layer_12: there an ingin gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his cor

file: 4153-185072-0010.flac
expected: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_2: nont derving to lis comserfart tut pls fuofr of bein given u he met er but a shark visit andkame inmedan togadl
	layer_4: not darling to lis comcaelfart tut plis for fiure of bein given up he meat her but ashat visit and kim immedietly to gado
	layer_6: not dairing to lis chimself at that place for fiure of being given up he mate her but a short visit and came immediatly to gado
	layer_8: not daring to lisk himself at that place for far of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to guado
	layer_10: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to guado
	layer_12: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gado

file: 4153-185072-0011.flac
expected: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_2: the loveofe le body hoevr adeto his natuaas fifniss gave himsafitioncstringt tomaes sk to his fommo carsolof aifty
	layer_4: the love ofe lebudy however adeto his nasuaes finess gave himsof ficionstrint to mates asgap to his forma casil of sifty
	layer_6: the love of libody however aded to his natual's fifness gave himsufficien s rencth to make his ascape to his formar casel of safty
	layer_8: the love of liborty however aded to his natural's fifness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former casile of safety
	layer_10: the love of libaty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former cazle of safety
	layer_12: the love of libaty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former casle of safety

file: 4153-185072-0012.flac
expected: his pursuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_2: his bus you as kime inmeditly temy hos weeat lhe expected to hive fond him secrite and un dhe myeper dection
	layer_4: his bus ou as kame imedetly to my hous what the expected to have found hhim secrited and unda my pertection
	layer_6: his pos eurs came immeditly to my house whet they expected to have found him secreted and under my prodection
	layer_8: his possuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my prodection
	layer_10: his posuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_12: his pusuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection

file: 4153-185072-0013.flac
expected: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_2: sti lunsat the fid and douting myv art asity the havd vise myr indein brother to us his infroienceto droffrom me the se couldt of is on seumnt which the hade mitiard that ikonsit rt of gratan arns nort only do him betamycise i besist thin migniins of hisitoation and fininlesy lemey
	layer_4: stilancat tas fid andouting myvar asity the hadvise my indiin brother to ous his infroince to drof from me the seecould of his concument which they hadanidia thar ikeonctit urt of grart am patdense nor only to him but t mycsis i pur siste in mygnirencs of hisitouation and finilyesy alefme
	layer_6: stilancsattisfied and outing my vracity the adviced my indian brother to use his infuence to draw from me the seecould of his concelment which they hadanidear that i concsidut of great importanc no only to him but to myces i purssisted in my agnorence of hisituation and finallyse alef me
	layer_8: still unsatisfied and doubting my varacity they adviced my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secut of his concealement which they had an idea that i consideurt of great importance nor only to him but to my sess i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally theye left me
	layer_10: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they adviced my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance nor only to him but to my ces i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_12: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they adviced my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance nort only to him but to my sef i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me

file: 4153-185072-0014.flac
expected: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_2: hekimt o my houson the nit and o workmne wit the grea ist cortion ering hat soof his enimes might be waching to tha im aadime wen anin o plase bwer itf wrl be im wasiblfoer him tomais as cki
	layer_4: he kampto my house and the night and a wak me with the greart est cotion ferling that some of his eanemes might be waching to th arck him at tatime wen and in applase ware itf wul be impwasibl for him to make es ascip
	layer_6: he came to my house in the night and a walk me with ha greatest caution feerling that some of his enemias might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place whare it oul be imposible for him to make his ascape
	layer_8: he came to my house in the night and awolk me with the greatest caution fealing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_10: he came to my house in the night and awok me with the greatest caution fealing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_12: he came to my house in the night and awok me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape

file: 4153-185072-0015.flac
expected: at that time allen lay in a secret place in the gulph a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_2: at thottime ilin la in a see cro plas in the gse a shot tistins afbove my lats in a who tha he akitenly found in the rok ne otitefur
	layer_4: at thattime ilen ly in a see crif plas in the gouse a shaugt testenc above my lat in a whol nat he axitently found in the rok neotherever
	layer_6: at that time alanlay in a secrit place in the gus a short tdistance above my flats in a whole hat he axidently found in the rak neothe river
	layer_8: at that time island lay in a secret place in the guls a short distance above my flat in a whole that he accidently found in the rok near the river
	layer_10: at that time island lay in a secret place in ha gulf a short distance above my flat in a whole that he accidentally found in the rog near the river
	layer_12: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulf a short distance above my flat in a whole that he accidentally found in the rog near the river

file: 1701-141760-0000.flac
expected: the pavlograds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to olmutz to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant there with girls as waitresses
	layer_2: the pof lof gruds hel feast aftefieset selepyting awars the had grcee for the campan and mead ex pi ditions to al mose ti vrsr asursiand core li ne hongarian who had resntly open ereston dar wath gourses weatcrorcies
	layer_4: the poe lof grads hel feasd afterfest sellibryting awars te had receeve for the campan and made expoditions to al mos diviser asesian cor lignne hungearion who had recently olpenha reston ter with gorveses weatroces
	layer_6: the povlovf grads heal feacet after feast cellebrating a wars they had receive for the campain and made expeditions to al mots divisar a sersion car line tha hungerion who hard reacently openares ton tear with girles as watreces
	layer_8: the povlov grads held feast after feast celebrating awars they had receivd for the campain and made expeditions to all moots divisso ascertian caroline the hungyrian who had recently open a restron der with girlsa's witresces
	layer_10: the povlovgruds held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campagn and made expeditions to all moots diviser ascertian caroline te hungyrian who had recently opend a restrant der with girls ans witresses
	layer_12: the povlovgruds held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campagn and made expeditions to all moots diviser assertan caroline the hungyrian who had recently open a restrant der with girls s witresses

file: 1701-141760-0001.flac
expected: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_2: the garsit mat dheir hol marse asifon oplasutrip poreatin the lanliness and disuplon
	layer_4: the garsed met teir hol march as if on aplasitrep pereatin they clanlyness and disuplen
	layer_6: the gars ad madt heir whole march as if on a pleasur trip parading thei claindliness and disiplin
	layer_8: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their clanliness and disciplin
	layer_10: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_12: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip perating their cleanliness and discipline

file: 1701-141760-0002.flac
expected: the regiments had entered and left the town with their bands playing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper posts
	layer_2: the reachom esait antud an lef tetoede with their bin's ply and by the ganjus aorders de men had morched al the we in staip aprigt his n wis the gars prite tomsels the offisus on fots and otheir properpouse
	layer_4: the reacim ant s aid entold and leftetone with theie ban's pley and by the granguxs arders dhe men had marched all the we in step apragtis on whice the gars pridyd temselfs the officers on fots and at their properporse
	layer_6: the reguments had entwerd and left te tone with their ban's pleaing and by the granjics orders temen had marched all the wi in step appractis on which the gars prided themselfes the officerson foot and at their proper porse
	layer_8: the regiments had ented and left ta tone with their bands pleying and by the granjic's orders the men had marched all the wa in step a practice on which the guars pridid themselves the officers on foots and at their proper porse
	layer_10: the regiments had entered and left te tone with their bands pleying and by the granduce's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards praidid themselves the officers on foots and at their proper porse
	layer_12: the regiments had entered and left te tone with their bands playing and by the granduce's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards pradied themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse

file: 1701-141760-0003.flac
expected: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_2: bor sainbin corserts a had moaset al the w with bar who was orate in comindovf acompiny
	layer_4: boro seid been cqoarerts a had marched al the we with bur who was ority encomond of acompiny
	layer_6: boros had been quarserd and had marched all the we with burk who was oredy in commined of a company
	layer_8: boris had been cqarsered and had marched all the wa with bur who was already in commind of a company
	layer_10: boris had been qarserd and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_12: boris had been qarserd and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company

file: 1701-141760-0004.flac
expected: boris during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski through whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief's staff
	layer_2: baras ju in the campan had mity aquintins of mady parsons who my prf usul to him and by leso afrecumendation he had brofrom pear had be comeequinte wat princ andro bol concske tho whm he horpt to of tn apose on the commandren che stuf
	layer_4: boros ju in tho campean had mady acquintens of mady persons who myg prove usful to him and by aleto af recumendation he had brogtfrom peare had becomaquenty with prins andr bol consky though whom he hoped to o ten aposet on the commandran chevfe stugf
	layer_6: borars jurin the campin had madtye aquintence of many persons who maght provuseful to him and by a lettr of recomendation he had brogt rom per had become equenty with prince andrew bull consky though whom he hoped to obten a porsed on the commandrandt chief stugf
	layer_8: boras during the campine had made the acquintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recomendation he had brought from pir had become acquainted with prince andrew ballconski though whom he hoped to obtan a porst on the commandran chief stuff
	layer_10: borras during the campign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pie had become acquainted with prince andrew balconsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commandr an chief stuff
	layer_12: borras during the campign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pire had become acquainted with prince andrew balconsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commandr an chief stuff

file: 1701-141760-0005.flac
expected: berg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them playing chess
	layer_2: berk and boras hoing rested aft yesthis march were sising cleen andneitly drest a a rointapl in the clin quorters a loti so thim plain ches
	layer_4: berk and boros haing rested aft yesidies march were siting cleen and nitly drest at a ronteble in the clen quarters a loti to them plan chess
	layer_6: burk and boros hading rested after yesiti's march were siting clean and nadly dreset at a rouned teble in the cleen quarters a loted to them plain chess
	layer_8: burk and borras haing rested after yeserdy's march were siting clean and neatly dressed at a roun table in the clean quarters aloted to them plan chess
	layer_10: berg and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters alotted to them plain chesst
	layer_12: berg and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters alotted to them plain ches

file: 1701-141760-0006.flac
expected: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_2: wel hor you quenso gisas of thatse he remart
	layer_4: well ho a you centogissert of that he remart
	layer_6: well how ae youcoent to get ot of that' he remart
	layer_8: well how are you going to get out of that he remarkd
	layer_10: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_12: well how are you ging to get out of that he remarked

file: 1701-141760-0007.flac
expected: at that moment the door opened
	layer_2: at tat maoment dor opont
	layer_4: at tat momen the dore opent
	layer_6: at that moman the door opent
	layer_8: at that momen the door opened
	layer_10: at that moment the door opened
	layer_12: at that moment the door opened

file: 1701-141760-0008.flac
expected: dear me how you have changed
	layer_2: dear me ha you hat cagst
	layer_4: dear me ha you hav cheamgseed
	layer_6: dear me oa you have chaged
	layer_8: dear me how you have changed
	layer_10: dear me how you have changed
	layer_12: dear me how you have changed

file: 1701-141760-0009.flac
expected: he was about to embrace his friend but nicholas avoided him
	layer_2: he ws abeteo inbrayt his frens but necles affoidid her
	layer_4: he was tha bagto inbrat hs friens but nicless a voded herm
	layer_6: he was thabout to imbrac his friends but nicless avoided him
	layer_8: he was about to embrae his friends but niklas avoided him
	layer_10: he was about to embrace his friends but nickolas avoided him
	layer_12: he was about to embrace his friends but nickolas avoided him

file: 1701-141760-0010.flac
expected: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_2: hye want hed apinch him pos him do anithing baccissim a thing everabuty ders
	layer_4: he want y o pint im pus him do anithing but cissim a thing everabody ded
	layer_6: he want he topenth him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybodhy did
	layer_8: he want e to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_10: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_12: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did

file: 1701-141760-0011.flac
expected: but notwithstanding this boris embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_2: but not wastandy dersporse imbracd om an a cuigte frenly w an cis himthre times
	layer_4: but not was standing ner sporous im brase om an a quit frenly we ankised him threetimes
	layer_6: but not was standingne sporis imbrace him an a quite friendly wy and kised him three times
	layer_8: but notwithstanding te sborraus embraced him and a quiet friendly wa and kissed him three times
	layer_10: but notwithstanding the sbors embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_12: but notwithstanding ther sboras embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times

file: 1701-141760-0012.flac
expected: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take their first steps on life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_2: the had not mat frnnealyhoffe ar and being othe ase we young mentet a forstatps ond lact rod et so iman henges an the other cuit an do reflation aof the sesity ind whers the hasakintos forsteps
	layer_4: they had not met foarnealy hal ar and bing or the age wen young mantit a for steps ond litrod eat sor imman chenges an the other quat a new reflaction of the susity ind wherstey hatakonnos for staps
	layer_6: they had not medt fer nearly halfa year and being at the age when young mentyt hi far steps ond lifeh rod each so emened changes in the other quate a new reflection of the society in whicht the had taken nos far steps
	layer_8: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tid their first steps on lifeshroads each saw immened changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_10: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tait their first steps on lifehroads each saw immened changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_12: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tait their first steps on liferooads each saw immened changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps

file: 1701-141760-0013.flac
expected: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_2: i dit not expeanu tid heartees
	layer_4: i dit not expatutody he adid
	layer_6: i did not expetyu to dy he added
	layer_8: i did not expect you to d he added
	layer_10: i did not expect you to day he added
	layer_12: i did not expect you to day he added

file: 1701-141760-0014.flac
expected: you know of course that his imperial highness rode with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_2: you nor of corsit his impulya hines rorde wrthar reate man al the time so that wead every conmfort n evry at funtege
	layer_4: you no of coursit his impearia hineus roud withthiu reangman all the time so that we ad every comfort in every adantege
	layer_6: you know of course at his imperial higness roud with our regimen all the time so that we had every comforet in every advantage
	layer_8: yeu know of course at his imperial highness rud with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort an every advantage
	layer_10: yoeu know of course that his imperial highness roed with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_12: you know of course that his imperial highness rod with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage

file: 1701-141760-0015.flac
expected: what receptions we had in poland
	layer_2: what ressetions we hadin pollos
	layer_4: what receptions we had enporloes
	layer_6: what receptions we had impollans
	layer_8: what receptions we had impolince
	layer_10: what receptions we had impolonds
	layer_12: what receptions we had impolands

file: 1701-141760-0016.flac
expected: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_2: whaut dinersan bals i canttel
	layer_4: what diners an balls i cantellyou
	layer_6: what dinners an bolls i can't tell you
	layer_8: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_10: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_12: what dinners and balls i can't tell you

file: 1701-141760-0017.flac
expected: oh you guards said rostov i say send for some wine
	layer_2: o you gard said rostof i shy sevi so wie
	layer_4: o you gard saird rostof i sy sever so wyn
	layer_6: o you gar said rostof i say sevr somn wine
	layer_8: ol you gard said rostof i say sevrs o wine
	layer_10: o you gard said rostov i say sevrso wine
	layer_12: o you gard said rostov i say seves on wine

file: 1701-141760-0018.flac
expected: he went to his bed drew a purse from under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_2: he went wo i's baed dru aparsmonto the clen peloe and sent fa wie
	layer_4: he wento his bed dreg aparho onto the clen pellow and sentfor win
	layer_6: he went o his bed drew a parshom under the clean pllow and sent for wine
	layer_8: he went to his bed drew a parshm under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_10: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_12: he went to his bed drew a parsum under the clean pillow and sent for wine

file: 1701-141760-0019.flac
expected: yes and i have some money and a letter to give you he added
	layer_2: ye sni hev so mony in  lers togif u he adet
	layer_4: yesini have som mony an aleses togif you he adit
	layer_6: yes ind i have some money ind alecers to givfe you he adit
	layer_8: yes and i have some money ind e letters to give you he added
	layer_10: yes and i have some money and a letters to give you he added
	layer_12: yes and i have some money an a letters to give you he added

file: 1701-141760-0020.flac
expected: oh don't mention it count i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_2: all dot mention atc cns a cuate hand the stin sid borke getsing ophi speck in a mofuleding gutera vice
	layer_4: all dont meantion it kont a quate hund de stan sad bok getting up n speaki in a mufuled and gotter o voice
	layer_6: il don't mention ate cont a quaite understand said bok geting up ind speeaking an a mouffoled and guterl voice
	layer_8: ill don't mention ate cont a quaite understand said bok getting up ind speaking in a muffled and gutterl voice
	layer_10: il don't mention it cont i quite understand said bog getting up and speaking in a muffled an gutterl voice
	layer_12: ill don't mention at cont i quite understand said bok getting up and speaking in a muffled an gutterl voice

file: 1701-141760-0021.flac
expected: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris
	layer_2: gr ctrsto rholse the infitegyo ided borrs
	layer_4: gore ctros o ar hose thenvited you ided boroc
	layer_6: gor cros to our house the invited you aded borros
	layer_8: gorcross to our horse they invited you added boras
	layer_10: go across to our horse they invited you added boris
	layer_12: go  cross to our horse they invited you added boris

file: 1701-141760-0022.flac
expected: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having assured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_2: ber witonthe cenist of cos withiv er spout or spae of doust stid pefor a lokin glus and brushto hear on his taempls ut ors and the wy affeagt by thi ampr ae sander and having in surtimseo on te whe rost of lookt tatits that his coted be notest lefte rm ithe plisit smil
	layer_4: berk bet on the chlinest of coase with i t spot or spak of dust stimpbefor a looking glas and brushdto her on his temples utwors in the way affaghty by ther amdper alexander and having insurdhimsel from the wa rust of looktatit that his coated bee notest lefte rm r the plas at smil
	layer_6: burk bit on the clenest of cotse without t spot or spack of dust stim before a looking glass and brushd the hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emper allexinder and having in sured himself from the wea rost of lookdtatit that his cot had be notiset lefter room of the plasat smile
	layer_8: burpit on the cleinest of cots without a spot or speck of dust steld before a looking glass and brushed te hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emper alexander and having insured himself from the wey rostov looked at it that his cort had been noticed left the room of the plasant smile
	layer_10: berput on the cleanest of corts without a spot or speck of dust stld before a looking glass and brushd ta hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the wig rostov looked at it that his cort had been noticed left the room wit thae pleasant smile
	layer_12: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed ta hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the wiy rostov looked at it that his couart had been noticed left the room wit e pleasant smile

file: 1701-141760-0023.flac
expected: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_2: od dear was o basty a mute rostofas ered the lerser wh
	layer_4: o deare was a bese tyo muteed rostof face red te leater why
	layer_6: o dear was a besti i muttered rostof as he red the leter why
	layer_8: oh dear was a best i a muttered rostoff as he read the letter why
	layer_10: oh dear whats a beast i am muttered rostof as he read the letter why
	layer_12: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he wread the letter why

file: 1701-141760-0024.flac
expected: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right let's have some
	layer_2: well haf you san gaveri fr so wit alrait lics hovso
	layer_4: well have you sent gabry ol for som wite al right lice have som
	layer_6: well have you sent gabry o for som white al rightlice have som
	layer_8: well have you sant gabrio for some wie all right lics have some
	layer_10: well have you sent gabril for some whie all right ics have some
	layer_12: well have you sent gabriel for some wie all right i's have some

file: 1701-141760-0025.flac
expected: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagration which the old countess at anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_2: and deleshefrom his parncs was anculsthelets of recumendation to begratiod whr s the ol croantarsed ana mycolof nesad vice had optain tou an aquincenc and saento er son asc amt taketo is destination and meku sof its
	layer_4: and eleshefrom his parene was ancouse e let of recumindeation to begretion where ste old contarsid anamecolofnes andvice had btan throu an aquintons and sento her sun askiimttake to is destinetion and mekeusof it
	layer_6: ind helecer from his parance was incloused ha letr of recomendetion to bagrition whirch the old contersad anemicallovners advice had obtein throug an acquintancs and sent to her son askhim to takit to its destinition and make us of it
	layer_8: and the letter from his parence was encloused ha letter of recomendation to bagrecian which the old contess at anamicallovna's advice had obtained throg an acquintance and sent to her son aski him to tak it to its destinatian and make use of it
	layer_10: and the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess at anamikalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son askig him to take it to its destinatian and make use of it
	layer_12: and the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrician which the old countess at anamikalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son askig him to take it to its destinatian and make use of it

file: 1701-141760-0026.flac
expected: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_2: wh uf ye thulo nat awa aspores
	layer_4: whi ife ye thro not away asporise
	layer_6: why have you throw not away asporrus
	layer_8: why ave you throw nit away aked boris
	layer_10: why have yo thrown ni away asked boras
	layer_12: why have yo thrown n away asked boris

file: 1701-141760-0027.flac
expected: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_2: n is some letser reckuenda she what e devle to y wontiv for
	layer_4: in is some letse o recmende siond what tha devele to i onetive fore
	layer_6: ind is some letse of reckmindatind what he devl to i wante ie for
	layer_8: in is some leter of recomendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_10: it is some letter of recomendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_12: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for

file: 1701-141760-0028.flac
expected: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_2: he luntintently un i cuianly itto his frens iyce evevat aty chrgin veame to find the aunsi to som queston
	layer_4: he looket entently un inquiranly into his friends eice evatent y tryngin vene to fine the ansir to some question
	layer_6: he looked intently uninquiranly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vin to find the anserto some question
	layer_8: he looked intently uninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vein to find the answer to some question
	layer_10: he looked intently uninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_12: he looked intently uninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question

file: 1701-141760-0029.flac
expected: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed because i knew i was right
	layer_2: whichee be leveet cics i was note shal alarmd whi s ine neui wash rite
	layer_4: which oe be leve it coine i was note sholl ar larmd whos i knew y wash right
	layer_6: which you believe at cont i was not at tall alarmed whos i knew i was right
	layer_8: which you believe at count i was not att all alarmed has i knew i was right
	layer_10: would you believe at count i was not at all alarmed as i knew i was right
	layer_12: would you believe at count i was not at all alarmed as i knew i was right

file: 1701-141760-0030.flac
expected: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_2: i kin foreworth tberxsto d oup and shold ho he prosented imself with his handt wo hs cap an ruly it wouldibendifficlt for facstexpres gratu respat and selfcomplacenci than histeds
	layer_4: i kim forwort berks tod op and should ho he prosanted himself with his handtwo his cap and relly it would a ben difficalt for afast express greate respect and self complacencey than hisded
	layer_6: i came forward berks tod up and should howe he presented himself with his hand o his cap and really it would hae been difficult for a face to express greato respect and self complacency than hisdid
	layer_8: i came forward berk stood up and should how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would hae been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than hisdid
	layer_10: i came forward berg stood up and shuwed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would hav been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_12: i came forward berg stood up and shoowed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did

file: 1701-141760-0031.flac
expected: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_2: whell he stondit my ase sing es stund and starmed an stormd
	layer_4: wel he stonmdat me as e saing es stoned and stormd and stornd
	layer_6: well he stormed it me as he sing is stoned and storned and stond
	layer_8: well he stormed at me as the saying is stamed and stormed and stoned
	layer_10: well he starmed at me as the saying is stamed and stamed and stoned
	layer_12: well he' starmed at me as the saying is stamed and stamed and stamed

file: 1701-141760-0032.flac
expected: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the saying is
	layer_2: it wis not amats of life bhet ratrof dert ha stesnes
	layer_4: it was not emato of life but rade of deth a te singes
	layer_6: it was not a matr of life but radel of death as te sing es
	layer_8: it was not a matter of life but rate of death as the sengrs
	layer_10: it was not a matter of life but rater of death as the scenrs
	layer_12: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the sceners

file: 1701-141760-0033.flac
expected: albanians and devils and to siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_2: a beatians and devols an two si bearioa said bark wit the sigeashous smi
	layer_4: il badians and devals and two sa bearia said burk with a siga sious smie
	layer_6: i'lbadians and devols and two sibria said burk with a sugiious smile
	layer_8: albedians and devils and two cybria said burk with a segecious smile
	layer_10: albadians and devils and two psyberia said burg with a segacious smile
	layer_12: albadians and devils and two syberia said burg with a segacious smile

file: 1701-141760-0034.flac
expected: still i remained silent and what do you think count
	layer_2: still i remais siant at what u thain cot
	layer_4: stil i remeine silent at what ou thin kot
	layer_6: still i reman silent at what to you think cot
	layer_8: still i remeaned silent ad what do you think cot
	layer_10: still i remain silent d what do you think cot
	layer_12: still i remain silent d what do you think cot

file: 1701-141760-0035.flac
expected: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_2: the naextit was noteveend mentiod an the ar drs of stodey
	layer_4: the nae ta it was noteve inmentiond an the ardes of thedy
	layer_6: the nek sta it was not even mentioned in the ordercs of the de
	layer_8: the next sday it was not even mentioned in the ordirs of the dea
	layer_10: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the dea
	layer_12: the next day it was not even mentioned in the ordirs of the dea

file: 1701-141760-0036.flac
expected: that's the way count said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_2: thas ther wa cot said barkh lting his pipe and e miting rings o smok
	layer_4: thats the we con said burk lating his pipe and i miting rings a smok
	layer_6: that's the wecont said burk lating his pape and emiting wrings a smalk
	layer_8: that's the wee con't said burg lating his pape and emitting rings of smark
	layer_10: that's the week cot said burg laiting his pipe and emitting rings of smark
	layer_12: that's the week co't said burg laiting his pipe and emitting rings of smark

file: 1701-141760-0037.flac
expected: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_2: yas thit was fins id rosto smily
	layer_4: yars thagt was fains id rostof smylyg
	layer_6: yes that was fincs ind rost of smiling
	layer_8: yes that was fine sind rostof smiling
	layer_10: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_12: yes that was fine said rostov smiling

file: 1701-141760-0038.flac
expected: rostov was a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate lie
	layer_2: drosto witha shresfoll yong mane and wild r no ar cit hof toldte di lepprat l
	layer_4: drusto with a srisfoll young man and wild  now ia cont have tolld e di lipperat ly
	layer_6: drosto with a trisful young man and wild r know ar coint have told tha deliperat li
	layer_8: drostofp with a tricful young man and wuld o now accout have told a deliperate life
	layer_10: brostoff with a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate life
	layer_12: brostoff with a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate life

file: 1701-141760-0039.flac
expected: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehood
	layer_2: he begant historyt menng to telt e erthing jusesor harpend be inpersetsibly in volon trly and inevei ibly heulap tincsoffalst
	layer_4: he begant his storite mann totelt ever thin juses at happend be impersetsably invull anterrly and inevitably he lap tantoffalst
	layer_6: he began his storite meaning to tell everthing jusas at happened but impercettibly inviolenterarly an inevitably he alapbsed an to fallsuit
	layer_8: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but impercetibly involuntarly and inevitably he llabsed into falsuit
	layer_10: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsuit
	layer_12: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsouit

file: 1701-141760-0040.flac
expected: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed toward boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_2: princs andro whulito helpyon man was flaserd by be as for has escistaens and ben well dhe spos to warse borese who hand mannishe to ple sin to dabefore he wis to de what yoo myn wantet
	layer_4: prince andre who light to help yon man was flaterd by be as for hes acistanc and beein weld despos to wars bores who had manished to ple sem ted a before he wished to do what young man onted
	layer_6: prince andrew who light to help young men was flatttered by bing ase for hes assistance and being well dispose to wars borus who had manished to plede s ime thed ay before he wishe to do what theyoung man wanted
	layer_8: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flatttered by being aked for his assistance and being well disposed towars boras who had managed to please him theday before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_10: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borus who had managed to pleased him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_12: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towars boris who had managed to pleased him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted

file: 1701-141760-0041.flac
expected: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contempt with which rostov from his fighting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_2: isspite a prencs angs disugreabor i ronicl tone ispat of the contat with whatcs rostof fromhys faiting army pinceof  regarded allieslatlr agedsnts on the starf of home te nu comer was evit anly wan rosto fel kon fset belushd and becam silants
	layer_4: is spat ap prince andrs disugriabore i ronical tone ispat of the contame with which rostof from his fating army pint of yu regarded alltieselitl agiance on the stargh of hem nhe new comer was evidanly wone rosto fel confusd belushed and becime silant
	layer_6: es splate o prince andrw's disagreabore a ronical ton espate of the content with which rostoff from his fating army point of iew regarded allthese litle agitance on the starf of hom the new comeer was evidently one rost ouff felt confused bulushed and became silent
	layer_8: is spaite of prince andrw's disagreeabole a ronical tone i spaite of the content with which rostof from his fating army point of view regardied all these little agitance on the staff of whom the new comer was evidently one rosto felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_10: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contemnt with which rostovf from his fating army point of view regarded all these little agitants on the staff of whom the new comer was evidently on rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_12: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical ton in spite of the contemnt with which rostof from his fating army point of view regarded all these little agitants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently wone rostov felt confused blushed and became silent

file: 1701-141760-0042.flac
expected: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one might ask about our plans
	layer_2: oresin cuied what ese ter magt be on the staf and watce witho indescression one my askubith orplins
	layer_4: bore as inquied what nuse ther might be on dhestugf and wace withougt indiscresion one my askabyt ure plins
	layer_6: borus inquied what knews ther maighte be undestauff and wace withou indiscression one my askebout our plans
	layer_8: boras inquired what news there might be undestuff and wat without indiscretion one may ask about our plans
	layer_10: boras inquired what news there might be unthe stuff and what without indiscretion one may ask about our plans
	layer_12: boris inquired what news there might be unthe stuff and what without indiscretion one may ask about our plans

file: 1701-141760-0043.flac
expected: we shall probably advance replied bolkonski evidently reluctant to say more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_2: we shal promanbly ad fanse replide bol croske evitently rellutint to seem more in he preasins of a strangur
	layer_4: we shal promably adfanse rueplie bo crosky evitently reluct ent to seem more ind epreasence of a stranger
	layer_6: we shall promably advancs replied bocrosky evidently reluctent to seeme more in te presence of a stranger
	layer_8: we shall prombably advance replied balcoskiy evidently relucted to sem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_10: we shall probably advance replied balkroskiy evidently reluctant to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_12: we shall probably advance replied bolcosky evidently reluctant to seem more in the presence of a stranger

file: 1701-141760-0044.flac
expected: berg took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_2: brctouthy oprchinate ter ask with grat politenes whr thar as was remord the alo in s  forage mony to captins of companhiy swu be dubleds
	layer_4: brctot the opetinity to ask with greae polightness where ther as was remerd the alowince of forage mone to captince of companye s wu bedubled
	layer_6: burkd at the opprotunity to ask with great polighteness wherether as was rumerd the allowencs of forege money to captince of companies who be doubled
	layer_8: burked at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was roumoured the alloance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_10: burked at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoursd the allowance of forige money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_12: berked at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumourd the allowance of forige money to captains of companies would be doubled

file: 1701-141760-0045.flac
expected: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_2: i wa stheare sad rost of anglir as if intennyto in sel the id decoamp
	layer_4: i wastere said rostof andgrul as if inteny to inseut the i decamp
	layer_6: i wash sthear sid rost of angre as if intending to insult the ad decamp
	layer_8: i wash s there said rosto angril as if intending to insult the ad de camp
	layer_10: i was there said rostov angryly as if intending to insult they ad de camp
	layer_12: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the ade de camp

file: 1701-141760-0046.flac
expected: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes there are many stories now told about that affair
	layer_2: othe slintly contentous smyol he sard yes that r many storise nho taol hrw at thatafor
	layer_4: withe slintly contemtious smyal he said yes that i many stories no toll he bat thatorfr
	layer_6: with a slintly contemptous smile he said yes that i many stories no toll hebut that efeare
	layer_8: with a sligntly contemptuous smile he said yes that i many storie's no told hebot that affear
	layer_10: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes thar ar many stories no told about that affear
	layer_12: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that ar many stories no told about that afear

file: 1701-141760-0047.flac
expected: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_2: but urstoriyse o he storays of men who apen ounto the eni is fir
	layer_4: but our storis of the stois of men who apin unto the en is fire
	layer_6: but our stories af the stories of men who ap ben under the enmis fire
	layer_8: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_10: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_12: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire

file: 1701-141760-0048.flac
expected: our stories have some weight not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_2: orstoris haf son weats not likt the stloris of tho s felows on the starf who get rewars fitho do anithy
	layer_4: oer storis have som wats not likethe stlories of thos fellows on the stag who get rewas wi thoughte doing inothi
	layer_6: our storis halve som weits not like the stlories of those fellows on the starf who get rewas without doing anothing
	layer_8: our stories have some waits not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewars without doing anything
	layer_10: our stories have some weits not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_12: our stories have some weits not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything

file: 1701-141760-0049.flac
expected: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_2: ho ever he ade dracsy you nooo mi neme and wiertof fin me be dot fogethe a dounoat r gaurd i the my self or you as havim benitsal in sellties and as a man ald tof than yyou my ed faces tleit the matr drop
	layer_4: ho ever he ad e risy you no my name and wer tof fi me be dogt foget tha  donot regad i the my self or you as havimg benat sall in sultied and as ta man old or than you my hadficees till et the mater drop
	layer_6: however he aded riing you know my name and weare to find me be don'ht forget that i do not regad ither myself or you as having been att all insulted and as a man oallter than you my advicees to let the matter drop
	layer_8: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me bu don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man oaldter than you my adviceis to let the matter drop
	layer_10: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_12: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop

file: 1701-141760-0050.flac
expected: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bow to them both he went out
	layer_2: exclame princs angre and was a boto them bolth he wenthote
	layer_4: exclem prince andru and wath a boto them borth he wentot
	layer_6: excleim prince andre and wath a bouht t of them both he went ot
	layer_8: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat of them both he went ot
	layer_10: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bowt tof them both he went out
	layer_12: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bowt of them both he went out

file: 1701-141760-0051.flac
expected: and he was still more angry at having omitted to say it
	layer_2: ind he wastol more aing ret having amith e to sirs
	layer_4: and he was ste more angread having a miy to sirs
	layer_6: and he was stell more angrt having omiyed to seairs
	layer_8: and he was still more angry at having omited to seit
	layer_10: and he was still more angry at having omitted to sa it
	layer_12: and he was still more angry at having omitted to sy it

file: 1701-141760-0052.flac
expected: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of boris rode home
	layer_2: heyoart ed his harse at wos and coldly sakunly fe abors roch hole
	layer_4: he arded his hearse at wns and caldly sekinlieve abors rod hom
	layer_6: he arded his harse at oncs and coldly taking leve a bors rod home
	layer_8: he ordered his horse at once and caldly taking leave abors rod home
	layer_10: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave a bars rode home
	layer_12: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave a baris rode home

file: 1701-141760-0053.flac
expected: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way
	layer_2: sheu d he co so had qorc ors naxty and chownhy s ther ar fahted adgetent a relay let the moter drop was the qression that waridt him all the wy
	layer_4: should hegosto had quarters naty and cholnige thar afated agitente a rely let the mater drop wath the quression that wayde him all the we
	layer_6: should he go te head qarters nexte and challnge ther afated agitent o raly let the mitterdrop wath dequesion that waied him all the w
	layer_8: should he gos oheadquarters next dy and chalnge thert affated agitant o really let the matter drop wits the question that waried him all the w
	layer_10: should he goto headquarters next day and challenge that affeted ajitant or really let the matter drop was the question that waried him all the way
	layer_12: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affeted ajitant or really let the matter drop was the question that waried him all the way

file: 1701-141759-0000.flac
expected: it was long since the rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_2: it wasloms insi rusto sad nes of niclrs
	layer_4: it was lons incserusto sad nese of niclos
	layer_6: it was longs inseer rostoh shad news of niclos
	layer_8: it was longsinc ir rosto had news of nicholas
	layer_10: it was long since i rostof shad news of nicholas
	layer_12: it was long since sir rostof sad news of nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0001.flac
expected: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_2: not sioe mit wenter was the contt laset handed aleter a dressen his sunds handratyg
	layer_4: not ill mitd winter was the contot lasd handid a later ad drest an his sunds hand rating
	layer_6: not tillmid winter was the contat last handid a leter addressd in his son's hand rating
	layer_8: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a lettter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_10: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_12: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting

file: 1701-141759-0002.flac
expected: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_2: on reseeaving ats he ranon tip to to hi stuty and alarm an hasd trinhto hi sceap notes cos te dore and be ginto red dilleter
	layer_4: on receevig ats he ranontip to to his study and alarm and hasd trinto hiskape notes closte dor and beginto redil eter
	layer_6: on receiving its he ran ontipt to his study and a larm and hast tring to hescape notic close the door and began to redoleter
	layer_8: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study and alarm and haste tring to escape notice closed the door and began to redeletter
	layer_10: on receiving it he ran on tipto to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to readthe letter
	layer_12: on receiving it he ran on tipto to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter

file: 1701-141759-0003.flac
expected: each time that these hints began to make the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhaylovna the latter very adroitly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_2: eash tin ot these hens begunto meathe trentaes anters ans sheglist un easily at the ctonte and itd an im mecollo nor the laservery adrotly tun de comvercation so inceniviceldt maters
	layer_4: eashe tin toat these hense begonto me the conters ancius and she glanstd un easillhy at the cont and it anam mecolofene the lasser very addroitly turndecomversetion to ensignivicent matters
	layer_6: each tin tat these hence began to meee the contess ancxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and ad ane micalovno the laser very adroitly turne te convercetion to ensigniicant matters
	layer_8: each tine that these hence began to meet the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anne micalovna the laster very adrotlly turned te conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_10: each time tat these hents began to meet the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at ane mikalovna the latter very adroitaly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_12: each time that these hents began to meet the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anne mikalovna the latter very adrotly turned the conversation to insignificant matters

file: 1701-141759-0004.flac
expected: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_2: bet for gornt seit be cifuil you no hort me affectyor momo
	layer_4: but for gon sei be cirfur you kno hert me afectyour momo
	layer_6: but forgon see be careful you know her t me affect your mama
	layer_8: but for gondt se be careful you know hert me affect your mama
	layer_10: but for gony be careful you know her t me affect your mamma
	layer_12: but for gon sy be careful you know her t me affect your mamma

file: 1701-141759-0005.flac
expected: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_2: no al my sw wart of oner said thetassha crussing herself i wat tel any wone
	layer_4: no a my tro ward of oner said te tasha crosing her self i wanttel any one
	layer_6: no o my tro ward of honer said netasha crossing herself i want tell any one
	layer_8: no o my tre word of honour said naetasha crossing herself i won't tell any one
	layer_10: no arm my true word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one
	layer_12: no ar my true word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one

file: 1701-141759-0006.flac
expected: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_2: ind she rino f art wse the sn er
	layer_4: and she ran o at wince toe sonur
	layer_6: and she ran off at onece to son ie
	layer_8: and she ran of at once to sona
	layer_10: and she ran off at once to sonia
	layer_12: and she ran off at once to sonia

file: 1701-141759-0007.flac
expected: she rushed to sonya hugged her and began to cry
	layer_2: she rushd o son yor hok tr and begandto cri
	layer_4: she  rushed o sonyur hokedher and beganto cri
	layer_6: she rushe to sonia hoked her and began to cry
	layer_8: she rushed to sonia howked her and began to cry
	layer_10: she rushed to sonia hoked her and began to cry
	layer_12: she rushed to sonya hoked her and began to cry

file: 1701-141759-0008.flac
expected: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolute strides
	layer_2: is t th all you wimen arcc riby besiomort ptur picseen e room mith lse resilat stridtes
	layer_4: is two the all you wimen u cri ba be sio art peyur pssing tha roomith lage resil it strides
	layer_6: its to the all you woman ar cri beaby so art petia pessing the room ath lage reilete strites
	layer_8: it's to thet all yu women are cry babys remarke petia peassing the room it large resolete strihtes
	layer_10: it's tro that all yuw women are crybabies remarked petia pessing the room with large resolete strites
	layer_12: it's to that all yew women are crybabies remarked petia pessing the room with large resolete strites

file: 1701-141759-0009.flac
expected: you are all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_2: your al bluperas an an di stin nutyi
	layer_4: youre al blubers and andistand nothing
	layer_6: your all blubbers and undestand nothing
	layer_8: you're all blubberors and understand nothing
	layer_10: you're all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_12: you're all blubberers and understand nothing

file: 1701-141759-0010.flac
expected: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_2: thet tashu smyilthlou hartiars
	layer_4: the tasious smil throug hrtears
	layer_6: the tashies smile thrugh her tears
	layer_8: tetaches smiled thrugh her tears
	layer_10: natashas smiled through her tears
	layer_12: natashas smiled through her tears

file: 1701-141759-0011.flac
expected: what nasty brutes they are
	layer_2: what nasty brit s theaor
	layer_4: what nasty brits the or
	layer_6: what nasty brits the ar
	layer_8: what nasty brits the are
	layer_10: what nasty brits thee are
	layer_12: what nasty bruts thee are

file: 1701-141759-0012.flac
expected: hold your tongue petya what a goose you are
	layer_2: wholgyu tonpiter what a goushou ar
	layer_4: hold you tompedte what a goos ou are
	layer_6: hold your tong pi to what a goos you are
	layer_8: hold your toge pie what a goosh you are
	layer_10: hold your tonge pito what a goos you are
	layer_12: hold your tongue pitto what a goos you are

file: 1701-141759-0013.flac
expected: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas
	layer_2: son you smilds tou irememberd the clus
	layer_4: son your smileds do i remembrn nhe clesse
	layer_6: sonyu smild do i remembered ne clusse
	layer_8: sonia smiled do i rememberd niclas
	layer_10: sonia smiled do i remember niklas
	layer_12: sonya smiled do i remember niklas

file: 1701-141759-0014.flac
expected: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_2: i  imebennecalling to tu irmem br hin welsheus said
	layer_4: i amembenicollaing co too i remember him well she said
	layer_6: i d amember nicolleingcor two i remember him well she said
	layer_8: i  remember nikholinke too i remember him well she said
	layer_10: i remember nicholinka too i remember him well she said
	layer_12: i remember nicoleinka too i remember him well she said

file: 1701-141759-0015.flac
expected: no she shut her eyes
	layer_2: no she shut herise
	layer_4: no she shut her rise
	layer_6: no she shut her es
	layer_8: no she shut her eyes
	layer_10: no she shut her eyes
	layer_12: no she shut her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0016.flac
expected: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_2: she feltht sun yor was spekin a thuth that thet wr such love rs sin yr wasspeking orf
	layer_4: she fel that sinar was speking a tuth that thet wors such love a siniar was speking of
	layer_6: she felt that sonia was speaking te truth that the was such love as sounir was speaking of
	layer_8: she felt that sona was speaking the truth that there was such love as snia was speaking off
	layer_10: she felt that sonia was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonia was speaking of
	layer_12: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of

file: 1701-141759-0017.flac
expected: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_2: shebllevet a coud be bit didnor un destandes
	layer_4: she blieaved hat could be but dit no un de stand its
	layer_6: she believed hit could be but did not understand its
	layer_8: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_10: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_12: she believed it could be but did not understand it

file: 1701-141759-0018.flac
expected: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_2: sh you ragt to heim she ast
	layer_4: shal you right to him she ust
	layer_6: shall you rigt to him she asked
	layer_8: shal you write to him she asked
	layer_10: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_12: shall you write to him she asked

file: 1701-141759-0019.flac
expected: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_2: nae thet he was oready an ofiser and at woundid hear whultit be ragteo reminet him oferself ined asit migt sem of the oplogations to ha he atakon on himself
	layer_4: ne that he was l ready and officer and a wendid hearu whild it be rigto reminthim of erself and as it mighte seem of the ublogations to her he had takn on himself
	layer_6: newr that he was already an officer and i winded herow wuld it be right to remindt him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_8: now that he was already an officer and a woinded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_10: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_12: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself

file: 1701-141759-0020.flac
expected: i don't know
	layer_2: i t ot no
	layer_4: i tout kno
	layer_6: i dou't kno
	layer_8: i don't know
	layer_10: i don't know
	layer_12: i don't know

file: 1701-141759-0021.flac
expected: sonya smiled no
	layer_2: su you smiles no
	layer_4: soyou smiles no
	layer_6: soes smiles no
	layer_8: sona smiles no
	layer_10: sona smiles no
	layer_12: sona smiles no

file: 1701-141759-0022.flac
expected: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was how petya described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he meant natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_2: is becl she was an lo withaut fat wan his spato cls that waser picthoard escraiet his ne amsk the nw cot biswoucof ad noi shes a lowithoi sengor he met netasshius at tion sim master dhats wicheus thar shand
	layer_4: is beclie she was an lo with hat fat one his speticals that was o piture descraed his ne m sak the new cot besucolf ad now shes an lo with i singur he med netashes itoioan seegm master dhat swi shes ta shend
	layer_6: es becaunt she was an love withthoat fat one his specticals that was ho piture descried his nam sak the new cot besucof and now she's an lovewith out singer he med natashes attlin siging master that swi she's asheaned
	layer_8: it's because she was in love with that fat one is spectacles that was ho piture disgryed his namseek the new cout byzukof and know she's in love with hat singer he med natasha's atalian snging master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_10: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was ho pitar disgraied his namesak the new count bezukov and now she's in love with haut singer he met natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_12: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was ho pitar disgraied his name sak the new count bezukov and now she's in love with thaut singer he met natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed

file: 1701-141759-0023.flac
expected: petya you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_2: pat ac youra schuped said hetashe
	layer_4: pitt ur yourascuped said etasie
	layer_6: pitur youresciperd sid netashar
	layer_8: pier your astupid said natasha
	layer_10: piter you'r stupid said natasha
	layer_12: piter you'r stupid said natasha

file: 1701-141759-0024.flac
expected: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhaylovna's hints at dinner
	layer_2: the con tessit be prprd by animyculofhrs has a dener
	layer_4: the contersaid beem propeared by unime colones hente at denner
	layer_6: the countes had been propeared by unimicalloveness hents at denner
	layer_8: the countes had been prepeared by anamicalovns hints at dinner
	layer_10: the countess had been prepared by animikalovna's hints at dinner
	layer_12: the countess had been prepared by animicalovna's hints at dinner

file: 1701-141759-0025.flac
expected: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuffbox while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_2: a retirin to her on room she satin an arn cr her i s ak thon hi menitchaportat vorsin un the lid of a snepoks whare tht ears cat com insto her ics
	layer_4: on retiring to her on rom she satinan armchere her ee fixs d on amanich apourtrat hov er sun on te lid of a snuf boks where the tear's cet coming into her es
	layer_6: on retiring to her owrn room she satin an arm cher her eyes fixed on a menasa portrat of her son on the lid of a snugfh boxs while the tears ckep coming into her eyes
	layer_8: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armcheear her eyes fixed on a menaturare portrate of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_10: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm char her eyes fixed on a minature portrat of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_12: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchear her eyes fixed on a minature portrat of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0026.flac
expected: the count put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_2: the cite prithis artof the ke har and lessend
	layer_4: the cot pit is ear to the kehole and lessend
	layer_6: the conte pritis ear to the kehol and lissend
	layer_8: the couts prett hise ear to the keyhal and lisstened
	layer_10: the counts prit his ear to the keyhall and listened
	layer_12: the counts prit his ear to the keyhall and listened

file: 1701-141759-0027.flac
expected: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anna mikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_2: at farse here to snd of ideffent voices then annermmecllovnas fse alon an alon spech thena cry then silans then bloth foice hes togather with glid intinations and thean fout stips
	layer_4: at forsy hear esoned of indifferent voicies then anamycollovenes foice alon an a long spech then acry then silans then both foiceies together with glad inteneations and thenfout sdeps
	layer_6: at firct he heard te sound of indifferent voices then anemicallovener's voice alon ind a long speech then a cry then silenc then both voicies together with glad intenations and then foot steps
	layer_8: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then anemicalovnar's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voces together with a glad intinations and then footsteps
	layer_10: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then anemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then footsteps
	layer_12: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then anemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then footsteps

file: 1701-141759-0028.flac
expected: anna mikhaylovna opened the door
	layer_2: aninyolovf no open titdor
	layer_4: animy colona open te dor
	layer_6: anemmicolovna open the door
	layer_8: ami olovna opened the door
	layer_10: anmy kalovna opened the door
	layer_12: animi calovna opened the door

file: 1701-141759-0029.flac
expected: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_2: ben she heardte sonya blusht so that searse kam into her is and un abile to ber the loxs trnde poun her ranawy andto the dancsi hal whorow drind es at filspeet with har dres poftartli caboln and flushet and smyily plpt didonte flore
	layer_4: when he herde sonya blushed so that ters cim into her eys and un able to bear the lugs turned epon her ranewe into the dancing hol whor ow d rindtet at fil sped with her dres poftoutle cabeluone and flushed and smily pluptd dinon deflour
	layer_6: when she heard dess sonya blushed so that ters cme into her eyes and un able to bear the looks turned upon her rann awa into the dancing hol where oldrined it at fill speed with her dress pafed out lica beloon and flushed and smiling plumped dine on de floor
	layer_8: when she heard this sonia blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the luks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hol wherold roundit at fill speed with her dress poffhed out lik a baloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_10: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the luks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall wherold round it at fill speed with her dress puffed out lik a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_12: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the luks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall wherold round it at fill speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor

file: 1701-141759-0030.flac
expected: the countess was crying
	layer_2: the cuntes was crn
	layer_4: the conters was crayng
	layer_6: the countess was craying
	layer_8: the countess was crying
	layer_10: the countess was crying
	layer_12: the countess was crying

file: 1701-141759-0031.flac
expected: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_2: from a he sis wan should be glidad nout cri
	layer_4: from ar he says wone should beglad ad not cry
	layer_6: from ar he says on should be glad id not cry
	layer_8: from al he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_10: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_12: from all he says one should be glad and not cry

file: 1701-141759-0032.flac
expected: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_2: ho chominly he di sgraibe sad shh wuting te dhescrept if pati theleter and wat a sol
	layer_4: ho charminly he desgrayb said she wreding the descrept hove partof the leter and wat a sol
	layer_6: how charminglly he discraib said she reading the discript ivf part of the letter and what a sol
	layer_8: how charmingly he described said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_10: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_12: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul

file: 1701-141759-0033.flac
expected: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_2: all was said whend he was ony so hy i all was sat
	layer_4: i allwas said when he was ony so hy i al was said
	layer_6: i alwars said when he was only so high i al was said
	layer_8: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_10: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_12: i always said when he was only so high i always said

file: 8173-294714-0000.flac
expected: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_2: i h en tol tha misthervembrat is anpresen for det esaid
	layer_4: i hv eemtold that mister vembrant is anpresen for det i sad
	layer_6: i have ben told that mister vambrant is in presen for det i said
	layer_8: i hae been told that mister vambrante is in presen for det i said
	layer_10: i have been told that mister vambrant is im prisen for debt i said
	layer_12: i have been told that mister vambrant is im prisen for det i said

file: 8173-294714-0001.flac
expected: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_2: and a salforme sov last nat the head lef tyou hoplis
	layer_4: and i sol fr y self lass nint theat he hd lef you holples
	layer_6: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you huples
	layer_8: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hepless
	layer_10: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hepless
	layer_12: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopless

file: 8173-294714-0002.flac
expected: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_2: e afh me the luttla mony he had with him won he was arested she recoin saply
	layer_4: ki lath me the littl mony he had with him when he was arested she regoin saly
	layer_6: ge lef me the little money he had with him when he was arested she regoined sadly
	layer_8: e left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_10: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_12: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly

file: 8173-294714-0003.flac
expected: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_2: his cr cretiders a mornt tolin the he aise fort the poverty that his falnonous
	layer_4: his crel crediders an mor toblan an he is for the poverty that his fallan onus
	layer_6: his cruwl credaders and more to blaned han he is for the povety that his follen on us
	layer_8: his cruel creditors and more to blan than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_10: his cruel creditor is ad more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_12: his cruel creditor is and more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us

file: 8173-294714-0004.flac
expected: even this negative defense of van brandt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_2: even eus nageten to fens of hen bret stomme to t e quik i oto hivesbokan wor gartedsly of him misait biterly
	layer_4: eveniss nageted to fence of en breapt stunme to the quik i ofght to have sbok an wore gartedly of him y said biterly
	layer_6: even this negedi to fence of an braped stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken wore gardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_8: even this neggata efencofe anbrappt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_10: even this negative deffense ive vanbrampt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken moreguardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_12: even this negative deffense ive vanbramt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly

file: 8173-294714-0005.flac
expected: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can inflict on her when he is the man whom she loves
	layer_2: i ato hever membrd that a women tcin for giv omls an rong than a mam can an softun her when hears an man hm she lee
	layer_4: i oto have r memberd that a woman kin for give amolst any rong than a man can an sict n her when hes han man whom she lov
	layer_6: i ought to have remembered that a woman kin forgive almost any rong than a man can in sloked on her when he hs tha man whom she loves
	layer_8: i ought to have remembered that a woman kan forgive almost any wrong than a man can an loked on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_10: i ought to have remembered that a woman kan forgive almost any wrong than a man can inflict on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_12: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can inflict on her when he is a man whom she loves

file: 8173-294714-0006.flac
expected: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_2: she plue her hand om ymouh and stotme thefori co sany mor
	layer_4: she plet her hand a my mouth and stoupt mne befor i coud sa any more
	layer_6: sheput her hand o my mouth and stopp me before i could say any more
	layer_8: she put her hand on my mouth and stoppe me before i could say any more
	layer_10: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_12: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more

file: 8173-294714-0007.flac
expected: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_2: aging s biex socrlisome che ast
	layer_4: hakin ous bekso crulys ome she ast
	layer_6: howkan you seak so cruwly to me she asked
	layer_8: how can you speak so cruely to me she asked
	layer_10: how can you speak so cruely to me she asked
	layer_12: how can you speak so cruely to me she asked

file: 8173-294714-0008.flac
expected: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_2: you no to my shame i con festetyu thelas tom y met ye knol the my hart an seqrit is all yoars
	layer_4: you kno to my shame i confestit you the last ome wy met you kno that my heart in sekrit is all yors
	layer_6: you know to my shame i confest it to you the last home we met you know that my heart in secret is all yoours
	layer_8: you know to my shame i confessd it to you the lastime we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_10: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_12: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart ind secret is all yours

file: 8173-294714-0009.flac
expected: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_2: whut brong a yu taking ou
	layer_4: what brong a you taking o
	layer_6: ant brong are you tacking o
	layer_8: whant wrong are you talking of
	layer_10: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_12: what wrong are you talking of

file: 8173-294714-0010.flac
expected: is it the wrong i suffered when van brandt married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_2: is it the ro e sufered wenven brat marid nee withthe wi lifving atthe tin and livhing stil
	layer_4: is it the rong i suffered weneven brant marid me with a wife living at the tinme and living stil
	layer_6: is it the wrog i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_8: is it the wrog i suffered when van branmp married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_10: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_12: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still

file: 8173-294714-0011.flac
expected: do you think i can ever forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_2: deas thinkakonovi foreget the grateasortionom my life the misforchion that hus maenme unmwor the of you
	layer_4: dese think ikan over forget the greateimesfortionof my life the missforcten that has made me un wore the of you
	layer_6: do you think i canever forget the greatmess fortion of my life the missforton that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_8: do you think i cannever forget the great misfortion of my life the misfortune hat has made me unworthy of you
	layer_10: do you think i cannever forget the great misfortun of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_12: do you think i cannever forget the great misfortun of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you

file: 8173-294714-0012.flac
expected: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who is playing out there with her doll is my child
	layer_2: it is no faltof mined gade nos but it is not the les tro that y ae not mryde and thet the littol jarling whowas plaing out ther with her dal as mechild
	layer_4: it is no faltof mined god nows but it is not the les true that i am not marid and that the little jarling who as plaing out ther with her dal os my child
	layer_6: it is no falt if mine god nose but it is not the less true that i am not maried and that the little jarling who was plaing out there with her dall oi's my child
	layer_8: it is no fault if mind god knows but it is not the less true that i am not maried and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll os my child
	layer_10: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who as playing out there with her doll os my child
	layer_12: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll os my child

file: 8173-294714-0013.flac
expected: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_2: ang you tok of my bin your wa noing that the chad ex seps meus er sucon faother esaid
	layer_4: and you talk of my being your wife nowing that the chaled excepts me as her sec on father i sad
	layer_6: and you talk of my being your wife nowing that the child excep me ase her sicond father i said
	layer_8: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child eccept me as her second father i said
	layer_10: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_12: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said

file: 8173-294714-0014.flac
expected: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as the child pride she repeated
	layer_2: i woul bee butter an hap bar for asboth itf hou hat as littl prid as af chilt pri she repeatae
	layer_4: it woul be beter and ha yar for as boh if you had as little priede as a chilt prigd she repeti
	layer_6: it would be better in happ iear for us both if you had as little pride as ta child pride she repeted
	layer_8: it would be better an happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_10: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_12: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated

file: 8173-294714-0015.flac
expected: in such a position as mine
	layer_2: in suchapisishon is mi
	layer_4: in such aposision ets min
	layer_6: in such a position as mine
	layer_8: in such a position as mine
	layer_10: in such a position as mine
	layer_12: in such a position as mine

file: 8173-294714-0016.flac
expected: a helpless woman with a mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_2: e heoles womin with the mok uspeen in prusen fordet
	layer_4: a helbles women with the mak husben anprison for det
	layer_6: a helbless woman with the mak husban in prison for det
	layer_8: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for det
	layer_10: a helpless woman with the mock husband im prison for debt
	layer_12: a helpless woman with the mock husband im prison for debt

file: 8173-294714-0017.flac
expected: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_2: at m i somari yu frmihetan shaltar
	layer_4: and mih tomarry you for my oud an shelter
	layer_6: ad my to mary you for my fd and shelter
	layer_8: a i to marry you for my food an shelter
	layer_10: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_12: am i to marry you for my food and shelter

file: 8173-294714-0018.flac
expected: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_2: ind mitsa maryyou becousersd nill lofule ti th at bi ancs we to t e fathere my child
	layer_4: ind mi tomar you becausther's now loffl ti that byi ncs me to the father f my child
	layer_6: ind my to marry you because thereis no loful tye that by anse me to the father of my child
	layer_8: and i to marry you because therei's no lawful tie that bins m to the father of my child
	layer_10: am i to marry you because there 's no lawful tie that bins me to the father of my child
	layer_12: am i to marry you because there 's no lawful tige that bins me to the father of my child

file: 8173-294714-0019.flac
expected: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_2: b is he is he his not forsikengme heas been for s taway
	layer_4: bat ais he is he his not for sakang me he his ben forse toway
	layer_6: bat as he is he his not for saken me he has been force away
	layer_8: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_10: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_12: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away

file: 8173-294714-0020.flac
expected: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_2: mat owy frend is a pasipl that yuth thinkwhe ungra fulano to concen tod beyar wi
	layer_4: miy olly friend is at possivle that you think me ungreaful anoth to consen to be ar wie
	layer_6: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungraful enough to concent to be your wife
	layer_8: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_10: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_12: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife

file: 8173-294714-0021.flac
expected: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_2: the wotmanan misetoation must be hatl sanded who cou destoi ar plice on the astomation of th e wiled a the regart of e frence
	layer_4: the women in mysitoation must be heartles inded who koudestory her place in the astimation of the world in the regard of yefrince
	layer_6: the woman and misetuation must be heartless indeed who coud destroy oer placed in the estimation of the world in the regard of you friens
	layer_8: the woman and my situation must be heartless indeed who coud destroy yoer place in the estimation of the world ind the regard of yur friends
	layer_10: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_12: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world ind the regard of your friends

file: 8173-294714-0022.flac
expected: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_2: ther recetis creter thout wasa striso whi srin from triding an nout way
	layer_4: theg rechedis creathure thout waksa streds which srink from tridting ou en that way
	layer_6: the rechidis creatur that walkes e streeds which srink from treeting you in that way
	layer_8: the wrechedest creature that walks the streets whilch shrink from trating you in that way
	layer_10: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets whilch shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_12: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets whoich shrink from treating you in that way

file: 8173-294714-0023.flac
expected: oh what are men made of
	layer_2: o wutter then matof
	layer_4: ow whater men maduf
	layer_6: oh whater men made of
	layer_8: no what are men made of
	layer_10: o what are men made of
	layer_12: o what are men made of

file: 8173-294714-0024.flac
expected: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_2: hom kan u ho teangi spek o e
	layer_4: homcan you ho cang ou sbek of it
	layer_6: how can you how cang you speak of it
	layer_8: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_10: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_12: how can you how can you speak of it

file: 8173-294714-0025.flac
expected: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_2: a yal ded an spookoit no moar
	layer_4: i oul ded and spooke of it no more
	layer_6: i yel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_8: i yel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_10: i yelded and spoke of it no more
	layer_12: i yieldid and spoke of it no more

file: 8173-294714-0026.flac
expected: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_2: every wor she uttered onlhe incris my avdemeration of the noble creatur whom ive had lut andlost
	layer_4: every wore she outtered only incresd my admiration of the noble creture whoom i ve had loped and lost
	layer_6: every word she uttered only incresed my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_8: every word she uttred only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i ve had loved and lost
	layer_10: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_12: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost

file: 8173-294714-0027.flac
expected: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_2: biterly as i haded te mand wme paredeu an lothrdyrly ano to be evhen capwle of hoping him for hersak holisinvactation
	layer_4: biterly as i hated the man who a partedust a lovther dearly anough to be even capvle of holping him for her sake hoplecanvachuation
	layer_6: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted usts i loved her dearly anough to be even capable of holping him for her sake hupless invatuation
	layer_8: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_10: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_12: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation

file: 8173-294714-0028.flac
expected: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_2: a do to niet i don oxkusi holbles in bacuatihon yeou hefer give me i said
	layer_4: i do't do ni et i downt excusit hopless in bacuratiom you hav fergiven me i sid
	layer_6: i don't deniet i don't excuse it hopless in vaturation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_8: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless invacuration you have forgiven me i said
	layer_10: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infaguration you have forgiven me i said
	layer_12: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infaturation you have forgiven me i said

file: 8173-294714-0029.flac
expected: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_2: lat ma doserov to be forgivn
	layer_4: lat me dser of to be forgiven
	layer_6: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_8: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_10: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_12: let me deserve to be forgiven

file: 8173-294714-0030.flac
expected: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_2: it ea sumthintod bear ony frend
	layer_4: it i somthingto bear ongly frend
	layer_6: it is something to be ur only friend
	layer_8: it is something to be our only friend
	layer_10: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_12: it is something to be your only friend

file: 8173-294714-0031.flac
expected: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_2: you mus t heav planct fr thef huter tomme unreserveed ly ha i cin hopou
	layer_4: you must havp plancs fr the hutur tl me unreservedly how i cin hopyou
	layer_6: you must have plance for the uture tell me unreservidly how i can helpe you
	layer_8: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can helpe you
	layer_10: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_12: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you

file: 8173-294714-0032.flac
expected: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_2: complay thegoen wr that y hu begon she ancsr gratfuily heolt my bact te heuf
	layer_4: comlade the good work that you have begon she ancswer grat fuly helt me backd to holf
	layer_6: complee the good work that you have begun she answered greatfully helt me back to houf
	layer_8: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratfully help me back to halth
	layer_10: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to helth
	layer_12: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to helth

file: 8173-294714-0033.flac
expected: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_2: makme stroin ofto said mit to ha docders estonm it of mychenc soflohing for somyarsiet
	layer_4: nake me stronginof to sid mit to adocters estimit of mychencisofliving for some iyarsyet
	layer_6: make me strongenough to sumit to a doctor's estimit of my chansts of living for some years yet
	layer_8: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_10: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_12: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet

file: 8173-294714-0034.flac
expected: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_2: a doucters esto nmit of ear chanctes ofveloving airrapetie wetu men
	layer_4: a doctrs as timate of yourchanceis ofv living i repetid whiad you men
	layer_6: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repated what doyou mean
	layer_8: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_10: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_12: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean

file: 8173-294714-0035.flac
expected: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_2: i harvly no hat toyu she said without sbekin agen of missterfven brent
	layer_4: i harly know ha to tellyu she said withougt sbeking agan of mister ven brent
	layer_6: i hardly now had to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_8: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_10: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_12: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant

file: 8173-294714-0036.flac
expected: does speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_2: duspeking of him agannin s picing of histet sit ast
	layer_4: despeking of him again nan spicing of his tet siy asd
	layer_6: despeaking of him again nean speaking of his dets i ased
	layer_8: des speaking of him again mean speaking of his dets i asked
	layer_10: de speaking of him again mean speaking of his dets i asked
	layer_12: te speaking of him again means speaking of his dets i asked

file: 8173-294714-0037.flac
expected: why need you hesitate
	layer_2: whi me to hadetet
	layer_4: whi mee to hediteae
	layer_6: whyme do hudatape
	layer_8: why meaon o huetape
	layer_10: why me yo haitae
	layer_12: why me yo haditate

file: 8173-294714-0038.flac
expected: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties
	layer_2: you now hat thers nothing havln nont tu to aleve gyuor ingsidyig
	layer_4: you know that there is nothing  wil not du to ilieve yor ingsity
	layer_6: you know that there is nothing i will not do to elieve your insieti
	layer_8: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your enxiety
	layer_10: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your aniety
	layer_12: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxiety

file: 8173-294714-0039.flac
expected: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_2: nefer let w tel the planto
	layer_4: neer let ye tayo te plantroue
	layer_6: nefer let me tell you a plain tru
	layer_8: never let me tell you a plan tru
	layer_10: never let me tell you a plain truth
	layer_12: never let me tell you a plain truth

file: 8173-294714-0040.flac
expected: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_2: thers a seris sust por his gaing out of pien
	layer_4: there s a serias mesusite for his gatting out of prion
	layer_6: there is aserious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_8: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_10: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_12: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison

file: 8173-294714-0041.flac
expected: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_2: yes thisus his position in t warits a ltta wasencse a taden exsl an ofer v en ploiman a brod thom har rich rello thiv of his and head min al his aringemens twoxupti
	layer_4: yes thisus his pusition intwo wor ts a litl wilsence he atand an exland ofer of in ploimen abrod tomar rich rellative of his and he had man all his a ringemess to xcuptit
	layer_6: yes this is his position in two worts a little whille sence he aptained an excelent offer of impoyment a broad from a rich relative of his and he had man all his arangements to except it
	layer_8: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employtment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had mane all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_10: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_12: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it

file: 8173-294714-0042.flac
expected: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_2: in hapaly hea eretrent toly aof is goiforcion and issainm day he was arested for dect
	layer_4: an hapily he returnt teley of is good forton and ssam day he was arested for det
	layer_6: an happily he returnedo tellme of his good fortun and a same day he was arested for det
	layer_8: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and a same day he was arrested for det
	layer_10: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_12: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt

file: 8173-294714-0043.flac
expected: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_2: this nard that had been set for her withs tlinlemreofveld in us rwrts
	layer_4: thesnarnd that had beenset for her withs cplainly rveld in os ware woars
	layer_6: the snar that had been set for her with clainly revield in hose warwoards
	layer_8: the sner that had been set for her wits plainly revealed in those warwords
	layer_10: the smar that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those warwords
	layer_12: the smare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those warwords

file: 8173-294714-0044.flac
expected: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_2: in the i of the la she was of cuoars i sin e omen she wase of age she was to alantent ad perpices her on mistre
	layer_4: in the ig of the la she was of coursce asengl women she was of atge she was to all antense and perpices her own mistrets
	layer_6: in the eye of the lo she was of courst a single woman she was of adge she was to all intens and purposes her own mistres
	layer_8: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intends and purposes her own mistres
	layer_10: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_12: in the eye of the la she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress

file: 8173-294714-0045.flac
expected: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give van brandt a direct interest in her death
	layer_2: hat was threto revunt herom and shuring holigfif sheplsd and from so dosposing of the in shurents astegave fam bre a torect inhrist in herd da
	layer_4: what was there to brevrant herf fom ind shuring her life if she plesd and from so doisposing of he indsurns asty give fem bran an to rect intrest ind her dath
	layer_6: what was there to erevrent her from in shurring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the incurens as toe give famberaad direct intereset in her death
	layer_8: what was there to revent her from insurring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give fambera a direct interest in her death
	layer_10: what was there to prevent her from insurring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vambra a direct interest in her death
	layer_12: what was there to prevent her from insurring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vambra a direct interest in her death

file: 8173-294714-0046.flac
expected: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_2: tinsto the habe asidon of mo hisision the won sertn way apreltecing her ley easanly with themareach
	layer_4: things to the hapbi axcida of myp hosition theh one sertan way a prtecting her ly easinly with imirrech
	layer_6: thinks to the happy acxcidant of myposition the one certain way a protectning her lay easinly with tim my rach
	layer_8: thinks to the happy accident of my position theug one certain way o protecting her lay easinly within y reach
	layer_10: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_12: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach

file: 8173-294714-0047.flac
expected: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_2: i coud alfor to len the scoudr the mane t a he oaonete an owris notes and heuwasamanto exepi repos a quigt tots eusaly ars icol make
	layer_4: i could olfer to len the scoundrl the mony tat he wanet an an ours notis and he was aman to excep mi preposel quit tits easily as i could makt
	layer_6: i could offord to lendthe scoundrel he money that he wantded an an ours notice and he was a man to except my proposel quite tis easily as i could make it
	layer_8: i could offered to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hours notice and he was a man to except my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_10: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to axcept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_12: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to axcept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it

file: 8173-294714-0048.flac
expected: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_2: you r cuit wasdiaken er epligd
	layer_4: you re quite misdak en er replide
	layer_6: you are quite mosstaken i replied
	layer_8: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_10: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_12: you are quite mistaken i replied

file: 8173-294714-0049.flac
expected: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_2: imoly doting wetheyr pliamfher weleaving nisser vean brant of his ainbarsnencs is quites u simplasy suppose
	layer_4: i amonly dowting whetheyoar plime her releaving nisstr ven brant of his inbarsmence is quihtese simplas ye suppose
	layer_6: i am only doubting whether your plyin for relieaving nistur van brant of his imbarisments is quite sa simple isy suppose
	layer_8: i am only doubting whether yor plam for relieving mister vanbrant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as o supposed
	layer_10: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving misteur vanbrant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_12: i am only doubting whether your plam for relieving mister vanbrant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as yo suppose

file: 8173-294714-0050.flac
expected: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_2: i you a wr rof te do lays at tr lely to ta plase befor ible he possible to brwm moniing he palse vend surintc
	layer_4: i you iawere of the delay s hat er likely to take place before ible ye possible to bar mony ing a policy ofend curence
	layer_6: are you aware of the delays hat are likely to take place before itbl be possible to barw money ong a policy of incurence
	layer_8: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on a policy of ansurance
	layer_10: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on yoar policy of insurance
	layer_12: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on yoar policy of insurance

file: 8173-294714-0051.flac
expected: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_2: i kno nnting aboutt she said sadly
	layer_4: i know nothing about it she said saidly
	layer_6: i know nothing about it she sid sadly
	layer_8: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_10: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_12: i know nothing about it she said sadly

file: 8173-294714-0052.flac
expected: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_2: wieh yoe let ny ast id fie of mytlorge
	layer_4: wi you let me asd idvice of mytlowrs
	layer_6: wil you let me asked idvice of my lors
	layer_8: wile you let me asked advice of my lawyers
	layer_10: will you let me ask th advice of my lawyers
	layer_12: will you let me aske th advice of my lawyers

file: 8173-294714-0053.flac
expected: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_2: they ar crust wery anes beri ans men and am sr thei con beovfe hu s teu
	layer_4: they are trust warly an experianset men and i'm sur thei con be ofe use t you
	layer_6: they are trust wherely anexperienct men and i am sure the canbe of use to you
	layer_8: they are trustweretly anexperienced men and i am sure the can be of use to you
	layer_10: they are trustwerthy an experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_12: they are trustwerthy an experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you

file: 8173-294714-0054.flac
expected: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_2: cashu sly as i had xpest myel hr del cisy tock ty alarm
	layer_4: cosiously as i had xpest myself her dellicasse tiok the alarm
	layer_6: cauciously as i had expresse myself her delicay took the alarm
	layer_8: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_10: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_12: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm

file: 8173-294714-0055.flac
expected: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_2: promysat you won asnmi tobaram mony of ho frmischeo em brean she r jaoind and owl ex sep to houd grafuly
	layer_4: promis at you won asmy to baro mony of oeu fr mister em branc she rjoind and owil excep tr holed grapully
	layer_6: promise that you won't asked me to baro money of hyou for mistr vam branc she rejoined and i will except your helpd gratpfully
	layer_8: promised that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister vamnbrance she rejoined and i will eccept your help gratefully
	layer_10: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister vanbranc she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_12: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister vanbranch she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully

file: 8173-294714-0056.flac
expected: i could honestly promise that
	layer_2: i cud oniusly pomens ta
	layer_4: i could oni ly pommos thack
	layer_6: i could honously promise tatk
	layer_8: i could honestly promised that
	layer_10: i could honestly promise that
	layer_12: i could honestly promise that

file: 8173-294714-0057.flac
expected: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue
	layer_2: my won chencs of saveing herlay eping from her nalge to cors er a had now do termin topr sou
	layer_4: my wonechance of saving her lay keeping from her nallige the corsha a had nowt determen ti crse
	layer_6: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her nowlege tho courseha i had now determine to cersu
	layer_8: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursu
	layer_10: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursu
	layer_12: my one chance of saving her lay inkeeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursu

file: 8173-294714-0058.flac
expected: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_2: i rose toc whonmareusoflitionstilsustametomy
	layer_4: i rose to go wheemarresoltionstil sastanedo me
	layer_6: i rose to go while ma resolution still sustained me
	layer_8: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_10: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_12: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me

file: 8173-294714-0059.flac
expected: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_2: cis na sheo wasprid thefy ou gou
	layer_4: is m she wasprd bhefor you go
	layer_6: kissed m she wisbeird before you go
	layer_8: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_10: kissed me she whispered before you go
	layer_12: kisse me she whispered before you go

file: 8173-294714-0060.flac
expected: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_2: it is anly har goodnisseatforpourisnme
	layer_4: it as ontly har good nesset over powrs me
	layer_6: it is ontly er goodnes at over powers me
	layer_8: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_10: it is only er goodness that overpowers me
	layer_12: it is only her goodness that overpowers me

file: 6267-53049-0000.flac
expected: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_2: its a sattin for byteto lac branse han she woncs tro be utecer isunte
	layer_4: its asedt thing for obytde tolact brains when sheoance to be ateacur is enti
	layer_6: its a sat thing for a body to lack brains when she wance to be a teachure is'n'tid
	layer_8: it's a sad thing for a body to lak braine when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_10: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_12: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it

file: 6267-53049-0001.flac
expected: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the older sister wistfully
	layer_2: then e lol the hast tonet so hard or wengtr at she has an gonme any war  the athor se ste weast fuoy
	layer_4: ben alope has toedsow hard orl wentr at she has and gonm anywre jhald the allther sester wist fourly
	layer_6: phen a lopy hastod so hard ar winter ad she has n't gone anywere jould thee older sistere wistfully
	layer_8: when alopy has stund id so hard ar winter and she hasn't gone anywhere jol the older sister wistfully
	layer_10: when alopy has stud it so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere jod the elder sister wistfully
	layer_12: when alopi has stud it so hard al winter and she hasn't gone anywhere jold the elder sister wistfully

file: 6267-53049-0002.flac
expected: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_2: doris tremd of pretetresses othad niht and tod abut dan alte nex thay
	layer_4: toris tremed of pretitresses al at night and thot abolt them al the nex tay
	layer_6: dorris ramed of pretit resses all that night and thougt about them all the nex day
	layer_8: dories dreamed of preiresses all that night and hougt about them all the next day
	layer_10: doris dreamed of pretiresses all that night and thougt about them all the next day
	layer_12: doris dreamed of preti resses all that night and thougt about them all the next day

file: 6267-53049-0003.flac
expected: so it must be confessed did penelope though she would not have admitted it for the world
	layer_2: so et most becon fhas thibeninnobe h she would not haveled miti t fr the orn
	layer_4: so it must becon fas thi penilobe tho she would not haveet mightet at far  the wod
	layer_6: so it must be confest dhipenelopy though she would not have at mightid it for the wald
	layer_8: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have atmightet t for the warld
	layer_10: so it must be confessed did peniloi though she would not have admigted t for the world
	layer_12: so it must be confessed did penilopi though she would not have admited it for the world

file: 6267-53049-0004.flac
expected: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_2: she mu dut ten innope had startet alt to sa a nu dres
	layer_4: she knu that enalope had startit out to say anew dress
	layer_6: she knew that enelopy had started out to sa a new dress
	layer_8: she knew that enelopi had started out to say a new dress
	layer_10: she knew that penilopi had started out to save a new dress
	layer_12: she knew that penilopi had started out to save a new dress

file: 6267-53049-0005.flac
expected: doris hunter i believe it's an old quilt
	layer_2: toris canter i belive its an ad que
	layer_4: toris conter i belive its an oald quilt
	layer_6: dor is hanter i belive its and old quild
	layer_8: doris hunter i believe it's an old quiled
	layer_10: doris hunter i believe it's an old quid
	layer_12: doris hunter i believe its an old quiled

file: 6267-53049-0006.flac
expected: listen penelope my dear doris
	layer_2: i sanm tenaothe mi der dois
	layer_4: lisenmepanalothy miydea dorie
	layer_6: lisene panaloy my dear doris
	layer_8: lisene peneloppy my dear doris
	layer_10: listen peneloy my dear doris
	layer_12: listen penalopy my dear doris

file: 6267-53049-0007.flac
expected: love to penelope and yourself
	layer_2: lof to beanin o and yoor se
	layer_4: lof to pan an op and your se
	layer_6: love to peneob and your self
	layer_8: love to pene ob and yourself
	layer_10: love to penilop and yourself
	layer_12: love to penilob and yourself

file: 6267-53049-0008.flac
expected: your affectionate aunt adella hunter
	layer_2: yoo afecthoet ond u the a hant
	layer_4: you affecionat ounmt a thelahantr
	layer_6: your affectionat ount at telahanter
	layer_8: your affectionae out a delahaunter
	layer_10: your affectionate ount a delahanter
	layer_12: your affectionate ount adelahanter

file: 6267-53049-0009.flac
expected: i don't see its beauty said penelope with a grimace
	layer_2: i don seis buti sat than n nopy weth agrit
	layer_4: i don se its buty sad than anopy weith acrit
	layer_6: i don't ce its bauty said than anoppy weith a gra
	layer_8: i don't se it's beauty said ten anopy wet a gra
	layer_10: i don't see it's beauty said penanopy whit a gray
	layer_12: i don't see it's beauty said penanopy wit a gray

file: 6267-53049-0010.flac
expected: it may have been pretty once but it is all faded now
	layer_2: it to may hae benprety wonse lut it is a ited now
	layer_4: it may have beenprety wance bat it is al saidi now
	layer_6: it may have been prety woance but it is allcided now
	layer_8: it may have been prettty once but it is all sided now
	layer_10: it may have been pretty once but it is all sided now
	layer_12: it may have been pretty once but it is allsided now

file: 6267-53049-0011.flac
expected: tell me dorrie does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_2: ter me doy dus i ar wh an lackof trooryspactfr my un sustors that tha cant fe try and tosiustek aover dhes haroo he speciely wan gronde mother honter die eurs befor i was bor
	layer_4: ter me dory tos it ar go alack of cropory spact fror my unsustorse that thi cant el very andtosiustic over dese her lon he spesiully en grund mather honter ditd yurs before i wasbor
	layer_6: ter me dory des it argo a lack of croper respact for my unsestorse that i can't eel very andtusastic over tdhis hair lon especially when grund mather hunter did years before i was bor
	layer_8: tel me dory does it argu a lack of croper respect for my unsestors that i can't feel very anthusiastic over this hair loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was bor
	layer_10: tell me dory does it argu a lack of proper respect for my ansestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this hair loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_12: tell me dory does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ansestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this har loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born

file: 6267-53049-0012.flac
expected: it was very kind of aunt adella to send it said doris dutifully
	layer_2: i oas tvhery gind o aond u therl uto sendi  sat dors doty fol
	layer_4: it was very cindof onmt a theire a to sendit said tois dty foly
	layer_6: it was very kind of omd a terelato cendit said torise duti fully
	layer_8: it was very kind of aumd adea to send it said dorice dutyfully
	layer_10: it was very kind of armt adela to send it said dorise dutyfully
	layer_12: it was very kind of armt adela to send it said doris dutyfully

file: 6267-53049-0013.flac
expected: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelope
	layer_2: whid the ron sides aver so moch preatyr than d rihtd hisclaned benan opy
	layer_4: wyd therong sie is eveer so much preat yur thanterihe iscland peni opy
	layer_6: why the rong side is ver so much preetiur than the wigt is clained pene lopy
	layer_8: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier than the right eclaimed penelopy
	layer_10: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier than the right exclaimed penilopy
	layer_12: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier than the right exclaimed penilopy

file: 6267-53049-0014.flac
expected: what lovely old timey stuff and not a bit faded
	layer_2: what lovenly alds dimy stus a not o beae sate
	layer_4: what lovely alds dimmy stufs at not abet sade
	layer_6: what lovely alld' dimy stuff at not a bat sadid
	layer_8: what lovely all  dimy stuff at not a beat sadid
	layer_10: what lovely ol dimy stuff at not a beat saet
	layer_12: what lovely ol dimy stuff at not a beat saet

file: 6267-53049-0015.flac
expected: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_2: i he gler it is as cd ansmu
	layer_4: i te cler it is as god ans mou
	layer_6: i declar it is as god ans mew
	layer_8: i declare it is as good ads muw
	layer_10: i declare it is as good as mu
	layer_12: i declare it is as good as mu

file: 6267-53049-0016.flac
expected: well let us go and have tea said penelope i'm decidedly hungry
	layer_2: war lat tous gho anm ha's t saed en  loby i he side dle honry
	layer_4: werl lett as gao and ha'f jheep said ena lopy i e sitily hungry
	layer_6: well letaus go and have geep said enelopy i decitedly hungry
	layer_8: well let us go and have cheep said pnelopy i deciedly hungry
	layer_10: well let us go and have cheep said penellopy i decidedly hungry
	layer_12: well let us go and have cheap said pennellopy i decidedly hungry

file: 6267-53049-0017.flac
expected: besides i see the poverty pucker coming
	layer_2: he sit i se the overf ty akold coin
	layer_4: esite i se the over tey boked commin
	layer_6: esites i see the overte poccld coming
	layer_8: besides i see the povertye bocl coming
	layer_10: besides i see the poverty bokul coming
	layer_12: besides i see the poverty bokul coming

file: 6267-53049-0018.flac
expected: it is something to possess an heirloom after all
	layer_2: it hi sutinkt to asys an hard lon aoftet o
	layer_4: it isomting to foses an heanlon oftar o
	layer_6: it is something to waurses and ha lome after all
	layer_8: it is something to vos and had lom after all
	layer_10: it is something to voces and ha long after all
	layer_12: it is something to vaces and had long after all

file: 6267-53049-0019.flac
expected: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart could wish when doris flashed out upon her triumphantly on the evening of the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation of dainty rose besprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_2: then alo be wasa rise as mich as the dender sestorly hart cold resothe wha doris flraisetolt apon hr teon fan tle an the ivnint on dhe barti we the breacxs certnhise let pras and re hon and the prekist wace i matinome a wase that was a asitivf cratien f thanturostas princodp seek wie t gartel ant noats of lak vee
	layer_4: ben alobewasol prise as mich as the tandr se stirly hert cod esionthe when doris flahet out opon her ton fantly and the ivenin onthe parti wen the brexscur nisly pras and ree hong and the preatest wacst i maginemra waced that was apositivf creation af theyn u rosbes princld silk wih a gurtl ant nouts of leack vee
	layer_6: phenelo py wasal prised as much as the tender sistirly herd cod wishoe when doris flashed out upon her ton fantly and the eveningt on the party winh the placxs curt nicetly prasd and re hung and the pretest wastim maginar awast that was a positive cration off thein'teu rasbas prinkled silk with a girtl and nouts of lack veve
	layer_8: pen elopy wasumprised as much as the tender sisterly heard could wish when dories flashed out upon her too fantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the pretest wast imaginab a wast that was a positive cration off tainte ros bes prinkled silk with a girtle and noutes of black veve
	layer_10: penelopi was suprised as much as the tender sisterly hurt could wishe when dorrie flashed out up on her to fantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettest waste imaginabl a waist that was a positive creation f denty ros bessprinkled silk with a girtle and notes of black velvet
	layer_12: penelopi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hurt coold wishe when dorris flashed out up on her t fantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettest waste imaginable a waist that was a positive creation f denty ros besprinkled silk with a girtle and notes of black velvet

file: 6267-53049-0020.flac
expected: so penelope went to blanche's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_2: so thend anoty wen to bransparty and her trasias du meration ol avry gor ther
	layer_4: so ten alopy wen to blanesparty and her thras mas thd meration of avery grl ther
	layer_6: so phen alopy wen to blangh sparty and hered resmas th admuration of avery gir ther
	layer_8: so then elopi went to blanch sparty and her dres was the admiration of every girlter
	layer_10: so phnalopi went to blanch sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl the
	layer_12: so penalopi went to blanch sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl ther

file: 6267-53049-0021.flac
expected: penelope thought her altogether charming
	layer_2: end ter ot besaod hr out to geler sar mene
	layer_4: en the lo besold her ol to geersarming
	layer_6: fhen e lok besoud her al togethersarming
	layer_8: when he lo be toud her altogethersharming
	layer_10: when e lov bethougt her altogethercharming
	layer_12: when e lov bethought her altogether charming

file: 6267-53049-0022.flac
expected: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself
	layer_2: she lno sas if she had juts tapt ad of the fray o somnlovly ald betr she sa to har sen
	layer_4: she lowsas if she ha justs thapt oudt of the frame of some lovely alt becur she saye to hersene
	layer_6: she lues as if she had justtapt out of the fram of some lovely alt peature she say to her selnf
	layer_8: she lusas if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old peeture she sayd to herself
	layer_10: she lousas if she had just stapped out of the frame of some lovely old peecere she sayid to herself
	layer_12: she loupsas if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old peechere she said to herself

file: 6267-53049-0023.flac
expected: my aunt adella gave me gave us the material she stammered
	layer_2: wyt ont u thelu ge me gevf as ther motia sh stany
	layer_4: my ont athella gete me geve as thr mottr oa shestamr
	layer_6: my ount adela geve me gave as there matral she stammorit
	layer_8: my ount adela gave me gave us ther materia she stamorte
	layer_10: my aunt adela give me gave us ther moterial she stammerd
	layer_12: my aunt adela give me gave us ther moterial she stammerd

file: 6267-53049-0024.flac
expected: i am named after her missus fairweather suddenly put her arm about penelope and drew the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_2: ian thad afto her micisfar water sutenliypwot her arm abao benalolbe and u thyoun gard to har halovely alld ae ad glo wetelidt and densernes
	layer_4: i named oftr her mesis fairwather saenlypot her arm oaboutbanalope and du the youn gor to her herlovely oald fae ad glo witelit and tenderness
	layer_6: im named after her missus fair water sudenly put her arm about panelopy and udthe  young gird to her her lovely old face a glo with delight and tenderness
	layer_8: im named after her missus fairewater suddenly put her arm about penelopy and duwed the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_10: i am named after her missus fair watter suddenly put her arm about penelopie anddruw the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_12: i am named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopi anddu the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness

file: 6267-53049-0025.flac
expected: then you are my grandniece she said
	layer_2: ther youar mi groant nes she sait
	layer_4: the you are my grunt nes she said
	layer_6: the you are my grant ns she said
	layer_8: the you are my grandt nies she said
	layer_10: the you are my grand knece she said
	layer_12: then you are my grand kniece she said

file: 6267-53049-0026.flac
expected: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud silk if i came across it in thibet
	layer_2: when n y soy o tres i tun sr yo were of  lahteit tohar i sholdricold niyed that tros bod se a eif i kamoncrars t inte be
	layer_4: whene i sowwior tres i fulc sur you were ore lited to her i should ricod nide that tor os bod sl eif i cam acros id inte bea
	layer_6: when i sowor tres i feld sure yhou were  religted to her i should recognite that ros bot sil if i came acros it intybet
	layer_8: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were religted to her i should recognize that rosbud sil if i came across it inty bet
	layer_10: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that ros but stil if i came across it intibah
	layer_12: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that ros but still if i came across it intibat

file: 6267-53049-0027.flac
expected: penelope was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_2: an an n ope whs for eurs all dtored dhan i as bat we war thefaltit to echother
	layer_4: tan al olpe was foreaeurs alterd than i was bat wewere thefoltit to each ather
	layer_6: pan elopy was for  years alder than i was but we were dhe voulted to each other
	layer_8: panelopi was four years older than i was but we were devolted to each other
	layer_10: panalopi was four years older than i was but we were devolted to each other
	layer_12: panalopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other

file: 6267-53049-0028.flac
expected: soon after this our mother died and our household was broken up
	layer_2: so noufsto de sourdmyther diyd and d or haes od was brokin ut
	layer_4: so nofhta de shor mather did and ourhas alld was broken ap
	layer_6: sonafter dheis hor mother did and our hus alld was broken up
	layer_8: son after this our mother died and our hs ald was broken up
	layer_10: soon after this our mother died and our hous alld was broken up
	layer_12: soon after this our mother died and our hous cald was broken up

file: 6267-53049-0029.flac
expected: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_2: whi a ammol ry longny ad womr we hno bade b lon in to me
	layer_4: mitear i amolery longly ald womer wehs no bide blongin to me
	layer_6: my dear i amo ery longly alld womern wih no bady belonging to me
	layer_8: my dear i am a very longly old woman wih no body belonging to me
	layer_10: my dear i am a very longly old woman wich nobody belonging to me
	layer_12: my dear i am a very longly old woman which nobody belonging to me

file: 6267-53049-0030.flac
expected: now she patted missus fairweather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_2: nou shebaten mesis fir wethers safd alld han a fetionatly
	layer_4: nou she paten messes fire wethers soft ald han af fectionatly
	layer_6: now she patend misus fire wathers soft ald hand affectionatly
	layer_8: now she patened missus farewathers soft ald hand affectionately
	layer_10: now she patered missus fairwatthers soft old hand affectionately
	layer_12: now she patered missus fairwatter's soft old hand affectionately

file: 6267-53049-0031.flac
expected: doris and penelope found their lives and plans changed in the twinkling of an eye
	layer_2: toriys and benan obe fant deorlevs and pras cjanged in the tin cling of une
	layer_4: toris and penaope fant terlievs and pland's changed in the twin clin of an i
	layer_6: noris and penellopy found their leaves and prlancs changed in the twint cling of une
	layer_8: doris and penelopi found their leaves and prlans changed in the twin cling of ane
	layer_10: dorris and penilopi found their leaves and plans changed in the twint cling of ani
	layer_12: dorris and penilopi found their leaves and plans changed in the twint cling of an i

file: 6267-53049-0032.flac
expected: when missus fairweather had gone doris and penelope looked at each other
	layer_2: whan mis husfire wethorl hat gon doriysan bun aloe be loked at e joder
	layer_4: wen missus feirwater had gon dorisan ben alo pe loked at echader
	layer_6: when missus far weter had gone doris and penalope looked at ech odher
	layer_8: when missus farweter had gone dories and penaloby looked at each other
	layer_10: when missus farwetter had gone dores and penelopy looked at each other
	layer_12: when missus farweter had gone dories and penelopy looked at each other

file: 6267-65525-0000.flac
expected: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from below
	layer_2: at she slepet into heard ro brein toafstanoon dres haer ond cao to har fron be lel
	layer_4: at she sleapetinto her blow preein thafta non dras her ound could to her from belo
	layer_6: at she slaped into her bluk print afternon ress her aunt call to her from bilo
	layer_8: as she sliped into her blu brined afternoon dress her aund called to her from bilow
	layer_10: as she sliped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from bilo
	layer_12: as she slipped into her blue prinet afternoon dress her aunt called to her from bilo

file: 6267-65525-0001.flac
expected: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clinging to the other
	layer_2: an jan astening at the fod of thesters wic a lampeing one hant and the yu ad ba be claingging to the other
	layer_4: aon jen astanding at the fod of the sters wich alamping one hand and the er ald bay be clanging to the other
	layer_6: on jenwastanding at the fort of the stars wich a lamping one hand and the er alld baybe clanging to the other
	layer_8: un jane was standing at the fort of the stairs wich a lamp in one hand and te ear old baby clanging to the other
	layer_10: aunt jane was standing at the fort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the yer old baby clanging to the other
	layer_12: aunt jane was standing at the fort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the yer old baby clanging to the other

file: 6267-65525-0002.flac
expected: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_2: she as o tec shape plis ommon we theron gd neterdt face jerfort and valer as the sun slowr was omt jan at al dims and o casions
	layer_4: she as a beak sha plis omone weh te roun god nachurtd face chrefor and voler as e sunflouer was ondt jain at all times and ocasioncs
	layer_6: she was a bick shaplice womane with aroun good natured face chearfor and voler as i a sunflower was ont jain at all times and occasions
	layer_8: she was a bigk shaplesce woman with a round good natured face cheerfor and vollgaur as e sun flower was ound jane at all times and occasions
	layer_10: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfur and vulgar as e sunflower was auntd jane at all times and occasions
	layer_12: she was a big shapless woman with a round good natured face cheerfulr and vulgar as he sunflower was and jane at all times and occasions

file: 6267-65525-0003.flac
expected: i want to run over and see how missus brixby is this evening siddy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_2: it n trone ovor andse ha missus bixs be is ths ivenin sithiy and yu musttake cirf the beabyteu ligat thaeck
	layer_4: i won trone over ancy how miss us bixs be s this iveningd sity and you musttake cre of the baby teu laget thack
	layer_6: i won'to roun over andsee how missus big be s this evening city and you must takecare of the baby tli get back
	layer_8: i want to run over and see how missus bigs be is this evening city and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_10: i want to run over and see how missus bigsby i tis evening sity and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_12: i want to run over and see how missus bigsbe is tis evening sity and you must take care of the baby till i get back

file: 6267-65525-0004.flac
expected: sidney sighed and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_2: se the siht and wen donster for he taby
	layer_4: se ney sie and wen donstir for the baby
	layer_6: sin ay sie and wen donster for the baby
	layer_8: siney sigg and went downster for the baby
	layer_10: sid e si and went downstars for the baby
	layer_12: sid e sighe and went downstars for the baby

file: 6267-65525-0005.flac
expected: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_2: a hor dase wer alie as farars ard work and doun is wlen but chye sep the thenjuer fory and onco laningde
	layer_4: all her tayse were alike as faras hard work and dollnis wen but aceptthe themjure fory and oncomplaningty
	layer_6: all her tays were alike as faras hard work and dalness went but hye axcepted them terfury and uncomplainingly
	layer_8: all her days were alike as fras hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_10: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_12: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly

file: 6267-65525-0006.flac
expected: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_2: but che thedtd re san having to nlk ast ord the bayey wand shye won te th rit herd letter
	layer_4: but shi thid resand having to lolk ostor the baby wern she ante the rit he letter
	layer_6: but she did resand having to look after the baby wheren she wanted to rit her lettter
	layer_8: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to rite her letter
	layer_10: but she did recent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_12: but she did recint having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter

file: 6267-65525-0007.flac
expected: the room was small a mere box above the kitchen which sidney shared with two small cousins
	layer_2: ther ro as mon a mare buk sabo the kacing wecho seideneyshargyt tots mar casens
	layer_4: the romas mone amare boksuboe the kachin wi h seevein they shard wet tods mor cousence
	layer_6: the roomast mon a marboxs abov the kaching which seedin the sharkweit tots more cousence
	layer_8: the rou masmon a mar box above the katchng which seetin a shar weat tws more cousins
	layer_10: ther rumasmon a mar box above the kitchen which seetin a sharp wit twosmor cousins
	layer_12: ther rumasmon a mar box above the kitchen which seattin a sharp wat twosmor cousins

file: 6267-65525-0008.flac
expected: her bed and the cot where the little girls slept filled up almost all the available space
	layer_2: har betd an the caut wer ta leto gars la e thout amaos altet afthatabon spase
	layer_4: hear bad an the cout wer the leto geor slaptd eltout armos alte of vailaber space
	layer_6: her bed and the cout where the liter girslepet illed up armost alder of velabure space
	layer_8: her bad and the cout were the little girs leped iled up armost al de a valable space
	layer_10: her bad and the cot where the little girs lapt iled up almost all the available space
	layer_12: her bad and the cot where the little girls slappt filed up almost all the available space

file: 6267-65525-0009.flac
expected: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth zigzagged from ear to ear
	layer_2: to the that bucteclar ango on ih o pert to be as larg asan oringe e the a ther wase the siself a pe and the mot sexougd frome er to ear
	layer_4: tof the lhat buteculeur angr one i apear to be as large as an oringe wil the other was the sis of ope and the mont segxogd from r to er
	layer_6: juf the tat particlar angel one i appeare to be as large as an orenge hile the other was the scize of ape and the mout sexaged from er to ear
	layer_8: just a that particular angle one eie appeared to be as large as an orange hile the other was the size of a pe and the mount zexaged from er to ear
	layer_10: just at that particular anglre one eye appeared to be as large as an orange hile the other was the size of ape and the mounth zexagd from er to ear
	layer_12: just at that particular angele one eye appeared to be as large as an orange hile the other was the size of ape and the mounth zixaged from er to ear

file: 6267-65525-0010.flac
expected: sidney hated that mirror as virulently as she could hate anything
	layer_2: se lhe hei ted that muras vidrllatly a sheqoultage aniting
	layer_4: seen ne heted that mras virrelaly at shecoutate aniting
	layer_6: sin ehated at miras verolagly as she could hade aniting
	layer_8: sin i hated that miras very ligely as she could hade anything
	layer_10: si a hated that mira's very likely as she could hate anything
	layer_12: sine hated that mira's very likly as she could hate anything

file: 6267-65525-0011.flac
expected: her mother had died the day after and sidney thereupon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_2: thand mo ther had ded to vhay oftof and se ny ther apon had con into ther hanse of god aon t jang wect dos bolk s fore hord dory se is notingars as leat afstotheexpansys oftet dobor fiknr ow had bheney
	layer_4: her mather had tid to tey oftor and siny ther apon had com into the handcs of good ount jan wih dos boks for herd dory se s notingas was latt aftarte expancies of the taberl finurar had bena
	layer_6: her mother had died to they after and sina theire upon had come into the hands of good ount jain wich dos boaks for herd dory sis noting ells was lett after the expances of the dobel fineralr had bena
	layer_8: her mother had died to day after and sina ther upon had come into the hands of good ount jane which tose boks for herd dory since nothing else was left after the expansies of the doubl finerr had been pay
	layer_10: her mother had died to day after and sidna ther upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those boks for herdory since nothing else was left after the expenses of the doubl funerel had been pay
	layer_12: her mother had died to day after and sidne ther upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those boks for herdory since nothing else was left after the expenses of the doubl finerel had beenpay

file: 6267-65525-0012.flac
expected: presently she began to write with a flush of real excitement on her face
	layer_2: frs ently sheu begent to rwih weh the rloassalf freally xcikman on har face
	layer_4: prsently shou begen to wrieweh the floshal frearccikemen t on her face
	layer_6: presently shoed beganto rit with the flashao freel excitement on her face
	layer_8: presently she began to wit with tha flush of frel excitement on her face
	layer_10: presently she began to write with a flush of freal excitement on her face
	layer_12: presently she began to write with a flush of freeal excitement on her face

file: 6267-65525-0013.flac
expected: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editor of the maple leaf
	layer_2: alnly one ansrn cam t alan dugness and tat las for warthit tohrebihd the long seuering adetor aha maprlife
	layer_4: aonly one anser came to alanduglness and that was for warthe to her byid the long selfering at etor of themaporlif
	layer_6: only one anser came to elan dugless and that was for warte to herbyid the long selfering addithor of the mapper liefe
	layer_8: only one answer came to alen dagnas and that was forwarted to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mappal lef
	layer_10: only one answer came to alan daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering aditor of the maper lef
	layer_12: only one answer came to alan daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mapor lef

file: 6267-65525-0014.flac
expected: he wrote that although his age debarred him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for correspondents
	layer_2: hou rod dat ado his adtti bird him fron mam ber shpeing the clo hou was pandy and tha leyt was et et radt the let thers of dto dhe pardmn wicmochin trest and al fome had tald of anceryng som o dhor quest farqareson thets
	layer_4: he row dat alo his ageto bard he im from mampership ing the clab he was twraenty and tha lamit was aten he rat the letters of the the partment wih marchin tress and alforn had tould of ancerin som of thery quest forqres on theats
	layer_6: he rod that aldow his agti bird him from mamper ship in the clp he was wenty and the limit was eighteen he red the leters of the department with marching trest and ofform had thoult of ansering some of the request for cress on teads
	layer_8: he wroed that allow his agtiburd him from mumbership in the clob he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he wread the letters of the department with marching trest and offom had thought of answering some of the request for cressd on tets
	layer_10: he wrote that aldo his agte burd him from membership in the clob he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he rad the letters of the department with marching trest and offom had thought of answering some of the requests four cresst on dets
	layer_12: he wrote that aldo his agetep bird him from membership in the clob he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with marching trest and offom had thought of answering some of the requests four cresst on dets

file: 6267-65525-0015.flac
expected: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_2: he never had don so bad alan doeler sers lat ther wa soing tresting that he hat the sided trihte toar
	layer_4: he never had donso bd alan tholes sess lather wae sowing thresting that he hadt tesided torighte to her
	layer_6: he never had don so but ellandagless sus lether was so in tresting that he had decided to right to her
	layer_8: he never had done so but elen daglesus letther was so intresting that he had decided to writ to her
	layer_10: he never had done so but elen daglessus letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_12: he never had done so but elen daglesus letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her

file: 6267-65525-0016.flac
expected: would she be kind enough to correspond with him
	layer_2: wot she be king i noufd thecar es aornm wyth him
	layer_4: woult she be king in nouh to coresbporm wit hm
	layer_6: woulh she beking inough to correspormd with him
	layer_8: would she beking enough to correspond with him
	layer_10: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_12: would she be king enough to correspond with him

file: 6267-65525-0017.flac
expected: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_2: tou as to eurs ald fromte eas and ad notadt for gouten to bev haomsek a dines
	layer_4: you as to yurs oud from the est and had notyedt for gotan to bev homsek at tindes
	layer_6: he was to years out from the east and had notyet forgoen to be home sik at tins
	layer_8: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at tints
	layer_10: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homsik at times
	layer_12: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesik at tines

file: 6267-65525-0018.flac
expected: sidney liked the letter and answered it
	layer_2: see na like theletter and ansr ed e
	layer_4: seivena like the leater and aserad e
	layer_6: seiv nay like the leter and anserad i
	layer_8: citne like the leatter and answerad a
	layer_10: cine like the letter and ansard i
	layer_12: cifne like the letter and answerad i

file: 6267-65525-0019.flac
expected: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_2: shenaverixpec thet to me donlingcom nar ded she eed to dosal
	layer_4: she never expec tet to metjonlincom narde she weashed to doselw
	layer_6: she never expected to met onlincom nor did she weash to dosa
	layer_8: she never expected to meet john lincom nor did she wishd to do so
	layer_10: she never expected to meet john lincol nor did she wishd to do so
	layer_12: she never expected to meet john lincol nor did she wish to do so

file: 6267-65525-0020.flac
expected: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure
	layer_2: in the cores lon dhencesouv shefnt hoar laton
	layer_4: in the corusontasit sol she fand her plation
	layer_6: in the coresponders itselvf she found her plation
	layer_8: in the corespondecs itself she found her plation
	layer_10: in the corespondance itself she found her placion
	layer_12: in the correspondance itself she found her plation

file: 6267-65525-0021.flac
expected: john lincoln wrote breezy accounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug humdrum plainfield life that sidney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf when she opened a letter from the bar n as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_2: jondin gong rad breasi aconse of frainge life and ha anters onm the farwesstom lans so a narn and modh fromn s no hom dram rain fei life that sing ty alys hadt thetsensation af crousing o goufw an shd aen alat ther from the bar and asforste nase aoon leter this is the way itred a sh rolty
	layer_4: junlincong rout greasacounce of frangeh life and he vhenurs on the farwes tom lans so anan and r modh froms noge ham dram brain feile life that sing tey aorwyse had thit sensation aoff crosing a gofwer an she apen alater from the bare and as forsi nayse on leater this is the way it read as she routy
	layer_6: jonlingcon rot brisiac councs of frange life and hatventurs on the far westome plains so anian and remod fromsnag ham dram plrain felld life that sing tay alwayse had thet senzation of crossing a garf wheren shed opened a later from the bar and as for inacs own leater this is the way it red as she routit
	layer_8: jon linon rod briziyaccounts of franch life and adventures on the far westom plains so alnian and remote from snug ham dram plrainfild life that sinay always had the senzation of crossing a garlfwern she opened a leter from the barand as for sygnay's own leatter this is the way it read as she roti
	layer_10: jon lincon wrot brizi accounts of franch life and adventures on the far western plains so anian and remote from snug ham dram plainfield life that sia always had the sensation of crossing a galrlf werin she opened a letter from the bar and as for signa's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_12: jon lincon wrote brizi accounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alian and remote from snug ham dram plainfield life that sila always had the sensation of crossing a galf werin she opened a letter from the bar and as for sina's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it

file: 6267-65525-0022.flac
expected: the evergreens plainfield dear mister lincoln
	layer_2: the aver grens trantu dher mistrelinco
	layer_4: the avr greans branful dher msterelingcon
	layer_6: the ver greins prainfiell dear misterlinco
	layer_8: the ever grens brainfile dear mister lincol
	layer_10: the ever grens brainfield dear mister lincol
	layer_12: the ever grens brainfield dear mister lincol

file: 6267-65525-0023.flac
expected: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laughter and conversation
	layer_2: i lov lifh and itsplom and brelancy i llve meting u beappe i o the reople of miusy the omol lavfeter and comvercation
	layer_4: i love life and itsplme and brelancy i love mating ou pepel i lov the reopl of meusy the hmofloaveter and comvorsation
	layer_6: i love life and its ploom and briliancy i love meting neu people i love the reple of musy the hamof loauveter and conversation
	layer_8: i love life and its blom and briliancy i love meeting new people i loved the repl of musy the ham of louvder and conversation
	layer_10: i love life and its bluom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the reeple of musy the ham of louvter and conversation
	layer_12: i love life and its bluom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the reeple of musy the ham of lauvter and conversation

file: 6267-65525-0024.flac
expected: the man i had been talking with was paul moore the great novelist
	layer_2: the men i had ben toking wed was por mar the gradt noltes
	layer_4: the met i had ben touking wed was po mor the grae noteri
	layer_6: the men i had been talnking wit waspol mor the grate novrie
	layer_8: the mean i had been talking with was po more the great noveris
	layer_10: the men i had been talking wit was pol mor the great novri
	layer_12: the men i had been talking wit was po mor the great noveris

file: 6267-65525-0025.flac
expected: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the insight he himself has given me
	layer_2: as e gas i had con tr thetet him dlis and he had laufdand ligkt butt is bous wi alllars havea o mening to me handse foart tro that in sidd he himsae as piven me
	layer_4: as eqwas i had contorthicted him dowis and he had loftandt lightet but t his both wl allrwese have r nu maning to me hands fort tru that insied he himsave has given me
	layer_6: as it was i had contrdicted him tois and he had laugedtand liket it but his both wil always have a new maning to me han'se fordt tru ta inside he himself has given me
	layer_8: as it was i had contradicted him towis and he had lougghed and liked it but his bokth will always have a new meaning to me handcefort tru that inside he himself has given me
	layer_10: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loughed and liked it but his both will always have a new meaning to me henceforth true that inside he himself has given me
	layer_12: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had lougghed and liked it but his both will always have a new meaning to me henceforth true that inside he himself has given me

file: 6267-65525-0026.flac
expected: it is such meetings as these that give life its sparkle for me
	layer_2: i this such mitings at tha thes that gve life it s barcoformy
	layer_4: it i souchmatings at t dhese that gevelife itsparcoldforme
	layer_6: it is such matings at  des that give life it sparkl for me
	layer_8: it is such medings at these that give life it parkle for me
	layer_10: it is such metings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_12: it is such meeatings at these that give life it sparkle for me

file: 6267-65525-0027.flac
expected: you will be weary of my rhapsodies over her
	layer_2: you e a b way of mig ropsothes alver har
	layer_4: you we ha be wary of might rop soves alvor heir
	layer_6: you we hale bee wery of mig ropsotiese overar
	layer_8: u wh been wary of my ropsodes overair
	layer_10: we hve bee wary of my rapsodes overfare
	layer_12: y wea been wary of my rupsodes overfar

file: 6267-65525-0028.flac
expected: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mood
	layer_2: theu has im pu the and on the standin for myh arvrimo
	layer_4: che has simpothie and an the standing for my averiymo
	layer_6: she has simpoty and under standing for my everymo
	layer_8: she has simpaty and understanding for my everymo
	layer_10: she has simpaty and understanding for my everymo
	layer_12: she has simpathy and understanding for my everymo

file: 6267-65525-0029.flac
expected: yours sincerely sidney richmond
	layer_2: yars sincirlitseein natracm
	layer_4: oars sincerli sin nat rechmo
	layer_6: yoors sinserly sin na richmar
	layer_8: yours sinserly si na richma
	layer_10: yours sincerly sina richma
	layer_12: yours sincerly sina richmar

file: 6267-65525-0030.flac
expected: aunt jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_2: o jain caim aonm presenty and carid awey har s libing baby seev nay saut her praars when teleat and slet saon lyt an sir anil sh mayld harlattorr the next tea and the mon te lat or and aun sokin
	layer_4: ot jain came hom prently and caried away her asliping baybe seevny sad her prars when to bad and sleptd sondly and seranil she mald harlattr the nex tay and the mon tolater and aunsorking
	layer_6: out jain came hom presently and carried away her asliping baby seed nay satd her praiers whent to bet and slept soundly and sirranily she maled her leter the next da and the mont later and aunswer kime
	layer_8: oud jane came home presently and carried away her sleping baby snay sat her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and ceranily she mailed her latter the next day and the mont later and answer came
	layer_10: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cydna said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cerenily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer came
	layer_12: ot jan came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cidna said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cerenily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer came

file: 6267-65525-0031.flac
expected: sidney did not sleep that night but tossed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_2: se ma di not sleve that nigt but dosd raslile abarto crd ing hear pelal
	layer_4: seid made not sleve that night but tos raslyssly abato crad in her pelol
	layer_6: sid may de not slive that night but dost rastlessly abouto crid in her pilol
	layer_8: sitmay did not slep that night but dost restlessle about ar cryid in her pillow
	layer_10: cidna di not sleep that night but doset restlessly about or cryd in her pilow
	layer_12: sidna did not sleep that night but doset restlessly about or cryid in her pillow

file: 6267-65525-0032.flac
expected: the good woman shook her head
	layer_2: that good wommon sk hrha
	layer_4: thaet god wormon shok her ha
	layer_6: the goodwormon shok her ad
	layer_8: the good wormon shok her had
	layer_10: the good woman shook her had
	layer_12: the good worman shook her had

file: 6267-65525-0033.flac
expected: sidney trod the way of the transgressor and found that its thorns pierced to bone and marrow
	layer_2: se ltheyk traot the wa of da trans gresoer and fon datits thinse brs to bon ande nol
	layer_4: sheney trout the way of he trans gresser and tondatits thoncs beirst to bone and maro
	layer_6: si nay troud the way of the trancs gresser and tound hat its tons prst to bon and marow
	layer_8: sitiny trot the way of the transgressor and found that its tonspurst to born and marrow
	layer_10: siting a trod the way of the transgressor and found tat its thons birst tobon and marro
	layer_12: siting i trod the way of the transgressor and found tat its thons burst to bon and marro

file: 6267-65525-0034.flac
expected: you see that road out thar
	layer_2: yi se that therod ald  thar
	layer_4: i see that therod alt thor
	layer_6: u see that trod out tar
	layer_8: you see that road out dar
	layer_10: you see that road out dark
	layer_12: you' see that road out dark

file: 6267-65525-0035.flac
expected: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distant sea visible
	layer_2: and there was now harber orlints al thestens thisibu
	layer_4: and there was now harber orglimps aof thistoncy thisibu
	layer_6: and there was no harbour or glimps of distancy visibul
	layer_8: and there was no harbour or glimps of distancy visible
	layer_10: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancsy visible
	layer_12: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distansy visible

file: 6267-65525-0036.flac
expected: had the hotel keeper made a mistake
	layer_2: hand the haltoof kpr mid the hs take
	layer_4: had the halto keper miy them mistake
	layer_6: had the halter keeper myte mistake
	layer_8: had the haulter keeper mi te mistake
	layer_10: had the halter keeper made a mistake
	layer_12: had the halter keeper made a mistake

file: 6267-65525-0037.flac
expected: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreens but myself
	layer_2: ths is his plae no boty carse the evrgling bu my se
	layer_4: this is his place nobody coarsit the evergrian but my see
	layer_6: this is his place no body coursit the evergreen but my self
	layer_8: this is his place nobody cals it the ever green but myself
	layer_10: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself
	layer_12: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself

file: 6267-65525-0038.flac
expected: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_2: i thonton thes tan he sad baplexcily
	layer_4: i tonton thestan he sad barplexidly
	layer_6: id don't on testand he said perplecedly
	layer_8: i don't understand he said berplexidly
	layer_10: i don't understand he said perplexidly
	layer_12: i don't understand he said perplexidly

file: 6267-65525-0039.flac
expected: oh sidney threw out her hands in a burst of passionate protest
	layer_2: o seegle t aot hr hanse in the varst alf beation a proltest
	layer_4: o seeiy two oud hear hancs in the borst aof bationaproltest
	layer_6: o seeeny two out her hands in a barst of batiena protest
	layer_8: oa sdenly two out her hands in thae burst of patiena protest
	layer_10: o sudenly two out her hands in a burst of patienet protest
	layer_12: o seddenly two out her hands in a burst of patienet protest

file: 6267-65525-0040.flac
expected: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_2: no and you never wil on the sten i kant may ou on the s ten
	layer_4: no and you knever wel on the stend i cant ma you on the sten
	layer_6: no and you never will unde stend i cant make you on de sten
	layer_8: no and you never will understand i can't make ou understand
	layer_10: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_12: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand

file: 6267-65525-0041.flac
expected: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_2: avereting itoldou abatet and my ivfe was jus imuncination
	layer_4: averiting i toldu abaltit and mylie was gusthmoncionation
	layer_6: everyting i toldu aboutid and my live was just imoncination
	layer_8: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_10: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_12: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination

file: 6267-65525-0042.flac
expected: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_2: thit wit te iu riht dam hast lently
	layer_4: thint whitin you righte dhem h ast lantly
	layer_6: ten why did you rigt tem he asked plantly
	layer_8: den why did you writ dhem he asked blantly
	layer_10: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_12: then why did you write them he asked blankly

file: 6267-65525-0043.flac
expected: why did you deceive me
	layer_2: why dy oud te see me
	layer_4: whitdi o die see me
	layer_6: why di do tdecive me
	layer_8: why did yo deceive me
	layer_10: why did you deceive me
	layer_12: why did you deceive me

file: 6267-65525-0044.flac
expected: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_2: o i ty tin mentool the se you i n ever thod of sarc of tind
	layer_4: o i titen mento thi seve you i never thoudt of sauch of thind
	layer_6: oh i didn't mean to theceve you i never thought of such of thin
	layer_8: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_10: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_12: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing

file: 6267-65525-0045.flac
expected: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_2: i jus couldentri you abode my ni r not be coars etas har but i loaso aglet ant anty
	layer_4: i jus codentrite ou abod my life ur not becos itwas har but i tooa so aglie ant anty
	layer_6: i just goodent rigt you abot my life here not because it was hardt but it as so agly and anty
	layer_8: i just coudn't writ you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anty
	layer_10: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anty
	layer_12: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anty

file: 6267-65525-0046.flac
expected: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_2: and wen aons i had be gon i hato kipet au
	layer_4: and wen ance i had begone i hac to kup it op
	layer_6: and when once i had begon i had to kep it up
	layer_8: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_10: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_12: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up

file: 6267-65525-0047.flac
expected: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_2: i fond it sol fusi naing to
	layer_4: i fond ei sel fusiaing to
	layer_6: i found itsol fusinatking to
	layer_8: i found it s a fasinating to
	layer_10: i found it so fasinating to
	layer_12: i found it so fascinating to

file: 6267-65525-0048.flac
expected: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_2: dos ledtshors mad that a ther lif sem reol to my i nevery speacted to mec yu
	layer_4: loselethers may that ather life seme reel to me i nevere peacted to me you
	layer_6: thoseletthers mayd that other life seem real to me i never pected to meet you
	layer_8: those letthers made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_10: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_12: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you

file: 6267-65525-0049.flac
expected: these last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_2: the slast for dase sin slat toer cim hav bin dreadtf we to my
	layer_4: the slastd for dase seein shu lattercam have been trad fl to me
	layer_6: dhislast for days sin shu latter came have been treadful to me
	layer_8: this last four days since ou leatter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_10: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_12: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me

file: 6267-65525-0050.flac
expected: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_2: a ples gaway and sorgir me ifs oul kan
	layer_4: o bulis go way and sorgive me if ou kan
	layer_6: o btiese go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_8: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_10: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_12: oh please go away and forgive me if you can

file: 6267-65525-0051.flac
expected: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_2: ittas warse than she had iven taoet itt would te
	layer_4: ito as wars tan she had eventod it would be
	layer_6: it as wors than she had even tout it would be
	layer_8: it was worse than she had even thougt it would be
	layer_10: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_12: it was worse than she had even thought it would be

file: 6267-65525-0052.flac
expected: he was so handsome so manly so earnest eyed
	layer_2: hou haso hansom so mely so ern thist ih
	layer_4: heo ae so hansom so maly so earnest id
	layer_6: he was so handsom so maly so ernnest ied
	layer_8: he was so handsome so maly so earnnest i
	layer_10: he was so handsome so maly so earnest ied
	layer_12: he was so handsome so maly so earnest ied

file: 6267-65525-0053.flac
expected: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_2: jonlincon aan the ga and wet t oupto her
	layer_4: jonlincon opon the gae and wetopto her
	layer_6: jonlinkon opend the gate and wet up to her
	layer_8: john linkon opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_10: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_12: john lincol opened the gate and went up to her

file: 6267-65525-0054.flac
expected: please don't distress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_2: pls bdon tot the strasyore sa so si ne he sadt ound coonsalstlyt usinkchord crestin tey
	layer_4: plis dont the stras your seith so seiney he said auncocsasely using her cresten ney
	layer_6: please don't distrese your self so si na he said unconsiously using her cristiyan ne
	layer_8: please don't distres yourself so sina he said unconsciosly using her christian na
	layer_10: please don't distress yourself so cydne he said unconsciosly using her christian name
	layer_12: please don't distress yourself so cydne he said unconsciosly using her christian name

file: 6267-65525-0055.flac
expected: i think i do understand
	layer_2: i sing i doon the sten
	layer_4: i shing ie do on the stan
	layer_6: i think i do on te sten
	layer_8: i think i do understand
	layer_10: i think i do understand
	layer_12: i think i do understand

file: 6267-65525-0056.flac
expected: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_2: and not sucgh a dor selol a s you dakeimy for
	layer_4: and not such a dolf sello as you take e for
	layer_6: a'm not such a dar selow as you take mefore
	layer_8: am not such a doul cellow as you take me for
	layer_10: ia'm not such a dul fellow as you take me for
	layer_12: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for

file: 6267-65525-0057.flac
expected: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_2: afster ar tose leters wartr r rather the wast truting tdham
	layer_4: ofter orl tose laters wer tu or rater ther was troutin tem
	layer_6: after a those leters were tru or rater the was truting them
	layer_8: after all those letters were true or rather there was truteing them
	layer_10: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_12: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them

file: 6267-65525-0058.flac
expected: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_2: the shoune man wa sertely gd at ond thestaning
	layer_4: te song man was sertenly god at on te staning
	layer_6: the soung men wae sertinaly good ad un de staning
	layer_8: the young men wae certainly good at understanding
	layer_10: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_12: this young man was certainly good at understanding

file: 6267-65525-0059.flac
expected: you you'll forgive me then she stammered
	layer_2: you you for give ma than she stammont
	layer_4: you youl for give ma then she stammot
	layer_6: you youl forgive me then she stemaldt
	layer_8: you you'l forgive me then she stamod
	layer_10: you you'll forgive me then she stamoured
	layer_12: you you'll forgive me then she stamored

file: 7697-245715-0000.flac
expected: but in the state of innocence there would have been no weakness of old age
	layer_2: bot ei mtestavef thinioens they wl hav bei lowrde mnissifo age
	layer_4: but im the staive tenisoncs they wil havf be lowd nessifolt age
	layer_6: but in tvhe statef tinecencs they wul have be nowd nessiffal age
	layer_8: but in the staeof inoscence they would have bee nowedness af al age
	layer_10: but in the state of innocence thery would have been nowdnessof old age
	layer_12: but in the state of tinnocence there would have bee nowdness of old age

file: 7697-245715-0001.flac
expected: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the state of innocence children would have been begotten by generation
	layer_2: on the contery everithin genrade in sfresting perfept but ing tesiv inmessenschrding l hap by begotn bigan aration
	layer_4: onm the contury everyth in genaradat insfrsting perfect but en the sivifinossene churding wil hapbig thegodt ambi gh n aration
	layer_6: on the contuary everythin generade ad itsfirsting perfect but in the silipnicence chording wilth hap bi bhe goden by generation
	layer_8: on the contry everything generated its firsting perfect but in the sapeipinascence chilrdren would have bi begodem by generation
	layer_10: on the contrary everything generated its first ing perfect but in the saticinacence children would have bing begoe by a generation
	layer_12: on the contrary everything generated its first ing perfect but in the saticinascence children would have big egoem by a generation

file: 7697-245715-0002.flac
expected: therefore from the first they would have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_2: thirfere fromn the ferst they wil hafpinin prfect e bodian hysizs and paler
	layer_4: thertfor from the first they wil havppenimprfect em botddinlhe sis and powwer
	layer_6: therefore from the first they will hav pben in crfect imbodinle sizeand power
	layer_8: therefore from the first they woull have ben in perfect in bodinly siznd power
	layer_10: therefore from the first they woull have been inperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_12: therefore from the first they would have been inmperfect in bodily size and power

file: 7697-245715-0003.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary nature's process in generation would have been in harmony with the manner in which it was established by god
	layer_2: theifor inthe stidepenisencs they was no ned for wenming to bebre on the contery i hurs pur seas in genration ol havpiningcomily wth mater i whichshuld las istabich pi got
	layer_4: the aefor in the stadifpinicence there was now ned for wommin to be bor on the contrery taerurst porsas ingeneration wt halvpining commily with manter in whichsh ulfd wous ecstabishe by guot
	layer_6: the erefor in the statof inicence theye was no need for womin to be borm on the conturary leurs porcas in generation wuld havpin ing comily with mater in whichshit was estabished by god
	layer_8: therefore in the stat of inocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary leors porsas in generation woud havepeen incomoly with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_10: therefore in the stateof innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary leios porsess in generation would have bein incomonly with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary legors porsess in generation would have being incomonly with manner in which it was established by god

file: 7697-245712-0000.flac
expected: four whether in that state man would have been master over men
	layer_2: for wither ing dastat men would hap be mesteor roman
	layer_4: for withere eing tastat men woul havp be mester reman
	layer_6: for whither einvastate men woul have be mester remen
	layer_8: for whether invas state men would have be master o ro men
	layer_10: for whether in ta state men would have be master ovr men
	layer_12: for whether in that state men would have be master or men

file: 7697-245712-0001.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_2: thoifor ing the stidpinisene man had no masership of the inmls
	layer_4: theiefor in the stadipinmosence ben had no masership of the ganimos
	layer_6: therefore in the statipimisence ban had no masership of the animols
	layer_8: therefore in the stat ofpimicence ban had no mastership of the animals
	layer_10: therefore in the state of hiocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_12: therefore in the state of himicence man had no mastership of the animals

file: 7697-245712-0002.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence before man had disobeyed nothing disobeyed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_2: theirfore in the stipinoaens bifor man had its pade notindis batdin thatwlas naturly sujet to hime
	layer_4: theirefore in the stadip inmesons bifor manhad itspade nohindos baden that wles naturly subjat to hame
	layer_6: therefore in the statof inisene before manni had itsbad nogh in disbadehem that was naturlly subjat to hame
	layer_8: therefore in the state of inocence before man had itsbad nothing to sbade hem that was naturally subjact to hame
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence before man had isbad nothing disbad him that was naturally subjectd to him
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence before man had isbad nothing disbad him that was naturally subject to him

file: 7697-245712-0003.flac
expected: secondly this is proved by the order of divine providence which always governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_2: sicgenly ti s as prot bmy thyuld ro tdo bine crovitees whichchawsgoubers indfearitthings my thi swur pearo
	layer_4: sign ly dhis us pruk by theoudere de yned pcroveidenes which howasgovers ind ferethings py the superou
	layer_6: segonly dhis asprue by the odorof devine providence which howsgoverns in fery things by the supero
	layer_8: segonly dhis aspproved by the order of divine providence which hows coverns in fariy things by the supero
	layer_10: secondly this aspproved by the order ofa divine providence which howsgoverns inferior things by the superior
	layer_12: secondly this asproved by the order of divine providence which hws governs inferior things by the superior

file: 7697-245712-0004.flac
expected: thirdly this is proved from a property of man and of other animals
	layer_2: tirtly dis as proe tromeaprobetyf man another ailes
	layer_4: thrtly dis as proved rom a proberyve man another anales
	layer_6: tirtily disis proved from a proberdive man and bother animals
	layer_8: thertainly dhis is proved from a probertive man and aother animals
	layer_10: thertainly this is proved from a probertyve man and aother animals
	layer_12: thertainly this is proved from a probertyve man and aother animals

file: 7697-245712-0005.flac
expected: now whatever is participated is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_2: now whult averys pout is pate isujato wat ic thesenhl and unabrso
	layer_4: now what aver is partis patet is tubjat to whatis thesensal and ianlbverso
	layer_6: now what eaveris partis patedt is objate what is thesensio and inlverso
	layer_8: now whatever is partis patet is subjact to what is essential and iniversal
	layer_10: now whatever his partis padeth is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_12: now whatever his partis padeth is subject to what is essential and universal

file: 7697-245712-0006.flac
expected: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_2: thirfortas jaction o other anls to manis troopeto benatrl
	layer_4: thirfor das jaction of oter anials to man is prooedto be natural
	layer_6: theirefordasjaction of other animals to man as proke to be natural
	layer_8: therefore a subjection of other animals to man has proe to be natural
	layer_10: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proove to be natural
	layer_12: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is proove to be natural

file: 7697-245712-0007.flac
expected: they would not however on this account have been excepted from the mastership of man as neither at present are they for that reason excepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_2: they wled now hiver on this cond hafpenexcepted from the meter ship of men as nether at presionore theayfore tha reason exepti fromn e maershipopaot was praviedins hasare dyan ao theis
	layer_4: they wuld nowt hiver on this con hafe peen excepted from the mastership of men as nether at presseo nor they for tha reason eccepti fromdthe maseirship orf pad as probidans haswere daine athis
	layer_6: they would not hiver on this conthave been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at pressnnor they for theit reason ecceptevd from the masership or prad whas providense has wor dain aw this
	layer_8: they would not hiver on this cont have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at pressen or they for their reason accepted from the mastership of rod whose providence has ordein al this
	layer_10: they would not hiver on this count have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of od whose providence has fordaine all this
	layer_12: they would not hiver on this count hath been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of bod whose providence has ordain all this

file: 7697-245712-0008.flac
expected: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to man that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_2: thissus seced font by face thaf go lett they anmos to men that hem mot eiv the nams expressif o ther r spaconaturs
	layer_4: this as sicedfonet by fak that got lettat they anmols to maen that he mot cive the names expressof of there wrespacti natures
	layer_6: this assiconfont by te facthat go letta they animost to men that he muonht gave the names expressive of theire respact ive natures
	layer_8: this is sicnfined by the fact that god lettit the animols to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_10: this is signified by the fact that god led the animos to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_12: this is signified by the fact that god led the animas to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures

file: 7697-245712-0009.flac
expected: so all animals would have obeyed man of their own accord as in the present state some domestic animals obey him
	layer_2: so aian mes wud havea bitd man o thera cord as in the pressens da some tomestiienos aba him
	layer_4: so inmes wil have a bit man of ther on courd as hin he presson'c dayt some to mestig anmows aba him
	layer_6: so lanmis wold have a bid men of their own cord as in the pressenc daye some domesticg enmose a bey himg
	layer_8: so a anmas would have a bid men of their own court as in the presence daye some domestic enmos obey him
	layer_10: so al aenimes would have a bit men of their own court as in the presence dae some domestic animos obey him
	layer_12: so all animels would have a bit men of their own court as in the presence date some domestic animos obey him

file: 7697-245712-0010.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_2: up jactioln wine itlal seeme that ig te saveenesencs m wl not haf had masti shi over ao of the creturs
	layer_4: ob jaction wine it ls seeme that en he saveenessencs ma wl not half had mastiship over al oftheir cretures
	layer_6: objaction one it was seeme that ain the savenessence man woul not half had mastiship over allother creatures
	layer_8: objaction one it was seeme that in e savenescance man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_10: objection one it woul seem that in the savinessance man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_12: objection one it woul seem that in the savinessance man would not have had mastership over all other creatures

file: 7697-245712-0011.flac
expected: much less therefore would it have obeyed man in the state of innocence
	layer_2: mucsh nas te vfor woult hable bit man inth satof enicens
	layer_4: mutch las vefore would he hae a bat men inthe stat of eniconc
	layer_6: much lasferfore woul he have a bete men in the stat of inicens
	layer_8: much las verfor wold he have a bet men in the state of inocence
	layer_10: much less ferfor wold he have a bit man in the state of innocence
	layer_12: much less fearfor wuld he have a bit man in the state of innocence

file: 7697-245712-0012.flac
expected: therefore since it is by his reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems that in the state of innocence man had no dominion over plants
	layer_2: theirfor sencs it is by thes reason that manis combetan to hae mestership it seemns fvatyin testivvlensncs man hanld bean in over plans
	layer_4: the aefore since it isby theis reason that manis compitan to have mastership it seems veing the stivlancence man hanold men in over plens
	layer_6: thefore since it is by this reason that manis competen to have mastership its seems feling the stavelincnce man hadod man in over plence
	layer_8: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems felling the state insnce man hadno meen in overplance
	layer_10: therefore since it is by this reason that man is comfitent to have mastership it seems feling the stateof insence man had not been in overplans
	layer_12: therefore since it is by this reason that man is comfetent to have mastership it seems felling the stat of insence man had not been in overplans

file: 7697-245712-0013.flac
expected: now in man reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_2: noly men resin the hast position fe master ind nout  the supect
	layer_4: nowy men reason the haset position of e master an not othe supject
	layer_6: now e me rieason the hast e position of a master and not o the subject
	layer_8: now i menreason he has o position of a master and not of he subject
	layer_10: now a merison has te position of a master and not of the subject
	layer_12: now a merison has te position of a master and not of the subject

file: 7697-245712-0014.flac
expected: i answer that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual union have been sterile
	layer_2: inser dat we nust neisa mit that in a primmitof state theywuld ha bem some ainecuortity at leaset is regort seck bhecusgenaration the pens pon doersityve ses and likequlyce as re gors ate for some would haf been bore of otherse norwd setr yuny hatp beens terl
	layer_4: i incwer that we must neeas o mid that in e primmithof stateh ther would haveh been some inequautity at least as regors sex becaus generation the pencs pon doversitave sec and likequice as regarse age for somewould have been bor of others nor wd sectruny have beenstaral
	layer_6: i inswere that we must nese amit that in the primutive stath there would have been some inequatity at least as regard sex becaus generation the pencs pon dibercitave sex and likeqwice as regars age for some would have been bore of others nor ould saxtu uny have been starl
	layer_8: i inswer that we must nese admit that in the primitive state ther would have been some inequadity at least as regards sex because generation depensupon diversitave sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been borne of others nor would saxr une have been staril
	layer_10: i answer that we must needs admit that in tha primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity ve sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would saxtra uni have been staral
	layer_12: i answer that we must needs admit that in ha primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity ve sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would saxtral uni have been staral

file: 7697-245712-0015.flac
expected: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_2: there moht ols hap pen but in ly disparty
	layer_4: there moht ousea have peen butetly disparity
	layer_6: ther might also have been budditly disparity
	layer_8: there might also have been boddidly desparidy
	layer_10: there might also have been boddily disparidy
	layer_12: there might also have been boddily disparidy

file: 7697-245712-0016.flac
expected: inequality might also arise on the part of nature as above described without any defect of nature
	layer_2: anecoed ty mitals wea ryse on a pares of naturas bove distrit wit thout in i defastfnatur
	layer_4: aneculeta miyt ols we rise on the pards of nature as buove dhistripet without ne defasnature
	layer_6: an acolita mit alserrise on the parts of nature as beove destriped without any tdefatf nature
	layer_8: in a culity migt alserise on the parts of nature as bove described without any defactful nature
	layer_10: ad e quality might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defatul nature
	layer_12: an e quality might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defatbl nature

file: 7697-245712-0017.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have been master over man
	layer_2: af jock sion ond hittl sin that i estidicimsens menltd nout had pe master wermin
	layer_4: o jacksion one he wll sinm that an thestitichomsons man uld not had pbe mast erwer mon
	layer_6: objaction one he wil simed that inme steat ofcomisenc man wuld not had be maseterwer mn
	layer_8: objection one he will seeme that in the stat of hamiscincse man would not have be masterver men
	layer_10: objection one he will seem that in the state of chamisence man would not have be master over men
	layer_12: objection one het will seem that in the state of chimissinse man would not have bee master over men

file: 7697-245712-0018.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_2: theirfor in thestatoft hemience meowld no hapen supjetto meim
	layer_4: therefore in hstat of he misonce maw no have been subjetto mem
	layer_6: therefore in the state of e misence man would now have been subjatte men
	layer_8: therefore in the state of imosence man would not have been subjeta men
	layer_10: therefore in the state of imoence man would not have been subjecto men
	layer_12: therefore in the state of imosence man would not have been subject to men

file: 7697-245712-0019.flac
expected: in another sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he who has the office of governing and directing free men can be called a master
	layer_2: innother sanse mesis shipbis referd ing anjene waoe sensto any con of soupjact and en this senceveen h hast theyofis of goberning anddructing free man can he cot a master
	layer_4: innother sance masership is refurd ing agenerol sans to any con of sup jact and en this senceve en he hastd the oficeof coverning and diracting fre men cam be cut emaster
	layer_6: inother sence massership is refered an ageneral sans to any conof subjact and in this senc even he hased the office of coverning and directing free men can be cugh a master
	layer_8: inother sense massership is refered in a general sense to any kint of subject and in this sense even heho hask the office of governing and directing free men can be caugh a master
	layer_10: in other sense mastership is referred in ageneral sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even whe who has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_12: in other sense mastership is referred in ageneral sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even hewho has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master

file: 7697-245712-0020.flac
expected: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state of innocence between man and man for two reasons
	layer_2: sucho con of masteshud would havexisted ing testitifimicet pitoeme wae in me fore to reasons
	layer_4: such a cone of mastishop woul have existet in te stitifinasese btowim a en men for two reasons
	layer_6: such a conof mastishit would have existed in thesteadifinies betwee man and men for two reasons
	layer_8: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the stadivhinies between man and men for two reasons
	layer_10: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the statofemaces between man and men for two reasons
	layer_12: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the statipemices between man and men for two reasons

file: 7697-105817-0000.flac
expected: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord who are now his judge
	layer_2: mor then bhis eha pin her to raa aon you my lod whor a now ise jte
	layer_4: more then this he have being herd to ralon you my lod whore a now hise jerge
	layer_6: more than this he have beeing herd to raialon you my lod whore a now his jurge
	layer_8: more than this he have being heard to railon you my lord whore ar now his judge
	layer_10: more than this he hath being heard to rail on you my lord whor ir now his judge
	layer_12: more than this he hath beeing heard to rail on you my lord whor iar now his judge

file: 7697-105817-0001.flac
expected: judge thy just doom would be to die on the spot still let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_2: d thigyusdom wouth be to doion the spot sto letis hre wat tol hastesay
	layer_4: od thgjous dom would be to doryon the spot stop latis hear what thou haster say
	layer_6: jude thygeest dum would be to darry on the spot sto let us here what dou has to say
	layer_8: juge thy just dume would be to diy on the spot stup let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_10: juge thy just dume would be to diye on the spot stup let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_12: judge thy just dume would be to dy on the spot stup let us hear what thou hast to say

file: 7697-105817-0002.flac
expected: then the judge to sum up the case spoke thus you see this man who has made such a stir in our town
	layer_2: then the jugh te some lof the cangs spelk thas you seav wis man who has mate suth a stirig nor toun
	layer_4: then the juge to some lop the cangs spelk thes youl seev is men who has made such a sturing nortoun
	layer_6: then the juge to somelup the kangs spek ts you'l seevehis men who has made such a sturing norc town
	layer_8: then the judge to some op the king's spelk this you'l seev his men who has made such a stirring narrtown
	layer_10: then the judge to sumen up the kings spoke tes yol see this men who has made such a stirring nartown
	layer_12: then the judge to sumben up the kings spok thes you'l see tis man who has made such a stirring narictown

file: 7697-105817-0003.flac
expected: thus while one lost his life for the truth a new man rose from his death to tread the same way with christian
	layer_2: tes why wen nothis lok orda tuth andnw man ros from his dar the trrvba say waye with quition
	layer_4: thus whiye when lnot his lok for ha tuth and new man rose from his dath the travba same way witsh quistion
	layer_6: thus whye wene nosthis like for te chuth ad new man rose from his death the traves seeme way was quistion
	layer_8: thus why when not his lik for the chuth a new man rose from his death the trave seeme way with quistion
	layer_10: thus whie when not his lik for the truth a new man rose from his death the trave eemed way with quistion
	layer_12: thus while when not his like for the truth a new man rose from his death the traveseemed way with quistion

file: 7697-105817-0004.flac
expected: come good hopeful said christian let us walk on the grass
	layer_2: con gouethelfl siqrshim let his wark on the gras
	layer_4: com got held fou sai creshim leters wark on the grass
	layer_6: com gorod heldfoulr said crishhim letters walk on the gras
	layer_8: colm good helpfor said qricham let us walk on the grass
	layer_10: come good help for said crisham let us walk on the grass
	layer_12: come good help for said crisham let us walk on the grass

file: 7697-105817-0005.flac
expected: so they set off through the field
	layer_2: so hisat ouf teur d fd
	layer_4: sil he sat of tou to femd
	layer_6: so he sat of trough the femed
	layer_8: so they sat off through the fiumd
	layer_10: so they sat off through the field
	layer_12: so they sat off through the field

file: 7697-105817-0006.flac
expected: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_2: hofl y hat mi fers from the forst and so ga e wahingt riston but rend iry tat ar have rothyouto the ryt phae
	layer_4: hopful y had my fears from the frsd and so gae y war hint criston goa frend i bre dthat ir have brotho out of the rihe palth
	layer_6: uefor i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christon gr frend i grived hat i have brotho out of the righte palth
	layer_8: hopfor i hav my fearc from the first and so gave you a hant christan goor friend i grived that i have brougt you out of the right path
	layer_10: hopefol i have my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grived that i hath brought you out of the right path
	layer_12: hopefol i have my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grived that i hath brought you out of the right path

file: 7697-105817-0007.flac
expected: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_2: ofl saine a moar no dout itis for ougode
	layer_4: hoful sayin a more no dout it is for ouagoode
	layer_6: hoful sayi no more no dout it is forourgos
	layer_8: hofo say no more no doubt it is for our goos
	layer_10: hofo say no more no doubt it is for our gos
	layer_12: hofo say no more no doubt it is for our gods

file: 7697-105817-0008.flac
expected: christian we must not stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_2: hrhon wey must nosten thues lea s tridgld bae
	layer_4: rcthen wher must no sten tus lerits trado gld bake
	layer_6: prcan wry must now stend thus let us tri to gold bag
	layer_8: prichan whr you must now stend thus let us try to gol bag
	layer_10: crucan whr you must now stand thus let us try to go bag
	layer_12: cruchan wher you must now stand thus let us try to go bag

file: 7697-105817-0009.flac
expected: then said giant despair you have no right to force your way in here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_2: then set trind dispar   haveno igt of foreshl way him her the grond ong whie sh ly is ming
	layer_4: then set trined dispaire yo have no right of forsual way eing her the groued ong which su ly is my
	layer_6: then set drined tespair you have no right o forciu'l waking here the groundong wih you ly is myn
	layer_8: then set dring despair you have no right of force your waking here the ground on which you lie i's myn
	layer_10: then sad trying despair you have no right to force your waking here the ground on which you lie it's mye
	layer_12: then sad trying despair you have no right to force your waking here the ground on which you lie it's mye

file: 7697-105817-0010.flac
expected: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fault
	layer_2: they had not mih tosay as by knuwd tha hy woring fot
	layer_4: they had not mihe to say as be newd that hey wering fort
	layer_6: they had not much to say as be newd hat they wereing fourd
	layer_8: they had not much to say as ben knewed that they were ing ford
	layer_10: they had not much to say as bee knewed that they were infoed
	layer_12: they had not much to say as bee knewd that they were infoed

file: 7697-105817-0011.flac
expected: and by this act we kill our souls as well
	layer_2: and bye esack we cu lare sos as wel
	layer_4: and by isack wih cu loure sose as well
	layer_6: and by vesack wi culour sose as well
	layer_8: and by visack wicule our soes as well
	layer_10: and by visac we cule our soles as well
	layer_12: and by visac we cile our soles as well

file: 7697-105815-0000.flac
expected: he now went on till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this he did two or three times
	layer_2: he know whentn to he cemto te hous an he dore wich he was te nok this itit to or fret tonse
	layer_4: he know whenteng to hed ceme to the house had e dor which he was te nok this itit to or hret tons
	layer_6: he know wen tong to ed came to the house hat a doorf which he was de nock this it id to or threet toms
	layer_8: he now went tong to he came to the house at a door if which he was to knock this idid two or threet times
	layer_10: he now went on til he came to the house at a door of which he was to knock this a it two or three times
	layer_12: he now went on til he came to the house at a door of which he was to knock this i it two or three times

file: 7697-105815-0001.flac
expected: christian i have come to see the good man of the house
	layer_2: ghriston i have com tisite goud man od the hous
	layer_4: crestion i have cometosadte goud man of the house
	layer_6: cristion i have come to sea t a god man of the house
	layer_8: christian i have come to se a good man of the house
	layer_10: christian i have come to see it a good man at the house
	layer_12: christian i have come to see it a good man at the house

file: 7697-105815-0002.flac
expected: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to mount zion
	layer_2: treston sar i am comfrom thesity of thestuton and e o m way t mon som
	layer_4: treston sir i am comefrom the sity of thestution and em amyway t monesiom
	layer_6: tristrin sir i amcome from the city of distruction and e mo my waiy to monh's iam
	layer_8: thristran sir i am come from the city of destruction and am omy waig to monam
	layer_10: cristran sir i am come from the city of destruction and m o myway to monsam
	layer_12: christran sir i am come from the city of destruction and m o myway to monsaam

file: 7697-105815-0003.flac
expected: i was told by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you would show me good things that would help me
	layer_2: i wa sto byvehe mand the stands af e gade that a fi kham hear yout shil miku things futwuld hot me
	layer_4: i was stod by the mand the stans of thegate that itfi ehim hear yout shill ma gouthings pat wuld hout me
	layer_6: i was stod by the men tha stands av he gate that itf fi ham her you it shell me go things bat would helt me
	layer_8: i was stod by the man that stands at the gate that iff i cam here you show me good things that would help me
	layer_10: i was stod by the man that stands at the gate that if i cam here you show me good things that would help me
	layer_12: i was stod by the man that stands at the gate that if i cam here you show me good things that would help me

file: 7697-105815-0004.flac
expected: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold hung near his head
	layer_2: he stod as in he woult lefre men an acroun afgod han neor he s hard
	layer_4: he stood asin he would lefor men an a crown of god ha eart he s herd
	layer_6: he stood asin he would pleef or men and a crown of god har neare his heard
	layer_8: he stood asik he would pla for men and a crown of god har near his heard
	layer_10: he stood as if he would plae for men and a crown of gold hag near his head
	layer_12: he stood as if he would pleae for men and a crown of gold hag near his head

file: 7697-105815-0005.flac
expected: christian what does this mean
	layer_2: cri ton what thersist ming
	layer_4: criston what thistes ming
	layer_6: crition what this lis mean
	layer_8: chritian what dhos lhis mean
	layer_10: christian what does this mean
	layer_12: christian what does this mean

file: 7697-105815-0006.flac
expected: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_2: then heto hie to lart rom that as forld ofe dusd for  had notping swlat and intiperedertothise manthisweed
	layer_4: then he took hi to alartrom that was foul of dustd for i had noping swapt and inturpridartodis mand ho sweeped
	layer_6: then he took him to a lard room that was foull of dust for it had no being swept and interpreter todthist man ho swueeped
	layer_8: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swaepet and interreter tod this man to swepid
	layer_10: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told this man to sweepit
	layer_12: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told this man to sweepit

file: 7697-105815-0007.flac
expected: christian what means this
	layer_2: cisten what mins teth
	layer_4: cristin what mings thet
	layer_6: criston what mens thes
	layer_8: christan what means thes
	layer_10: christian what means thes
	layer_12: christian what means the

file: 7697-105815-0008.flac
expected: then you next saw the maid come in to lay the dust so is sin made clean and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_2: the yu nhasard mat conmmin tolaterd dos soy siymmaclan an lat leo bie fatein the wouk
	layer_4: then you nakt sourd made com meg to laide dust so hi saem maye claing and laite lo by fayde in the boook
	layer_6: then you naxkt sawghto made come ming to la e dust so he seeme made cling and lae low by faith in the book
	layer_8: the yunk sata made come into lae dust so he seemed mad cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_10: the yunak saw ta mad come into lata dust so he seemed macling and laid low by faith in the boook
	layer_12: the yunax saw ta mad come into late dust so he seemed macling and laid low by faith in the book

file: 7697-105815-0009.flac
expected: just as christian came up to the cross his load slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_2: just easttryston cemo to the crous e s lod slaivfroni's bat leoseto de mothof the to wharid felling an i sat nl wor
	layer_4: just as twrestion came op to te crouse hes lod sliyv fron h's bat clolse o demous of the tn wherit felling and i sawgt no wore
	layer_6: just asketristion cam up to the crowse hesload sla from his back clols to the mos of the tum where it felling and i saw it no mare
	layer_8: just aske tistian came up to the crows he slow t sli from his back clos to the mous of the tumb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_10: just askd christian came up to the crows he slowto sliped from his back close to the mouth of the toumb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_12: just asked christian came up to the crows he sloato slipe from his back close to the mouths of the tumb where it fell in and i saw it no more

file: 7697-105815-0010.flac
expected: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace be to thee thou hast grace from thy sins
	layer_2: as e stod thostand wat lo tre b wes cimtimg and wonor them sa he s peto the thow hastryse fomn thi sings
	layer_4: as he stood thouse and wept lo tre brit wes camt im and one of themsaid hespe to the thou hast gris from thy sins
	layer_6: as he stood those and wepd lo three broughtwinlse cam to ham and one of them said pe s pe to the thou hastgris from thy seings
	layer_8: as he stood those and wapet lo three broaghtos came tohim and one of them said pese be to thee thou hast grece from thy sins
	layer_10: as he stooed thus and wept lo three broadwois came to him and one of them said pese be to thee thou hast grice from thy sins
	layer_12: as he stooed thus and wept lo three brodwis came to him and one of them said pase be to thee thou hast grice from thy sins

file: 7697-105815-0011.flac
expected: christian gave three leaps for joy and sang as he went ah what a place is this blest cross blest tomb
	layer_2: tristion di releaes for j and sen at he wend  what a plase his pes blast cras bleastto
	layer_4: ctistiorn give ryleapes for jo and sen at he went a what ha plas his pis blast croas blest ton
	layer_6: cristien gave hree leapes for joy and sen as he went ah what a plays his pis blast crows blast toun
	layer_8: tristan gave fhree leaves for joy and sen as he went ah what a plays his fise blastd crows blast tun
	layer_10: christian gave three leaves for jo and san as he went ah what a plas is fis blast crows blas toune
	layer_12: christian gave three leaves for jo and san as he went ah what a plays is fis blast crows blas tune

file: 7697-105815-0012.flac
expected: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he saw three men who were in a sound sleep with chains on their feet
	layer_2: he wentaon ths to he cemto  vao wherid h solf ry men who wory tha sons lep i chang son the  fet
	layer_4: he wentaong ths to he cem to aval where ae he sofre men who weryin a sonse lep with chainson the u fet
	layer_6: he wen ton thus to he ceme to aval where hi solf remen who were in a sonsleep with chains on the o feet
	layer_8: he went on thurs tol he came to a vail where his soft re men who were in a son sleep with chains on the ufeit
	layer_10: he went on thus till he came to a veil whering his softre men who were in a soun sleep with chains on the ufit
	layer_12: he went on thus till he came to a veil wheri his sotry men who were in a son sleep with chains on the ufit

file: 7697-105815-0013.flac
expected: christian sirs whence come you and where do you go
	layer_2: gri ston sers bens cobu and were te ae gol
	layer_4: criston sirs bwen's combu and were y laego
	layer_6: cristion sirs wens come byou and where doe go
	layer_8: christian sirs wens come you and wher dou ago
	layer_10: christian sirs whene come you and where doago
	layer_12: christian sirs whence come you and where dago

file: 7697-105815-0014.flac
expected: formalist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of vain glory and are on our way to mount zion for praise
	layer_2: for masd and phoerse we were borting the lende fling lory and arow tow wayt mondin forcoas
	layer_4: for manstd and paperese wa wereborn ing the lendeffain lory and oron owway to mouns dine for pras
	layer_6: for manict and poercy wey reborn in the lendo fained lory and ur ow ow way to moun dime for prae
	layer_8: for manist and ipocracy we wer born in the landof faine lory and our ow nowway to mountdin for prayse
	layer_10: for manist and hypocricy we were born in the land of faine glory and or onou way to moundin for praise
	layer_12: for manist and hypocricy we were born in the land of fain glory and our onou way to mountdim for praise

file: 7697-105815-0015.flac
expected: know you not that he that comes not in at the door but climbs up to get in the same is a thief
	layer_2: no u not tha he that cons noting eate dor hu clon sup to geting the same mashar fe
	layer_4: no you not that he that coms noting at adore wut clome sep to gedting the same mas a thevfe
	layer_6: now your not that he that comes not in at a door butd clamsup to getting the same mas a thief
	layer_8: know you not that he that comes not in at a door but climbs up to getting the same as a thif
	layer_10: know y not that he that comes notin at ae door but climbs up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_12: know you not that he that comes notin at ae door but climbs up to getting the same as a thief

file: 7697-105815-0016.flac
expected: they told christian that he had no need for care on that score for long use had made it law and they could prove that it had been so for years
	layer_2: the tol qristion that hat nole forcaron thescor for non yuse hav mated l and the kcoul prv dt hat bin slvorars
	layer_4: the tol cquistion that he had nonly forcareronm thestor for lon use had mate low and they kcould prve dthat hat being silfor years
	layer_6: the told quistion that he had nonly for care on tescor for long use had made e law and theye could prve thati had been silver years
	layer_8: the tol quistioned that he had knownly forcar on descor for long yute had made i law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_10: the tolde quistioned that he had knownle forcar on descor for long yuth had made i law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_12: the tode quistioned that he had knownly forcar on descor for long uthe had made i law and they could prove that it had been silver years

file: 7697-105815-0017.flac
expected: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_2: yes si thing no dotoed
	layer_4: yes said thiyn no dot of et
	layer_6: yes said they no dot of it
	layer_8: yes said they no dod of it
	layer_10: yes said they no dout of it
	layer_12: yes said they no dout of it

file: 7697-105815-0018.flac
expected: and if we get in the road at all pray what are the odds
	layer_2: and i we geting tho rot et  a wut ar yot
	layer_4: and if we gedting the rot et al pra what arthey ot
	layer_6: and if we getting the groat at all pray what oare theat
	layer_8: and if we getting the roat at all pray what are the aunt
	layer_10: and if we getting the road at all pray what are the ant
	layer_12: and if we' getting the road at all pray what are the aunt

file: 7697-105815-0019.flac
expected: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_2: snot aor acaeus tout estuorse
	layer_4: s not ouracaeus got est yrs
	layer_6: s not olroccae asgood as yours
	layer_8: i's not our  case as good as yours
	layer_10: is not our case as good asd yours
	layer_12: is not our case as good as yours

file: 7697-105815-0020.flac
expected: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hill of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_2: i sal tn that th y al entaon to they cemt the fot efd the hear t e dif coaty whare they was areo
	layer_4: i so den that the oll went on to they kimedt te fud ee the here lhofdificoty weyre theye was aspron
	layer_6: i sa then that the yall wenton ti they came to the food of the hearl of dificoty where ther was a spron
	layer_8: i sawe then that the all went on ti they came to the foot of the hal of dificoulty where there was a sprom
	layer_10: i saw then that they all went on til they came to the froot of the heerl of difficulty where there was a spren
	layer_12: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the heerl of difficulty where there was a sprin

file: 7697-105815-0021.flac
expected: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hill
	layer_2: now wen quristion got eas fisasprin o life he jrento pet and then wentof t he
	layer_4: now wenquistion gat as prs a sproin o plwvfe he drent of id and them wente ofpth he
	layer_6: now wen quistion got as par as ta sprin offlive he drent o it and then went oeh hu
	layer_8: now when quistian got as far as the spring of live he drenk of it and then went uth hle
	layer_10: now when christian got as far as the spring of live he drenk of it and then went up th hl
	layer_12: now when christian got as far as the spring of live he drank of it and then went up the hul

file: 7697-105815-0022.flac
expected: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hill that those who came by might rest there
	layer_2: now haf wy ut wasacae ba biydndort of that h that thoswhol cin bi mat restfvr
	layer_4: now hapf weut was acave baynt by hden dord of that ho that those who kin by meth reast ver
	layer_6: now halve we up was accave made by thedord of that h that those who kan by mat resvere
	layer_8: now half wayup was occave made by the lord of that he that those who cam by at resere
	layer_10: now half way up was oc cased made by the lord of that he that those who kame by mat rser
	layer_12: nowa half way up was oc cased made by the lord of that he that those who kame by mat resvir

file: 7697-105815-0023.flac
expected: timorous said that zion was the hill they meant to climb but that when they had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk so that great fear came on them and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_2: timerer sad that sing wast the he the mento clo ut that won ly hadt got hatwo the foun that thy met with more ind morris sol dagredt fare cimmon them and o the coul do was totr bat
	layer_4: timer sad that 'soin wash te hed the mento clong but that won ly had gont halw they foun that they met with more and morbecs sold dangret fericim on then and o they couldo was to tro bath
	layer_6: timer sad that zawing was the hu they men to clong but that winley had gont halfway they found that they met with more and moreris sol a grat fere cim ornthenm and all they could do was to trm bacgh
	layer_8: timerer sad that zain was tehil they men to clumg but that whenley had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk soled hat great fear cammorn dem and all they could do was to trm backh
	layer_10: timerers sad that zain was the hel they meant to clumg but that wenly had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk sold that great fear  cimonde and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_12: timerers sad that zain was the hel they meant to clumb but that whenly had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk soled that great fear  cimonden and all they could do was to turn back

file: 7697-105815-0024.flac
expected: yes said mistrust for just in front of us there lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they slept or not but we thought that they would fall on us and tear our limbs
	layer_2: ys sad misstrasd forr cest ing fromtavs ber a lay to beates of renowr poafe woul ni noti thysnepttor noud bud we thal that theywoed forlerdans andturrowlis
	layer_4: yeis said  misstrestd for chest in fromtervaus beyralay to beass of pran our pave wul neo notitheys nectrknoud but we thoug that they would folernancse andtrow lis
	layer_6: yes said mis trused for achust infromt o us ber lay two beasts of pryn our path we new not if thiysnuct ro nod but we though that they would follernens en terou lis
	layer_8: yes said misthrust forchest in front of us be lay two beasts of pray our path we knew not if they snepped renod but we though that they would fallewnens antirou liams
	layer_10: yes said mistrust for chest in front of us there lay two beasts of prayn our path we knew not if they snaped rnad but we thought that they would fall on us and ter ou lims
	layer_12: yes said mistrust for chestr in front of us there lay two beasts of prayn our path we knew not if they snaped rounad but we thought that they would fall on us andtir ou lims

file: 7697-105815-0025.flac
expected: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the men and then he felt in his cloak for his scroll that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_2: yaitd hi thut ense mor ta at he ha hored fon the main and then he fouting histetd forhisgro that hematreate and fonsomepes
	layer_4: yed he thought ence mor ewhat he had hered from the men and then he fout ing his tloed for hi sgrowd that he mtd readed and fonisomepis
	layer_6: ye he thought once more of what he had heared from the man and then he fouting his cloded for his scrowd that he might readed and fin etsome pes
	layer_8: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he folt ing his cloak for his croawd that he might readit and find id some pece
	layer_10: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he found ing his coa for his cro that he might read it and findt some pece
	layer_12: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he found in his cloat for his croa that he might read it and findit some pece

file: 7697-105815-0026.flac
expected: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_2: sou fored but oum te nok
	layer_4: esfelforit but toundthi not
	layer_6: he fellt forit but toun ad not
	layer_8: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_10: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_12: he felt for it but found it not

file: 7697-105815-0027.flac
expected: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him grace for this act and then went back to look for his scroll
	layer_2: so hefou don on his nase to prad that god wi ifanggracefl tisat and then wand batt luok frhi s rd
	layer_4: so he fel dong ong his nese to prae that god woilh gif eng graceple bhisact and them when bat ti louook for hi scro
	layer_6: so he fel dong ong his nese to prave that god would giv in gracepul bis act and them when bat to look for his crobe
	layer_8: so he fell don on his knees to prave that god would give him graceful bhis act and then when back to loook for his grobe
	layer_10: so he fell don on his knees to prave that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to look for his croe
	layer_12: so he fell don on his knees to brave that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to look for his crob

file: 7697-105815-0028.flac
expected: oh fool that i am said he to sleep in the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for ease that rest which the lord of the hill had made but for the help of the soul
	layer_2: ho fot that  an saiito sliing the dayh timn so t i gea vaigtof the lasshes to yus por ese that rest which lord of thoa he hat made but fored heul iofh te so
	layer_4: ho fo that r an saiin to slipbing the dayd tine sod agaiefi to the flasshus to yusepor yease that rest whichd lord of o he hat made but ford houp ith the so
	layer_6: ho for that oi an said himng to sliping the day time so the gave foit to the flash as to use por yeas that rest which lord o fa hu hap made but fored help at the so
	layer_8: ho for that i am sai him to sliping the day time so te gave wag to the flash as to use for yeas that rest which lorda fhu ha made but for help at the son
	layer_10: o fo that i am said he to slip in the day time so hey gave way to the flash as to use for yease that rest which lord offhu hath made but for help at the so
	layer_12: ho fo that i am said he to slip in the day time so they gave way to the flash as to use for yease that rest which lord ofhu hath made but for t help at the so

file: 7697-105815-0029.flac
expected: such was the lot of the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the red sea and i am made to tread those steps with grief which i might have trod with joy had it not been for this sleep
	layer_2: soush was d elaotod the tus for thrsin they wer san bat idt wy bhe bra s and i im mate tred tho  stapt with reve wichin min hav rom wit ji had i notbe for tis le
	layer_4: such was elawt od the jus for theirsin they were sent bat bod way od tebrat se and i im made treidtho stapt with gree which in maon hade tronk with jy had  no be for thist le
	layer_6: such was telawdt af the jes for theire sing they were semt back bid way of the rat se and i am made tra tho staps with grave which im man have trungk with joy had dad not be for this leave
	layer_8: such was the lat of the jews for theire sin they were sent back by th way of the bra sea and i am madeo tra those staps with grave which i man have trunk with joy had itd not been for this lave
	layer_10: such was the lat of the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the gra s and i am made to tre those steps with griave which my mint have drunk with joy had it not been for this leeve
	layer_12: such was the lat of the jews for ther sin they were sent back by the way of the ratc and i am made to tre those steps with griave which my mint have drunk with joy had it not been for this leeve

file: 7697-105815-0030.flac
expected: how far might i have been on my way by this time
	layer_2: ho foarman a haf being o my wy biy this ti
	layer_4: holfarmand i halgf being o my we by is tine
	layer_6: ow farmen i halvf obeing o my wet by this time
	layer_8: how farmant i have e beng on my wa by this time
	layer_10: how farme i have e beeng on my way by this time
	layer_12: how farmin i have e beeing on my way by this time

file: 7697-105815-0031.flac
expected: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where for a spell he sat down and wept but at last as he cast a sad glance at the foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught up with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_2: n y vistome ye hat come to ta vao want's mor whe hre forest pel hi said ding wet wboth at lnast as he casa set lans at fot itd the benge he sol hisor whiche codte with haced and poultin his clog
	layer_4: now y vistime he had come to the vayu hencs mor whe he for sepel he said dowin wet but at last as he casas set lans ad fot ovf the bengh he so hisro which he caude with hast and puldling his clok
	layer_6: now y thistoime he had come to the vau wance more whe re for spel he said dow in qwuet but at laset as the cas a set lans adt foot of the bench e saw hisrew which he caughd u with hased and putting his cloak
	layer_8: now by this time he had come to the vaue once more wherere fore spell he said dowin quot but at last as the castasat glance at foot of the bench he saw his row which he caught up with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_10: now by this time he had come to the vaiu once more wher r for spell he sat down in quaed but at last as he castasat glanced athe foot of the bench he saw his row which he caught up with haste and puttin his cloak
	layer_12: now by this time he had come to the vaiu once more wher r for spell he sat down in quaped but at last as he casta sat glanced athe foot of the bench he saw his srow which he caught up with haste and putt in his cloak

file: 7697-105815-0032.flac
expected: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his scroll
	layer_2: worrs arth weae to tol thej f cristion when he hat gout a he s wro
	layer_4: wors are to we to tel the jayiofe cristion when he hat gout bac hi s wro
	layer_6: wers are to wek to tel the joy of cristion when he had got bat his ro
	layer_8: wors are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roaw
	layer_10: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his row
	layer_12: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his row

file: 7697-105815-0033.flac
expected: he laid it up in the breast of his coat and gave thanks to god
	layer_2: he ladedu ing the brousterd his coed and tithans torgar
	layer_4: he ladeduh in the bruster his cod and gi thens to gad
	layer_6: he laded uch in the brust of his coade and give thanks to gard
	layer_8: he lad id u in the brust of his coate and give thanks to gard
	layer_10: he laid it up in the brust of his coad and gave thanks to guad
	layer_12: he laid it up in the brust of his coad and gave thanks to guad

file: 7697-105815-0034.flac
expected: with what a light step did he now climb the hill
	layer_2: wold wata lo stacp tat h no clm the hm
	layer_4: weit wat a lietact tad he no clame the hou
	layer_6: woith what er light stacp tdid he now clamd the hu
	layer_8: with whatar light stack did he now clamed the h
	layer_10: with what a light stapk did he now clam the hu
	layer_12: with what a light stap did he now clamb the hu

file: 7697-105815-0035.flac
expected: ah thought he these beasts range in the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them
	layer_2: har tho he tese pe srenging the nie for their pro and ithy shul med wih meng he dard haofed y flt fonn
	layer_4: ha thogh he these bed srenging the note for their pry and ithy should met with meng dard heltred i flive from dein
	layer_6: hah thoughhe these beat sranging the niht for their prey and if they should meet with men a dard heltred i flit from themn
	layer_8: hah thoughthe these beeaths stranging the night for their pre and if they should meet with me an adard hal should i fly from them
	layer_10: hah thought he these beats stranging the night for their pri and if they should meet with me an the dard howl should i fly from them
	layer_12: ha thought he these beasts stranging the night for their pri and if they should meet with me and the dard how should i fly from them

file: 7697-105815-0036.flac
expected: the name of the man who kept the lodge of that house was watchful and when he saw that christian made a halt as if he would go back he came out to him and said is thy strength so small
	layer_2: the nam of t heman who capt the loge of thea hous was watfal ned when he soder riston ma te hud as ip he go at hece mouto hin han sa is iystrnf so's mor
	layer_4: the nametofthe men who kept the lge of that hous was watfo and whene he sother pristiron madt heold as if e would do back he cam ou to hime insat is y strin so's mo
	layer_6: the name of the mean who kept the lage of ther hous was watfor and when he saw their cristiron made a held as if he would go bagk the came oud to him in sat is voy strenh sole s more
	layer_8: the name of the men who kept the lardge of theirt house was wathfor and when he saw their qhristiran made a het as if he would go back bhe came out to him and sad  is by strenth soles more
	layer_10: the name of the men who kept the lage of ther house was wathfor and when he saw their christian made a het as if he would go back he came out to him and sad it is boys strength soesmore
	layer_12: the name of the men who kept the lage of theirt house was wathfor and when he saw their christian made a het as if he would go back he came out to him and said i is boys strength sovsmor

file: 7697-105815-0037.flac
expected: fear not the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those that have it and to find out those that have none
	layer_2: fer ns thet to wive bcs for they ra bon by chaings and orecoot erede cothe fai thof thos bet hapet and opy nou thos bet hat nong
	layer_4: fer e noato te do wive best for they re bount by chaings and aur cout earedethite faythof thosed bat happet and to fy now thos bet hat nong
	layer_6: feareno o the do wie beast for they arebound by changs and aure cout hear to thyeta faith of those bet happit and to pinow those bet hath knong
	layer_8: feara nord the two wild beasts for they are bountd by changs and are cut her to try te faith of those bat habit and to find ou those bet hath knong
	layer_10: fearanat the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are cult here to try te faith of those bad habit and to find out those that hath knowng
	layer_12: fear anat the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are cut here to try the faith of those bad habit and to find out those that hath knowng

file: 7697-105815-0038.flac
expected: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to thee
	layer_2: kip eing the mistef the pavfh andno ha shrcon tovi
	layer_4: kip ein the mistof the pave and no harm shorcomtivi
	layer_6: kip in the misto f the path and no harm sharcomptive
	layer_8: kip in the miste f the path and no harm shi comtevi
	layer_10: kip in the midst of the path and no harm shal come tevi
	layer_12: kip in the mist of the path and no harm shall come tevi

file: 7697-105815-0039.flac
expected: then i saw in my dream that still he went on in great dread of the wild beasts he heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stood in front of the lodge where watchful dwelt
	layer_2: the ni soing mytr tha s teu h bentoning ra drat hat the wid becs ie herd the  gror yit theaded t he no harm o wen he had gow by then he wentaoith jy to he cam and stoin frondof h lod e ared wathfold dt
	layer_4: the ni soing my rem that ste he bent on ing ray drat of the wied beas it heard the gror yit theyded t hem no harm but wen he had gon bye thenm he went an with joy to hed came and stoling fround of the lodwehred wach fold dod
	layer_6: the ni sawing my dreem that s te he bwent on ing gray dread of the wie beas eherd them gror yet they did hem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy to hid came and stil ing frond of the lag wheaed watchful god
	layer_8: the niht saw ing my dream that s ti he went on a graey drad of the wilde beast e heard them groar yet they did heim no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do hi came and stil ing front of the ladge whe aed watchful god
	layer_10: the ight saw in my dream that stil he went on a gray dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy to he came and stil in front of the lodge wher head watchful got
	layer_12: the night saw in my dream that stil he went on a greay dread of the wild beasts i heard them ror yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy to he came and stil in front of the loge wher ead watchful god

file: 7697-105815-0040.flac
expected: christian sir what house is this may i rest here to night
	layer_2: r ston sur oat hatiteis m res heare t nighed
	layer_4: prestion su hat housi this me  res here tonidt
	layer_6: pristion sir what house if this man  res here to niht
	layer_8: phristian sir what house of this may  rest here tonight
	layer_10: christian sir what house if this may i rest here to night
	layer_12: christian sir what house if this may i rest here to night

file: 7697-105815-0041.flac
expected: when watchful told her why christian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_2: whan wath fol toder wiequwisston hat tom ther she said wat iy shor naim
	layer_4: whend wath fol todher whiequistion had tom ther she said what is shur kname
	layer_6: when watchfol told her why quistien had tomethere she said what is shour name
	layer_8: when wachfol told her why quistion had come there she said what is your name
	layer_10: when watchfor told her why question had come there she said what is your name
	layer_12: when watchford told her why quistian had come there she said what is your name

file: 7697-105815-0042.flac
expected: then christian bent down his head and went with them to the house
	layer_2: thencrstnf ba dos ha and wen withem to hous
	layer_4: then cristr be dlie had and when with em to house
	layer_6: then christrn ben dalec head and when with thim to ithouse
	layer_8: then christa bend dallis head and went with them to is house
	layer_10: then christan bend dallis head and went with thim to i house
	layer_12: then christian bend allis head and went with thim to is house

file: 7697-105815-0043.flac
expected: piety come good christian since our love prompts us to take you in to rest let us talk with you of all that you have seen on your way
	layer_2: hity con gut criston seenstar lt fronpses to day hulin toreast that s to withyou a farl dthat ou hav sing o you way
	layer_4: hity con good criston seinstaur lo prompsers to tayk uling to rast lhatis tok with you a far that shou have seeing o youway
	layer_6: higty conm good criston seenst ou lo prompsers to tak uling to rest let is talk with you a folrl that soul have seen on your way
	layer_8: highty com good christian sine t our love promps us to take ealing to rest let us talk with you affore that should have seen on your way
	layer_10: heighty come good christian seens to our love prompts us to take eling to rest let us talk with you afal that should have seen on your way
	layer_12: heighty come good christian seens to our love prompts us to take feling to rest let us talk with you afar that should have seen on your way

file: 7697-105815-0044.flac
expected: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_2: gforson with a lide gowt and  im lat that shu should askit of me
	layer_4: corson with a rid g wo and wi am lat that seu should askit of me
	layer_6: cision with a rihe goop wil and i emblat that sho should asket of me
	layer_8: cistion with a right good wil and ii am glad that sho should ask it of me
	layer_10: christian with a right good wil and i am glad that syou should ask it of me
	layer_12: christian with a right good wil and i am glad that you should ask it of me

file: 7697-105815-0045.flac
expected: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish so much to go to mount zion
	layer_2: roudems and frs say wot isivf tha mathul wichto mught god mon th
	layer_4: crudence and first say watisive that matiol wish til muche d god mong tine
	layer_6: crudance and first say what isiv that ma shoull wish till much t god mongt iang
	layer_8: prudence and first say what is if that mayshul wish till much togo to moncin
	layer_10: prudence and first say what is it that masal wishd till much to go to montin
	layer_12: prudence and first say what is it that masial wishd til much to go to montian

file: 7697-105815-0046.flac
expected: there they say is no death and there i shall dwell with such as love the lord
	layer_2: thr they say is no deh and ther i sha doua with suchias not the lnoargd
	layer_4: ther they say is no deth and there i sh a doel with such est noht the lord
	layer_6: there they say is no death and there i shup doel with such as not dhe lord
	layer_8: there they say is no death and there i shlp dell with such as lo the lord
	layer_10: there they say is no death and therei shall dwell with such as lod the lord
	layer_12: there they say is no death and there i shall dwell with such as lod the lord

file: 7697-105815-0047.flac
expected: charity have you a wife and babes christian yes i have
	layer_2: cartin ha byou wi en bas oisiu yisa hav
	layer_4: chatiyn hav byou wive an bavs trisun ye us i have
	layer_6: chartyn have youa wike and baves riune yes i halvf
	layer_8: charte have youar wife and baves ricsum yes i have
	layer_10: charrity have you wife and baves cristamn yes i have
	layer_12: charrity have you wife and baves cristamn yes i have

file: 7697-105815-0048.flac
expected: charity and why did you not bring them with you
	layer_2: charting the wintd sou notrin then with you
	layer_4: charting ne wineat u not ring then with you
	layer_6: charitin le wineid you not greng then with you
	layer_8: charitin le wine a you not gring them with you
	layer_10: charitin le wi did you  not bring them with you
	layer_12: charitin le wi id you  not bring them with you

file: 7697-105815-0049.flac
expected: but they would not come with me nor have me leave them
	layer_2: bhe thea would nou com with me nor heaet me lasom
	layer_4: be they woult no come with me nore havf mee lestom
	layer_6: but they would not come with me nor halv me  leave him
	layer_8: but they would not come with me nor have me leave them
	layer_10: but they would not come with me nor hahe me leave them
	layer_12: but they would not come with me nor hate me leave them

file: 7697-105815-0050.flac
expected: thus did christian talk with these friends till it grew dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slept till break of day and then he sang a hymn
	layer_2: thos t it pristion tok with his pranstouit roam dargk and then hi to hisastt ing large ro the nane o owich wat ps there he s lat tewld breatua day and then hesami him
	layer_4: thestid pition tock with this franstulit oom darg and then hitok hisreast ing largeron te naynmge of which wash pease there heslapt t owd break ha day and then he sam ham
	layer_6: thus it qistion talk with this frandstilit room darg and then he too his rest ing larg room the name of which was pece there he slaped t you brak o day and then he san a hame
	layer_8: thus tid quistion talk with his friends til it room dark and then he took his rest in o a large room the name of which was piece there he slapped t you break a day and then he sa a ham
	layer_10: thus did quistion talk with his friends stil it room dark and then he took his rest into a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped t youl break a day and then he sanmaham
	layer_12: thus did quistion talk with his friend still it room dark and then he took his rest into a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped tyoul break a day and then he sammaham

file: 7697-105815-0051.flac
expected: and they brought out the jaw bone of an ass with which samson did such great feats and the sling and stone with which david slew goliath of gath
	layer_2: and they brotowt ha jon bon of an n as with whech sensan dis such ryfes an the stling and stonwith which dabor s lo gouly of of dah
	layer_4: and they brout oud a jon bone of an aus with which sencon dis such refes and the stlen andston with which dabosluw galy oth of gath
	layer_6: and they brougt out a jong bone of an ask with which sensond is such gripies and the slin and stone with which daof sluw garlyath of dath
	layer_8: and they brougt out a jon bone of an ask with which sensened is such grefees and the slean and stone with which div af sluw garlith of dath
	layer_10: and they brought out a jon bone of an as with which sensend is such gra fees and the slan and a stone with which divof slu galith of dath
	layer_12: and they brought out a jon bone of an as with which sensend is such grafees and the slan and astone with which divof slu galioth of dath

file: 7697-105815-0052.flac
expected: what is the name of this land said christian
	layer_2: wase thn taimg of thi s len se riton
	layer_4: waiset n theyme of thes len sed crition
	layer_6: wois he dame of this len said crition
	layer_8: wha is the name of this lend said rician
	layer_10: what is the name of this land said criscian
	layer_12: what is the name of this land said crician

file: 7697-105815-0053.flac
expected: then they told him it was immanuel's land
	layer_2: than the totim it was him manyous lhend
	layer_4: then the tolim it was im manus lend
	layer_6: then they told him it was im manious laend
	layer_8: then they told him it was i manious land
	layer_10: then they told him it was imanious land
	layer_12: then they told him it was imanious land

file: 1255-138279-0000.flac
expected: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_2: it was a night when soro ma comto the britest without calsing any grat sencsivincon grurty wen with impressible persons love becomse suncestersness hop singxs tomisgiving and fath to hop wen ni arsis a memrey dhas not sterfetings of regrets at opartunites for ambition that a bempast biy and andti s ippation dus not promt tor entapriys
	layer_4: it was a night when soro may comtor the brightist with out causing any greate sencsofin congruty wern with impressible persons love becoms silscstersness hope singks to misgiving and fath to hope when te ex aus ise o memery dhas not ster fedings of regret ad opatunitis for ambition that av ben parst by and and tsippation das not prompt to enterpriyse
	layer_6: it was a night when sorrow mayd come to the brightist without causing any great sens of incongrity when with imprescibale persons love becomes sulcistorsness hope sings to miss giving and faith to hope when he exoecise of memory does not steir feelings of regret ad oppertunities for ambition that have been pasd by and and ticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_8: it was a knight when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sensof incongruity when with imprescible persons love becomes sylicistosness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret ad opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_10: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with imprescible persons love becomes solcitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_12: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with imprescible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise

file: 1255-138279-0001.flac
expected: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their media of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_2: stil to ort clas abserveer the oarjust as peseptible the iffrensirs that tham medir of maneif hestation allest ctriht andformilr and such wl kno ons es the bursting of the bodes or te fore of the lef
	layer_4: stil to ad cloce bsever they ajustas perseptible the differences that ther mediar of mandif hestation a lest tright and formiliar than such well nho ones as the bursting of the bods ar the fore of the lef
	layer_6: still to ad close observer they are justas perceptable the diferencis that their mediar of manifestation areless tright and formiliar than such well knoe ones as the bursting of the bods al the fall of the lieaf
	layer_8: still two ad close observer they are just as perceptable the diference is that their medioar of manifestation are less tright and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds o the fall of the leaf
	layer_10: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the diference is that their mediour of manifestation are less tright and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_12: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medior of manifestation are less tright and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf

file: 1255-138279-0002.flac
expected: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if any thing could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_2: heve eninthin col bedock of th on the sciy it was the wl and hivean ifthin coul be glumieorthan the wa it was the rifo be neth
	layer_4: hiveenin thin col bedarck ofthan the scy it was the wal and ive anit hin coul be glumir than the wal it was the river aneth
	layer_6: if anything couldbe dark of than the sky it was the wall and if anythingk couldbe glumia than the wall it was the river beniath
	layer_8: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_10: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_12: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath

file: 1255-138279-0003.flac
expected: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_2: an indis cribible suxcesion of dol blos pupleccing in the ragularty sent ther sownd with dificltythtrow the flofthy apes far
	layer_4: an indiscribable succession of dol bloes puplecing ind ther regularty sent thir sound with dificalty thrugh the floy aesfere
	layer_6: and indescribable succession of doul blos perplexing in their rigularity sent their sound with dificulty through the fluffy apmosfiare
	layer_8: an indescribable succession of dul blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_10: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_12: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere

file: 1255-138279-0004.flac
expected: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_2: nutlo aftr a ormat mvt by the brin k of the rifr
	layer_4: not lo after a format moveed by the brink of the river
	layer_6: not lo after a form a moved by the brink of the rive
	layer_8: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_10: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_12: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river

file: 1255-138279-0005.flac
expected: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_2: the swas al that was posit of ly dis coverble there ite seemedo hmen
	layer_4: this was a that was possitof ly discoverble theg it seemedo humon
	layer_6: this was all that was possitively discoverable thoug it seemed human
	layer_8: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_10: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_12: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human

file: 1255-138279-0006.flac
expected: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_2: the shapwhent slolyallan bu withaut mutsh egxession o the snow theo suden wast ot as yet moe then toinc es dep
	layer_4: the shape wente sloly alonn but without mutch exersion for the sno tho suden bas ot as yet more thean to inches deep
	layer_6: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_8: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow thogh sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_10: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_12: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep

file: 1255-138279-0007.flac
expected: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_2: ad this times o wrdes waspocen aloud an
	layer_4: at this timesom words was spoken aloud one
	layer_6: at this timesome words weae poken aloud one
	layer_8: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_10: at this time some words wers spoken aloud one
	layer_12: at this time some words were spoken aloud one

file: 1255-138279-0008.flac
expected: two three
	layer_2: to hre
	layer_4: to thre
	layer_6: to three
	layer_8: two three
	layer_10: two three
	layer_12: two three

file: 1255-138279-0009.flac
expected: four five
	layer_2: fo fie
	layer_4: fo fiee
	layer_6: fa five
	layer_8: four five
	layer_10: four five
	layer_12: for five

file: 1255-138279-0010.flac
expected: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_2: buetween each atrance thatitl shap ad vancet bot hafit us neards
	layer_4: butween each uterance the dittle shap et vancst about harfid us nyards
	layer_6: butween each utterance the dittle shap atvanced about halfr dusanyards
	layer_8: between each utterance the little shape advanced about hal a dozen yards
	layer_10: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_12: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards

file: 1255-138279-0011.flac
expected: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_2: heethe spout stopt and dwintle smorler
	layer_4: he ethe spot stopet andwinled smaorler
	layer_6: he erether spot stoped and windled smaller
	layer_8: heer the spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_10: here the spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_12: here the spot stopped and windled smaller

file: 1255-138279-0012.flac
expected: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_2: then an moslof sno flu a cros therehr towards the fif th winde
	layer_4: then a mosl of snow flue a cross the rever towards the fif th windo
	layer_6: then a morcale of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_8: then a mourcel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_10: then a morcl of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_12: then a morcele of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window

file: 1255-138279-0013.flac
expected: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_2: the rive woult af ben ceen by day to be of thata dep smoth sot which races midlonsies with the same dliding precision an y irigulartes f sped be him megec corected bass malwalpl
	layer_4: the river would hafe been seen by day to be of that adeep smoth sougt which races middleansids with the same dligding precision an y iregularitis of sped ben am meaguticorected bas mar welpl
	layer_6: the river would have been seen by day to be of that a deep smooth sourt which races middlean sides with the same dligding procision any irigularitis of speed beng ommegitli corrected byar small worlpl
	layer_8: the river would have been seen by day to be of that  deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the same dligding precision any irrigularities of speed beig immeditely corrected by small worpl
	layer_10: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middland sides with the same glighting precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by small worpl
	layer_12: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middland sides with the same glighting precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small wirlpul

file: 1255-138279-0014.flac
expected: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_2: the winere was stroc agam in the sae manar
	layer_4: the win neewas strock agaynm in the same manner
	layer_6: the window wers struck agaime in the same manne
	layer_8: the window was struck againe in the same manner
	layer_10: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_12: the window was struck again in the same manner

file: 1255-138279-0015.flac
expected: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_2: than anoise was hrt aparclay produsetby the oeny the windo
	layer_4: thean anois was herd a parcly peroduset by the openye of the windo
	layer_6: then a noise was heard apparactly produced by the openy of the window
	layer_8: then a noise was heard apparetly produced by the openig of the window
	layer_10: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_12: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window

file: 1255-138279-0016.flac
expected: said the blurred spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_2: said the blord spoton the sno reminlesly
	layer_4: said the blard spot in the snow tremmilessly
	layer_6: said the blurd spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_8: said the bloud spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_10: said the blourd spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_12: said the blourd spot in the snow tremulously

file: 1255-138279-0017.flac
expected: i asked which was your window forgive me
	layer_2: i as which was yua wenno fo givme
	layer_4: i as wich was your wenno for give me
	layer_6: i askwith was your winnow forgive me
	layer_8: i ask hit was your window forgive me
	layer_10: i ask hit was your window forgive me
	layer_12: i ask it was your window forgive me

file: 1255-138279-0018.flac
expected: well i said that you might
	layer_2: hel ise id the you might
	layer_4: wel isaid the you might
	layer_6: whele i said that you might
	layer_8: whel i said that you might
	layer_10: whell i said that you might
	layer_12: whell i said that you might

file: 1255-138279-0019.flac
expected: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_2: ho musti ites wen chal we be maried frink
	layer_4: o musti it is wen shall e be marred frank
	layer_6: oh must i it is when shal be be married frank
	layer_8: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_10: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_12: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank

file: 1255-138279-0020.flac
expected: i have money
	layer_2: have mony
	layer_4: i have mone
	layer_6: i have mony
	layer_8: i have money
	layer_10: i have money
	layer_12: i have money

file: 1255-138279-0021.flac
expected: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_2: and we live in toparshes do e wat then
	layer_4: and we live in to parshes doie what then
	layer_6: and we live in two pariches doi what then
	layer_8: and we live in two parishes doy what then
	layer_10: and we live in two parishes doe what then
	layer_12: and we live in two parishes doe what then

file: 1255-138279-0022.flac
expected: if i said so of course i will
	layer_2: if is id so caols i wil
	layer_4: if i sid so caols i will
	layer_6: if i sid sevf carse i will
	layer_8: if i said sof course i will
	layer_10: if i said so course i will
	layer_12: if i said so course i will

file: 1255-138279-0023.flac
expected: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_2: the fecktis ie foogot to ask
	layer_4: the fect his i forgot to ask
	layer_6: the factis i forgot to ask
	layer_8: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_10: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_12: the fact is i forgot to ask

file: 1255-138279-0024.flac
expected: good night frank good night
	layer_2: goul dnive frik gould nit
	layer_4: could ni'e frak gold night
	layer_6: gold nit frak good night
	layer_8: god night frak good night
	layer_10: good knight frank good knight
	layer_12: good knight frank good night

file: 1255-90407-0000.flac
expected: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_2: he hapenothing seriusat hapent to drie har ot at sucan untoward s tim
	layer_4: he hape nothing seriu s ad hapenet to drake her out d such an untoward  time
	layer_6: he hoped nothing serius hat happened to dreke her out ad such an unterward time
	layer_8: he hoped nothing serius had happened to dreagge her out at such an unteward time
	layer_10: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an unteward time
	layer_12: he hoped nothing serious had happened to dragg her out at such an unterward time

file: 1255-90407-0001.flac
expected: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_2: but is the rain gave not the tlese sie of sesation he absorvet i thinkt wecha havetogerbarc nevar
	layer_4: but as the rayin gave not thea theast sine of serssation he abserved i thinck wicshal have togoback nevar
	layer_6: but as the raying gave not the theast signe of sessation he observed i think we shoal have to go back never
	layer_8: but as the raing gave not the theast sign of sessation he observed i think we shl have to go back never
	layer_10: but as the rain gave not the least sign of senssation he observed i think we shalhave to go back never
	layer_12: but as the rain gave not the least sign of senssation he observed i think we shllhave to go back never

file: 1255-90407-0002.flac
expected: why not he inquired
	layer_2: wy not hein cart
	layer_4: wy not heincrard
	layer_6: wy not hincrired
	layer_8: why not hincired
	layer_10: why not he inquired
	layer_12: why not h inquired

file: 1255-90407-0003.flac
expected: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_2: i can ot on te stand how ou should ne me whal i have nonon ige of ou
	layer_4: i cannot ond te stand how you should neo me whale i have now nonige of you
	layer_6: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no nonage of yoeu
	layer_8: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_10: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_12: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you

file: 1255-90407-0004.flac
expected: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_2: o bhad you nr me abo t meatliastd
	layer_4: o bud you kno me abot me at liesd
	layer_6: o but you know me about me at least
	layer_8: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_10: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_12: oh but you know me about me at least

file: 1255-90407-0005.flac
expected: i should think so
	layer_2: itud thinksi
	layer_4: hitoul thing so
	layer_6: i shoul think so
	layer_8: i should think so
	layer_10: i should think so
	layer_12: i should think so

file: 1255-90407-0006.flac
expected: he's my father indeed
	layer_2: hese my fhather inded
	layer_4: hese my father inded
	layer_6: he'se my father indeed
	layer_8: he's my father indeed
	layer_10: he's my father indeed
	layer_12: he's my father indeed

file: 1255-90407-0007.flac
expected: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_2: but we ave bentenents of sil vany acossl ond the ailedhr the seson
	layer_4: but we ae beentenentse of silvanyar cassle on the ilend her the season
	layer_6: but we have been tenante of silvaniar castle on the iland here this eason
	layer_8: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_10: but we have ben tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_12: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season

file: 1255-90407-0008.flac
expected: my father's is a comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_2: mi fl thers icussicomparfklif they humble residon'shad by
	layer_4: my fa thers ises sicomparfcl if the humble risidance hard by
	layer_6: my fathers is u se comparical if the humble residence hard by
	layer_8: my fathers is a so compariall if the humble residence hard by
	layer_10: my fathers is as so compariall of te humble residence hard by
	layer_12: my fathers is as so comparital ov te humble residence hard by

file: 1255-90407-0009.flac
expected: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_2: but he goud of fort amuth bice a ineiof he chos
	layer_4: but he cood a forht a much bik ar wine if he chos
	layer_6: but he could afort a much bickar wne if he chose
	layer_8: but he could afford a much bicger oine if he chose
	layer_10: but he could afford a much bigger wone if he chose
	layer_12: but he could afford a much bigger wone if he chose

file: 1255-90407-0010.flac
expected: you have heard so
	layer_2: you hrd se
	layer_4: youe rd si
	layer_6: youa eard si
	layer_8: you hae heard so
	layer_10: you have heard so
	layer_12: you have heard so

file: 1255-90407-0011.flac
expected: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_2: i toed no he dustomy much of his offhrs
	layer_4: i dod now he dustntome much of his of heirs
	layer_6: i don't kno he dostn't tol me much of his ofairs
	layer_8: i don't know he doesn't tel me much of his affairs
	layer_10: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_12: i don't know he desn't tell me much of his affairs

file: 1255-90407-0012.flac
expected: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_2: mi farthr she berst ot s ueny is oway s coty me for mikexstrevegencs
	layer_4: my father she berst ot sudny is always scoting me for mike strevigonce
	layer_6: my father she bursed out sudnly is always coding me for my extrevicance
	layer_8: my father she burst out sudenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_10: my father she burst out suddenly is alwayscoding me for my extravagance
	layer_12: my father she burst out suddenly is alwayscoding me for my extravagance

file: 1255-90407-0013.flac
expected: was that this evening
	layer_2: was that thicevening
	layer_4: was that thicsevening
	layer_6: was that this evening
	layer_8: was that this evening
	layer_10: was that this evening
	layer_12: was that this evening

file: 1255-90407-0014.flac
expected: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_2: theron the nets they sat
	layer_4: ther on the nets they sat
	layer_6: there on the nets they sat
	layer_8: there on the knets they sat
	layer_10: there on the knets they sat
	layer_12: there on the nets they sat

file: 1255-90407-0015.flac
expected: jocelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagues to this daughter of the capulets
	layer_2: josl inpot it stranege o that he shoul bethfrom by fatintopasition to play the some ofthe montogus to this dorter of the cappidts
	layer_4: jostlinfor it strange o that he shoul be throm by fat into porsition to play the son of the mon toguse to this dorter of the capidits
	layer_6: justlin fort it strange that he should be throm by fahte into a position to play the suneof the monterguse to this daughter of the capitits
	layer_8: joslin fought its strange that he should be throwne by fate into a position to play the son of the montargues to this daughter of the capinets
	layer_10: jossline thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montegus to this daughter of the capinets
	layer_12: jossilin thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montegus to this daughter of the capinets

file: 1255-90407-0016.flac
expected: no i shall go on and get a lodging in budmouth town if ever i reach it
	layer_2: nho i hol go rn an gat alodging in bup uth tiowrn if ever i reachet
	layer_4: no i shll go on and gt a loging in bubarth tion ife ever i rachut
	layer_6: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bubmath tirn if ever i reach it
	layer_8: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bubmath tiwne if ever i reach it
	layer_10: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bubmath town if ever i reach it
	layer_12: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bummath town if ever i reach it

file: 1255-90407-0017.flac
expected: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_2: it ie sola tof the therwle benow hose aen axsepto ittl plast r the station m wont carterstay
	layer_4: it is solat of tha that wil eenow howse open accep to ittle plaste or the tation wer you wont carto stay
	layer_6: it is so late of tha thet willbe no house open accep to little place ne af the station wiere you wont care to stay
	layer_8: it is so latie that there will be no house open acept a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_10: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_12: it is so latee that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay

file: 1255-90407-0018.flac
expected: the island was an island still
	layer_2: the idend was an ilant sti
	layer_4: the ilend was an ilento sti
	layer_6: the iland was an ilant still
	layer_8: the island was an island still
	layer_10: the island was an island still
	layer_12: the island was an island still

file: 1255-90407-0019.flac
expected: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_2: the had n ot ren is the fors of the at imens to now
	layer_4: ther had not reanlised the forse of the atemanse ti know
	layer_6: they had not rellized the force of the edements till now
	layer_8: they had not realized the force of the enements till now
	layer_10: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_12: they had not realized the force of the elements till now

file: 1255-90407-0020.flac
expected: he steadied her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_2: he stid id her bodlaby in sukling he waset withis anm and she made dorbjection
	layer_4: he sid did her bodely aby in surctling hew wacet with his arm and she made nobjection
	layer_6: he saidded her boddilly by incircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_8: he seitded her boddily by incircling her wast with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_10: he seted her bodily by incircling her waiste with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_12: he seted her bodily by incircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection

file: 1255-90407-0021.flac
expected: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_2: he pitit thar and walhe ontedated ad mard heard itomination
	layer_4: he pititer and while he one ded at ed at mard her dittermination
	layer_6: he pitet her and while he wonded at id ad mard her determination
	layer_8: he pited her and while he wondered at it admard her determination
	layer_10: he pittied her and while he wandered at it admared her determination
	layer_12: he pitted her and while he wandered at it admired her determination

file: 1255-90407-0022.flac
expected: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_2: ther application fromition lerte to the with trare of a bot and te stod within te gasliht of the passige
	layer_4: there application for amission led te to the with gral of aboat and they stod within the gaslit of the passige
	layer_6: theire application for a mission led e to the with drawl of a boat and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_8: their application for amission led h to the withdrawl of a boat and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_10: their application for admission led er to the withdraw of a boat and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_12: their application for admission led er to the withdraw of a boat and they stood within the gaslight of the passage

file: 1255-90407-0023.flac
expected: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_2: he could se now the thor she wa supth of fine fier uit has torldas himself she was but in the blmof yung wiomen whod
	layer_4: he could see know the thire she was such a fine figar quit as talrlers himself she was but in the blom ofe young woman whod
	layer_6: he could see now that thoe she was such a fin figar quit has tall ers himself she was but in the bloom of young womanood
	layer_8: he could see now that tho she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_10: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_12: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood

file: 1255-90407-0024.flac
expected: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_2: i wertal the sevrts to do thissind sendyou ups onty dlet
	layer_4: i wile tel the selveents to do thison send yurups on the doet
	layer_6: i will tel the selvant to do this an send yu ups onthy do eat
	layer_8: i will tell the servant to do this andd send you upsonthe to at
	layer_10: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up somethin to eat
	layer_12: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up somethin to eat

file: 1255-90407-0025.flac
expected: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_2: hef velt revin as lhey hungre himsef and sut about dring his tlo thes sus walas he cood and eating oft the same time
	layer_4: he felt reavenusly hungry himself and sed about driyng his lo tha sus wellas hy cood and eating oft the same time
	layer_6: he felt ravenusly hungry himself and set about drying his tloh thasas wellas he could and eating at the same time
	layer_8: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drwying his cloth thas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_10: he felt revernously hungry himself and set about drawing his clotheas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_12: he felt revernously hungry himself and set about drawing his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time

file: 1255-90407-0026.flac
expected: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contriving to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_2: by the ad or some tempra rap son somstiprs rom the cobed he was contrivet to makcimself comtible whin the matesevnd camd anstrs withae dampe amforl of womensrament
	layer_4: by the ade ofe some temperarapsond someslippes from the cobed he was contrived to make himself comfitable when the made selv ent camed onstairs with ha dampr amfurl of womans rament
	layer_6: by the aid of some tempery rapsand some slippers from the cobed he was contrived to makehimself comfotable when the made selfant came onstars with a damp armful of woman's rament
	layer_8: by the aid of some tempory raps and some slippers from the cubord he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_10: by the aid of some tempory wrapts and some slippers from the cupbard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's rament
	layer_12: by the aid of some tempory wraps and some slippers from the cupbard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armfull of woman's raiment

file: 1255-90407-0027.flac
expected: you are sleepy my girl said pierston
	layer_2: ou wa stlepe iy ger said piston
	layer_4: ou wa slepee my go said peson
	layer_6: you wall slep i my go said piurson
	layer_8: you will sleep hi my girl said pierson
	layer_10: you will slep hi my girl said piercon
	layer_12: you will sleep him my girl said pierson

file: 1255-90407-0028.flac
expected: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_2: heoe gaime becan concers of the chaind whic tor beninishated jo r the boark
	layer_4: he ea gamed becanm consies of the chaned whic to ben anishiated join the woak
	layer_6: he againe became concious of the chane which tha been initiated join the walk
	layer_8: he again became conscious of the change which had been inistiated oing the walk
	layer_10: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_12: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk

file: 1255-90407-0029.flac
expected: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attire
	layer_2: the welblloved was meve horse had gorn ever to the war of thi sutar
	layer_4: the wel belovid was movin hose had gon over to the wara of thisatar
	layer_6: the well belovid was moving house had gon over to the warer of this atir
	layer_8: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the warer of this attire
	layer_10: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the warer of this attire
	layer_12: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attir

file: 1255-90407-0030.flac
expected: and how about little avice caro
	layer_2: and howbout it llev his cao
	layer_4: and hobout it leve hs carro
	layer_6: and halbout tittle evis carrow
	layer_8: and hwbout little ev' carrow
	layer_10: and how about little evis carrow
	layer_12: and how about little evi's carrow

file: 1255-74899-0000.flac
expected: things arrange themselves
	layer_2: thins arange themselvs
	layer_4: things aranged the selves
	layer_6: things arange themselves
	layer_8: things arranged themselves
	layer_10: things arrange themselves
	layer_12: things arrange themselves

file: 1255-74899-0001.flac
expected: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_2: but the cantes nev a gave way an ine
	layer_4: but the contis neveagave way and inch
	layer_6: but the cantis never gave way an inch
	layer_8: but the cantiss never gave way an inch
	layer_10: but the contess never gave way an inch
	layer_12: but the contess never gave way an inch

file: 1255-74899-0002.flac
expected: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_2: the foloing was the anse i wac she retrnd sod thef no t riton to harby aund juldur
	layer_4: the folowing was the anceor which she returnd sod the no to rien to her by arndojulier
	layer_6: the following was the answer which she returned so the note ritten to her by arnrgulia
	layer_8: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt i julia
	layer_10: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_12: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia

file: 1255-74899-0003.flac
expected: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_2: i sharle ont ow hardad grink wi ithem and shed do ar hundera things whi to makethemthing me a beast
	layer_4: i shoul ont now hard ad drink wime it them and shoeld do a hunder ethings whire to makethem thingt me abeast
	layer_6: i shoul not now ho t a drink wime wit them and sheu do ar hundertar things whirh wule make them think me a beast
	layer_8: i shol not know how to drink wie with them and should do a hundrod things which wuld make them think me a beast
	layer_10: i shold not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_12: i shald not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast

file: 1255-74899-0004.flac
expected: but the girl begged for some delay
	layer_2: bot the geall beetd for some to day
	layer_4: but the ga baktd for some te dey
	layer_6: but the girl bee for some do day
	layer_8: but the girl baed for some do day
	layer_10: but the girl baked for some doday
	layer_12: but the girl baked for some doday

file: 1255-74899-0005.flac
expected: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_2: hit was a mat of the reqard to beconciderd
	layer_4: itd was a mat of the drequard to be concided
	layer_6: it was a mat of the drequired to be consided
	layer_8: it was a mater that require to be considered
	layer_10: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_12: it was a matter that required to be considered

file: 1255-74899-0006.flac
expected: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_2: prideend him myht is weakc as pridt in then
	layer_4: pride in him might beas weak as priede ind them
	layer_6: prid in him might be as wek as priht in them
	layer_8: prite an him might be as weak as pright an then
	layer_10: pride in him might be as weak as pridt an them
	layer_12: pride in him might be as weak as prit an them

file: 1255-74899-0007.flac
expected: if they would put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_2: iv he wiae pult it ther hans to him whi should e lifue to put ad his on
	layer_4: hep er wie pult out their hans to him wy should he refusedto put hod his on
	layer_6: hipbe were put out their hands to him why should he refused to put o his own
	layer_8: i ty were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_10: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_12: if they welre put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own

file: 1255-74899-0008.flac
expected: our tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his client and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_2: art tader reseave tin certuslay hand y lernte to like theman and hastaneiod thet he had behaed with onisty and wistom inregard to his cland andrspictig im s whon of the workhas of the day but he di clard thet fol  a ovle famly as afamly he didnot cavert hiprticuly
	layer_4: ar talar receeved inm curtiesly had hn lerned to like the man an ostaniyg that hel had behave with onesty and wisdom in regard to his cland and respectig im has wone of the work rs of the day but he ded clared that fur thelovel family as a family he did not carefor themprticully
	layer_6: artalar received him curtiously having learned to like the man understanning that hele had behaved with onesty and wisdom in regard to his cland and respectinghim as one of the workrs of the day but he dedclaed that for the lovel family as a family he did not carefor them particully
	layer_8: artalor received him courtiously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respectinghim as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particully
	layer_10: artailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respectinghim as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularary
	layer_12: artailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particulary

file: 1255-74899-0009.flac
expected: they are poles asunder from me he said
	layer_2: the u pols a sund rfro me he sed
	layer_4: they a pols a sander fro me he said
	layer_6: they are pols a sunder from me he said
	layer_8: they appols acander from me he said
	layer_10: they apolsd a sander from me he said
	layer_12: they apols a sander from me he said

file: 1255-74899-0010.flac
expected: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_2: but bol gouldforton a meridt i yu ol alomitosa ca you hav roof fro the won pol therif fart owald s y other
	layer_4: but by your good fortun amerid iv you wile alami tos say sa you have treveo from the wonepol tvhery fard awalds e other
	layer_6: but by your good fortune a mearrid if you will allowmy to say so you have trove from the onepole very far to ward's the other
	layer_8: but by your good fortune ae merritd if you will allow me to say so you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_10: but by your good fortune an merrit if you will allow me to say so you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_12: but by your good fortune a merrit if you will allow me to say so you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other

file: 1255-74899-0011.flac
expected: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_2: apresend i thit thof the sens of the countrias infaverof an atistopcrs af berh
	layer_4: a pressent i thite thof the sens of the countrius in faver of an aristocrcy of burth
	layer_6: a present i thinkthef the sense of the countriis in favor of an aristocricy of berth
	layer_8: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of brth
	layer_10: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_12: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth

file: 1255-74899-0012.flac
expected: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_2: when yo rfor mas t amonghem do gou not wish to betha moster
	layer_4: whern youw wer for mes to mong them ti you not wish to be thir master
	layer_6: when you wer for most among them did yo not wish to be their master
	layer_8: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_10: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_12: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master

file: 1255-74899-0013.flac
expected: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_2: hit is on to ittl liges stiveta ork huen efut shud and mst tend
	layer_4: hit is an to itu legiscitlive an o humen efart shouod and must tend
	layer_6: hit is one to bit jal legictive an all human effortshould and must tend
	layer_8: it is one to wit  al legicative and all human eforts should and must tend
	layer_10: it is one to which al legisaitive and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_12: it is one to which al legisative and all human efforts should and must tend

file: 1255-74899-0014.flac
expected: when you make much water boil mister thwaite some of it will probably boil over
	layer_2: wn you mat munth wrt a bomis o fait son titbule probe ly bilve
	layer_4: wen you make much wat o boilmissto fhate sow vitble probly bilover
	layer_6: when you make much wata boil mister thragte so vit will probabaly boil over
	layer_8: when you make much water boil mister thet soe of it will probably boil over
	layer_10: when you make much water boil mister thit some of it will probably boil over
	layer_12: when you make much water boil mister thrigt some of it will probably boil over

file: 1255-74899-0015.flac
expected: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_2: i qiht at greuityu that the sil gan sha bekepfor therelders and sa the co sation mwas ended
	layer_4: i quiht a gre withyu that the sill gans shoul be kep for their eldrs and sa the convisation mwas ended
	layer_6: i quite agree withyou that the sil gans shoul be kep for their elders and sa the convorsation was ended
	layer_8: i quite agree with you that the silk gans should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_10: i quite agree with you that the silk gans should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_12: i quite agree with you that the silk gans shuld be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended

file: 1255-74899-0016.flac
expected: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_2: with her the was ar re al wish th of the pos mip bejinted to gethrby harf u cjhour haspend
	layer_4: with her the was a reo wish tho the pols migp bejointd to gether by herf uchuo husbaned
	layer_6: with her there was a reaal wish that the pols mighpebejoined together by her futar husband
	layer_8: with her there was a reaal wish that the pols might bejoined together by her future husband
	layer_10: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_12: with her there was a real wish that the pols might be joined together by her future husband

file: 1255-74899-0017.flac
expected: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_2: hve you redi ch id you sll g he sid
	layer_4: hive you realy wish od you sol go he said
	layer_6: if you readly wish e you shall go he said
	layer_8: if you really wish i you shall go he said
	layer_10: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_12: if you really wish it you shall go he said

file: 1255-74899-0018.flac
expected: and a blue one to be married in alas me
	layer_2: and a ble on to be baredin ha asme
	layer_4: and able one to be maridin u as me
	layer_6: and a blue one to be maridin a as me
	layer_8: and a blue one to be mariedin hal ask me
	layer_10: and a blue one to be maried in a ask me
	layer_12: and a blue one to be married in ha as me

file: 1255-74899-0019.flac
expected: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_2: mastivea pink sil gon ta wark abotin rli on he morning
	layer_4: mus ihave r pink silt gown to wak about in arli in the morning
	layer_6: must i have a pink silt gown to walk about ineary in the morning
	layer_8: must  have a pink silkt gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_10: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_12: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning

file: 1255-74899-0020.flac
expected: i'd sooner see you darning my worsted stockings sweetheart
	layer_2: i soun nis ehe drnd my werst hids toking hs wetart
	layer_4: i soons ev dand my worst id stocking has weetart
	layer_6: i' sooneciev dane my worstid stocking te sweetart
	layer_8: i soon asseyove daned my worstid stocking th sweet hart
	layer_10: i soon aseye daned my worstid stocking th sweet heart
	layer_12: i soon ase daned my worstid stocking the sweet heart

file: 1255-74899-0021.flac
expected: i can do that too
	layer_2: i can dot ha to
	layer_4: i contothat to
	layer_6: i con dothat to
	layer_8: i can doth hat too
	layer_10: i can do ththat too
	layer_12: i can do that too

file: 1255-74899-0022.flac
expected: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_2: andnoe llsiptoun e riteletstamilrd
	layer_4: and ow il sitdan  rigte letti to my lod
	layer_6: and now i'l sipedon a riale letter o my lord
	layer_8: and now i'll sit down and wri a letter to my lord
	layer_10: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_12: and now i'll sit down and wite a letter to my lord

file: 1255-90413-0000.flac
expected: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_2: she drars clocse andet sat is fis
	layer_4: she drast close and a sat is fies
	layer_6: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_8: she draws close and satisfise
	layer_10: she draws close and satisfis
	layer_12: she draws close and satisfies

file: 1255-90413-0001.flac
expected: he could not forget missus pine avon's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_2: he coul not foget mish his pinaveens iys ther heouremembut nothing of her othuf fachual detels
	layer_4: he could not forget missis pinave en's ees thert he remembut a nothing of her other facial detels
	layer_6: he could not forget missus pin aven's eyes thae he remembe anothing of her other facial detels
	layer_8: he could not forget missus pinaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_10: he could not forget missus pinaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other fatial details
	layer_12: he could not forget missus pinaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other fatal details

file: 1255-90413-0002.flac
expected: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_2: aft wad sthey cpt apaut awarl in the dring rom forform sak but ofv entoula grovetateid stogevher rgain and finish the eveming ine ch aothers compiny
	layer_4: afto wud s they kept a part awil in the droing rom for form sak but aventhouli grevitatid s togevher gayne and finishe the evening inech other's compeny
	layer_6: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the droing room for form sake but of entulygravitateds to gether again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_8: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form sake but eventually gravitateds together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_10: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_12: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company

file: 1255-90413-0003.flac
expected: but this was not all
	layer_2: but his was not al
	layer_4: but this was nod al
	layer_6: buthis was not all
	layer_8: but this was not all
	layer_10: but this was not all
	layer_12: but this was not all

file: 1255-90413-0004.flac
expected: but was he able
	layer_2: but osh able
	layer_4: but woasi able
	layer_6: but was he able
	layer_8: but was he able
	layer_10: but was he able
	layer_12: but was he able

file: 1255-90413-0005.flac
expected: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_2: it was onefar togie ferthet with it tiling hr eveentho ithe to such expisides a not bn apsido cledemanded
	layer_4: it was on far togove ferther without telning her even tho i the to such expisitess ad not ben apsidecly demanded
	layer_6: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though ither two such expicitness had not been absiluctely demanded
	layer_8: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explisiteness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_10: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such expliciteness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_12: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded

file: 1255-90413-0006.flac
expected: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_2: he do tamentete colime titly on the ne in conation
	layer_4: he detrmente to calimeatily on the new inconation
	layer_6: he determent to call imegitly on the knew incarnnation
	layer_8: he determineded to call immegietely on the new incirnation
	layer_10: he determined to call immediately on the new incairnation
	layer_12: he determined to call immediately on the new incirnation

file: 1255-90413-0007.flac
expected: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_2: hoe iv not far from the laong fashnable hamtanshe squar and he went thr ther withexpectations of having oa hity amotional tim at leaset
	layer_4: she l ived not far from the long fasinable hamptan shursquare and he went the there with expectations of having a higly amotional time atlest
	layer_6: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptaoncioue square and he went thether with expectations of having a highly amotional time at least
	layer_8: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonthu square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_10: she lived not far from the long fashionable hampton sha square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_12: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshau square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least

file: 1255-90413-0008.flac
expected: but somehow the very bell pull seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_2: but some ow the vat y belpl seem co o ther she had s er undsthey ast imf to com
	layer_4: but some how the vaty belpl seem col or theyt she had ser rnstlhey ast im to com
	layer_6: but some how the vedy bellpul seemed col al tho she had sir eanestly ase him to come
	layer_8: but somehow the verry bellpol seemed cold although she had so earnestly askedhim to come
	layer_10: but somehow the very bellpool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_12: but somehow the very bellpool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come

file: 1255-90413-0009.flac
expected: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in the chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_2: reas ing her ies an e sitlhy in qaring an offrom the bok she has reating shel denta back in hear chr as ife soking haselfin lux seorthurs sencations which ad nothing to do with him and replide do his greating with e f coenmplayce wrds
	layer_4: rasing her es an a sligtely inquaring man o rom the bok she was reeding she lent back in har chare as if soking hers self hin lucx eordiurs sensations which had nothing to do with him and replidedto his greating with a few comem place words
	layer_6: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring mane from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soking herself in luxyourious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few common place words
	layer_8: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring maner from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_10: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxourious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_12: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words

file: 1255-90413-0010.flac
expected: just as they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_2: jushe sthea trn a derr in tepor to d the space of a single night sae thisod asd bentakon an doctrdan tritit abortam brort it rs ar n popit r dity indetd
	layer_4: jus thes they turn wa deary in topourton the space f a single night sai this old ar as bentaken and doctorden tristed aboutam brought iut as ar new popila dity ind ed
	layer_6: justas they turm madeare into port in the space of a single night sa this old r has been taken and docterd an tristed about am brouht outas a new populadity inded
	layer_8: just as they turn madeara intorport in the space of a single night say this old air has been taken and doctord and tristed about and brought out as a new popular diy indeed
	layer_10: just as they turn madera intor port in the space of a single knight say this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular dity indeed
	layer_12: just as they turn madera intor port in the space of a single knight say this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed

file: 1255-90413-0011.flac
expected: she thawed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_2: she thod ulitle and tan ther wan taon to tok aborther hose which a be nu depended and deccrated with greanishe brlo satinnupto the hightof e pessens eid and arange wen that someort im prove ter spittly faded thes til prity face am as helpd by the ornings ever the windors
	layer_4: she thourd alittle and then they went on to tok abo t her hose which a be newlypanted and decrated with greanish bluwse satin up to the heighte of ar persence ead and arangemene that someort himproved ter slightly faded theog s til prity face ad as hebped by the ornings ever the windors
	layer_6: she thourhed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which a bee newlypainted and decorated with greenish bluwse sat in up to the height of a person'e ed and arongement that somewat improved her slightly faded thou' still pretty face and mas helped by the ornings over the windows
	layer_8: she thoughd a little and then they went on to talk about her house whichad been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue sat in up to the height of a person's ed an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded thogh still pretty face and was helped by the owrnings over the windows
	layer_10: she thoughed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's hed an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the oawnings over the windows
	layer_12: she thoughed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's hed an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows

file: 1255-90413-0012.flac
expected: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_2: he r sihave had my hou soemirs chubsevet complacently ait o likeu bet r iveryar
	layer_4: he s s have had my hos some yrs shibsrved complacently and i likeoud bet er ever ar
	layer_6: hees s i ave had my hous some yars sh ebserved complacently and i like i better every yar
	layer_8: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_10: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_12: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year

file: 1255-90413-0013.flac
expected: don't you feel lonely in it sometimes o never
	layer_2: den tyu ild ly nin it sometams o nevr
	layer_4: dene you fel lenein it some times o never
	layer_6: don' you feld leveni in it sometimes o never
	layer_8: don't you feel lene in it sometimes oh never
	layer_10: don't you feel levnian it sometimes oh never
	layer_12: don't you feel levnian it sometimes oh never

file: 1255-90413-0014.flac
expected: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_2: hrt a on sivele ting to say she merbit ins uppris
	layer_4: at an on sivl thing to say she morbit ins apprice
	layer_6: what an uncivil thing to say she murbed in surprise
	layer_8: what an uncivil thing to say she murbured in surprise
	layer_10: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_12: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise

file: 1255-90413-0015.flac
expected: it is rather uncivil
	layer_2: it is rove eronsivle
	layer_4: it is rov hr nsivl
	layer_6: it is ravher unsivial
	layer_8: it is rather uncivil
	layer_10: it is rather uncivil
	layer_12: it is rather uncivil

file: 1255-90413-0016.flac
expected: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_2: as upponishmont she didnotd ring the bel b ut theftint fint his wy artos he cood
	layer_4: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but tevt intofind his way arct as he cood
	layer_6: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left into find his way out as he could
	layer_8: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to findt his way out as he could
	layer_10: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_12: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could

file: 1255-90413-0017.flac
expected: i saw him at lady channelcliffe's the other night
	layer_2: hi srhmeat late chonlclife seolthe ight
	layer_4: i so him at latdy chonotlife seothe night
	layer_6: i swow him at lady chunol lifse o ther night
	layer_8: i saw him at lady chunnelifshe other night
	layer_10: i saw him at lady chennel clifste other night
	layer_12: i saw him at lady chennel clifsthe other night

file: 1255-90413-0018.flac
expected: jocelyn pierston
	layer_2: josi inprston
	layer_4: joselinprstim
	layer_6: jocel impieerstom
	layer_8: josilin prstom
	layer_10: josilin peerstom
	layer_12: josilin perstom

file: 1255-90413-0019.flac
expected: o didn't he marry her
	layer_2: o didte mari ha
	layer_4: o didnty marryher
	layer_6: oh didn't e marryher
	layer_8: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_10: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_12: oh didn't he marry her

file: 1255-90413-0020.flac
expected: said missus pine avon with a start
	layer_2: seid mis i pinaeven withe start
	layer_4: sat misid pinaverem with a start
	layer_6: said misu pin oven with ha start
	layer_8: said missus pyne oen with a start
	layer_10: said missus pinaven with a start
	layer_12: said missus pinaven with a start

file: 1255-90413-0021.flac
expected: but jocelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_2: bhut joslim mas wreceding from the prity wid es hose with lon strits
	layer_4: but justlim as wreceding from the prity wuld as hose with long strides
	layer_6: but jostlim as wreceeding from the prety wud as hus with long strides
	layer_8: but jos lim was receeding from the pretty wides huse with long strides
	layer_10: but josslim was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_12: but josslim was receeding from the pretty widow's house with long strides

file: 1255-90413-0022.flac
expected: lady iris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shown in there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine avon
	layer_2: thertey ari suld left the drine om fromomento to se thit ae was riht in the diningrom a en he bhas shorn hin the rs toud a lone in the lamblight niculupinaveemn
	layer_4: ledy aris sud lefto the drine rom fromoment to see that arl was right in the dining rm ad mon he ws shurn iin thers tod a lon in the lamblight necullupinaveem
	layer_6: ladyaris had left the groin oom fro oment  to see that al was right in the dining room andwhen he was shuniin thers tod alone in the lamblight nichole a poin aven
	layer_8: lady aris had left the drawing room fra moment to see that ll was right in the dining room and when he was shenian there stod alone in the lamblight nicholapine aven
	layer_10: lady arris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was coniin there stood alone in the lamp light nicholapine aven
	layer_12: lady arris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was chuniin there stood alone in the lamplight nicolapine aven

file: 1255-90413-0023.flac
expected: she had been the first arrival
	layer_2: she had been the ferstarrivle
	layer_4: she had been the fers a rivel
	layer_6: she had been the first a rivale
	layer_8: she had been the first arrival
	layer_10: she had been the first arrival
	layer_12: she had been the first arrival

file: 1255-90413-0024.flac
expected: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_2: as e ovthe ges strope tin the prretreted into a shadty corner and she toketd besid him tilt al move d of for the eting an grinking
	layer_4: as e othe gests tropdin the par retreeated into a shady corne and she tolked beciede him til al moved of for the eating and drinking
	layer_6: as he other gests droped in the pair retreated into a shady coner and she talked besie him til all moved of for the eating and drinking
	layer_8: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_10: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_12: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking

file: 1255-90413-0025.flac
expected: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_2: he ad not ben apindet to tacar crosto the diningm but of the table fionter hexactly hoparsit
	layer_4: he had not ben appointedt to takur acrosto the dining rm but o the table fanther exactly opercit
	layer_6: he had not ben appointed to take her accros o the dining room but af the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_8: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but af the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_10: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_12: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite

file: 1255-90413-0026.flac
expected: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_2: the spreing in the presnt case was e or tistic comandation she diserved and craved
	layer_4: the spring in the present cace was the artistic comandation  she desrved and craved
	layer_6: the spring in the present case was the artistic commondation  she deserved and craved
	layer_8: the spring in the present case was the artistic commondation  she deserved and craved
	layer_10: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation  she deserved and craved
	layer_12: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved

file: 1255-90413-0027.flac
expected: the lady on jocelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_2: the eidhy on dosnin's let whife of e lor do just is of of apel was in like manur toking to herc ompanin on the rtorsid ser that for the tinm he was lef to to himself
	layer_4: the ledy on dostnin's left whife of a lordto justis of of a pel was in like manar toking to hercompan in on the outerside so that for the tin he was lef to to himself
	layer_6: the lady on jostonin's left wife of a lor da justis of of a peal was in like manner talking to hercom panin on the outerside so that for the time he was lefte to himself
	layer_8: the lady on josenin's left wife of a lord justice of of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_10: the lady on jossinin's left wife of a lord justice of of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_12: the lady on jossnin's left wife of a lord justice of of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself

file: 1255-90413-0028.flac
expected: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommend as candidate for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_2: it came foro tha wyef of one of his far thas flm e wokmen and masconcserning hea son hom she beaed joslentrec amand as candetits foursome pose t intan the he wished himeto fil
	layer_4: it came from the wie f of wone of his farthas folrma workmon and was consernning heas son whom she bagd justlen torecamand as candedits for some posd in ton that she wished himp to fill
	layer_6: it came from the wife or one of his fathers forma workman and was concernning her son whom she beged justlin te recomand as canded its for some post in ton that she wished him to fill
	layer_8: it came from the wife of one of his father's formr workman and was concerning her son whom she beged joslin to recommend as candidits for some post in turn that she wished him to fill
	layer_10: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and was concerning her son whom she begged josline to recommend rs candidates for some post in tarn that she wished him to fill
	layer_12: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joseline to recommend as candidates for some post in tan that she wished him to fill

file: 1585-131718-0000.flac
expected: what is necessary to the completeness of the story at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of threads woven in and follow them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of events can be seen
	layer_2: what is nes siray to the complenuss of the sday at bhistage is not tary cappethoait but o ta rupsome of the lose ans of th thrace whl we ning and follrd than thro and ti the clere and comprehencs tef pictur of tevrns canby sag
	layer_4: what is ness serad to the compleeness of the star at thi stache is not toary capped ho ligt buto takek upsome of the lose ands of he thrants wholven naing and folloed than throo andto the clear and comperehence the picture of thevans can be sa
	layer_6: what is necescerae to the compleness of the stary at this dage is not to re capiet o lahte but to take up some of the loose ands of the thrancs whover ning and followed than throug unti the clear and comprehense the picture of the vencs can be seene
	layer_8: what is necessaraye to the compleness of the storry at this stage is not to rea capit late but to take up some of the loose ands of the thrats whevernane and followed them throug until the clear and comprehense the picture of the vents can be seen
	layer_10: what is necessary to the completese of the storry at this stage is not to rea capitlate but to take up some of the loose ends of th threts woverknin and followed them through until the clear and comprehensiie picture of thevents can be seen
	layer_12: what is necessary to the completescs of the storry at this stage is not to read capitolate but to take up some of the loose ends of thethrets wover nan and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen

file: 1585-131718-0001.flac
expected: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_2: the wary l thy ventor hys hard
	layer_4: the wayl tly venter his heard
	layer_6: the way ofthyng venter his hard
	layer_8: the waot  venter is hard
	layer_10: the wa the nventer is hard
	layer_12: the wao the inventer is hard

file: 1585-131718-0002.flac
expected: he can sometimes raise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a distressful cost of personal surrender
	layer_2: he can sometims wres capbildoe to hauphim the working at his croddcosptions bard ein the than it is fricay dan at ed hisfress fa cahd u persomusarander
	layer_4: econsometimes reis cabito to howp him the working out his crode consaptionc bud en we then it is frecuny dun at et isress fo coshet a persimoserander
	layer_6: he con sometimes res cabpitie to help him the working out his cruwd conseptions but in then it is frequnly done at a istressfo cost a persomocarander
	layer_8: he can sometimes wres capitiv to help him the working out his crude conceptions but ev then it is frequently done at a distress fu cost a persono serander
	layer_10: he can sometimes reeis capito to help him ti working out his crude conceptions but evn then it is frequently done at a distress vacost a personal serander
	layer_12: he can sometimes reis capitav to help him ti working out his crude conceptions but eve then it is frequently done at a distress vacost a personal serander

file: 1585-131718-0003.flac
expected: when the result is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of material or of effort and then labor often awaits with crushing and tyrannical spirit to smash the apparatus or forbid its very use
	layer_2: whe the wasowt is a heve the vensio mex a itxs the par on the scor of e conmy on menteari au of efford and then lay er len awaids with crussing anto ranycuaspirit di smeshd they appotes offoer brtis var us
	layer_4: wen ter esout is a chieve the vensiimex its the parl on the scor of e conimy omateari ou of afferd and then lay oereof en awaites with crussing an to ranycuoas spirit di smashd the ppodes of fer bit is verus
	layer_6: when the resout is arechieved the iventiamixs its the paile on the schore of economy ao matori ou of effoered and then laber oen awaites with crushing anto ranicoaspirite dismashed the appaadis of herbitis very use
	layer_8: when the resout is achiefed the iventiomixs its hepail on the schore of eonomy o matieoria o off effort and then labure of enweits with crushing anteranicos spirit dismashed the apaatis of fhorbid ets vary use
	layer_10: when the resout is achieved the eventor mix its appal on the score of economy o matyri o of efford and then laber often weites with crushing and teranicol spirit dismached the apadis of forbid is vary use
	layer_12: when the resout is achieved the eventor mix its appal on the score of economy o matyoria o of efford and then labor ofen awaits with crushing and tyranicol spirit dismached the apaadas of forbid is vary use

file: 1585-131718-0004.flac
expected: possibly our national optimism as revealed in invention the seeking a higher good needs some check
	layer_2: pas bolly aranasion o otisom as weveuding the vention the seking bhe higet net some chack
	layer_4: posbilly ar anation a otesom as weveauding the vention the seeking te hiagod net some chack
	layer_6: possbilly ore enation o optism as wevuting the ventiom the seaking be higha good net some chack
	layer_8: possibilly ouri nationa optism as wrevewding the vention the seeking bhehigha good n et some chack
	layer_10: possiblly our national optism as reviewding the vention the seeking bhe higha good let some chack
	layer_12: possiblly our national optism as revieweding the vencion the seeking bhe high a good let some chack

file: 1585-131718-0005.flac
expected: possibly the leaders would travel too fast and too far on the road to perfection if conservatism did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession move forward as a whole
	layer_2: pasivily the litrs wel traod two fast an twoe fare on the wro tof hrfaction  vfe cons ef vidisen dinot als o plate iluderypart ing incisting tea the percestion of foreed aso ho
	layer_4: posibveliy the litas woul trabere two fast and two far on the roa tof frefaction ive consof vitisom dinot ouse of plates solud orypart in insisting that the percessiom o forid assa ho
	layer_6: posivally the littus would traba two fast nd two far on thei roate of frfection ve consoviticom dinot also plates solutary part aninsisting that the procession o forwad as aho
	layer_8: posibilly the litdus would travel too fast n too far on the roate of rfection if consevidisem did not also playte saludary part ininsisting that the procession moe forward asaho
	layer_10: possibly the littus would travel too fast and too far on the road of perfection if consevitisen did not also playt seludary part in insisting that the procession moved forward asaho
	layer_12: possibly the littus would travel too fast and too far on thei road o perfection if consevitisen did not also playts selutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward asaho

file: 1585-131718-0006.flac
expected: on the contrary the conditions for its acceptance had been ripening fast
	layer_2: on contery the conditioncs fort eseptions hat be rat ohfast
	layer_4: on e contery the condertions forath afseptins ha beg rugt onn fast
	layer_6: one consary the conditions forith afsseptions havd bing rgten fast
	layer_8: on he concary the condertions forith esceptions have beeng wrightengd fast
	layer_10: on th contrary the condertions forith ecxceptions have been rightengd fast
	layer_12: on the contrary the condetions for ith exceptions have been rightend fast

file: 1585-131718-0007.flac
expected: yet the very vogue of the electric arc light made harder the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_2: yas the verrybo go of they lu threc ardligt mad harrt the yourrib ofthe ingcondessend
	layer_4: yadt the very bogo of they lat threc ardlight mat haror the urribe of the incondesstend
	layer_6: yet the very boger of the latrick ardlight made hardr the arrible of the incondestend
	layer_8: yet the very bogr of the latric artligt made harer o the arribal of the incondesstoned
	layer_10: yet the very vogr of the electric art liht made harder the arrival of the incondesstent
	layer_12: yet the very vogr of the elatric artlit made harder fthe arrival of the incondesstent

file: 1585-131718-0008.flac
expected: a number of parent arc lighting companies were in existence and a great many local companies had been called into being under franchises for commercial business and to execute regular city contracts for street lighting
	layer_2: an nunber o pharand arklinen compons or a in incistens and a greademany lokacomes habing cad intifping onde fren shise for commer shoa busness ntwhexectut ralas sity countrecs for stret line
	layer_4: anumber  pharet arklinin companes were a ing incistanc and a greadimany loke acom iss habin cid intoping unde frenshice for comer shoul bisiness antexcectut raglasidi countracs forn street ligne
	layer_6: a number of parant arclineing compannce were a in insistence and a great many locacomnis hadbeeng ciled into bin under frendchise for commer shol bisiness an o exactute ragulacitic contracs frn streat lining
	layer_8: a number of parent arclining companice where a ininistence and a great many localccomonis had been cailed into bin under frenshis for commersl business and to exacute ragulacitic contracts forth street lining
	layer_10: a number of parent arclining companis were a in inxistence and a great many local componis had been cawled into bn under frenchis for commercial business and to exactute ragulacitic contracts fror the street lining
	layer_12: a number of parent arclining companis were a in ixistence and a great many local componis had been called into ben under frenchis for commercial business and to exatute ragulacitic contracts fror he street lining

file: 1585-131718-0009.flac
expected: thus in a curious manner the modern art of electric lighting was in a very true sense divided against itself with intense rivalries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurred in a field where ultimate union of forces was inevitable
	layer_2: thaus an the cerise mener the mo knaord of r lact tre line was in of variags sans evead adgans es self with intos reverriys andjallises which wer  non lthelas re hecos they were but tumpory ande curdingth fut whr otma euning  the fors wrs in aptibl
	layer_4: thes and the ceares mener the mo nard of lat trelinin was ing o verigeo sance evidd agancs is self with intunce reveries and jalices which werea non the las real thecost they were but tempery andocurding fout where utimat uning of the forse wers in aptabl
	layer_6: thus and the cearos manred the mornard of elactrelining wasing a verage wo sence evidet agains hisself with intonce rebries and jelices which were non the las reale thecaose they were bu tempary and eccurding thout where uttmat uning of the force wers inaptabl
	layer_8: thus and the ceuroes manered the manard of elactory ligning wasing a veryge too sense devided against his self with intas revaries and jealouses which were none theless real because they were but tempoary and occudingfot where utimate uning of the force wars inaptible
	layer_10: thus and the curius mannere the marnard of e lactory lighning was en a very tro sense divided against hitself with intince reveries and jealouses which were none the less real because they were but temprary and occurrding tthout where altimate euning of the force was inaptible
	layer_12: thus and the curius manner the marnard of e latory lighting was in a very tro sense rivided against hitself with intance reveries and jealouses which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurrding tithout where altimate euning of the force was inapitible

file: 1585-131718-0010.flac
expected: hence twenty years after the first edison stations were established the methods they involved could be fairly credited with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_2: hans tlny ars afto the firset atisinstatin werestaplishd the mat therd s thay ing vaved could be faly cratet with nolesthan six i seven prsend
	layer_4: hans tweny ers afte the frset atisinstation were staplished the matherds they in voved could be failly creutet with know lestan sixte seven prosend
	layer_6: hands twenty ears after the first aticenstatin were staplished the matthirds ty invoved could be failycrud it with no lestan sixty seven presentd
	layer_8: hence twenty years after the first aicna station werestaplished the matthords tey involved could be failly creded with no les thane sixty seven pre sent
	layer_10: hence twenty years after the first advicen station werestablished the methords they involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven persent
	layer_12: hence twenty years after the first avicen station were established the mathords they involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven persent

file: 1585-131718-0011.flac
expected: it will be readily understood that under these conditions the modern lighting company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dynamo electric machinery as a source of current and that the old feud as between the rival systems has died out
	layer_2: il be radly inas sto thad indo theys conditions the mard lining hom e suplise tho wids custommeast bouth ingcondosened and arglinei foreakcanly from the same dnnaml i lutrak mi shenery asas sers of carind and that the oe fd asbed ton the ry was istons hastidat
	layer_4: it il be radly an isto thad ander thes conditions the mad lining hom mys supplise to wids custemmerst bouth engandusend and arclining freqcenly from the same dy nammle  iluc trak mahenary astos surs of carend and thou the o fed aspbeton the ry was istence hasd ied at
	layer_6: itwill be redly ammest  that ander these conditions the mordlining humpy supplised o its custommrest bout incandusened and arclining frequenly from the same dnama electrik machinery assk his surse of carrend and thout the od foud ask betuenlhe riv as istance hastdied at
	layer_8: it will be redly unmerstod that ander these conditions the mode lignting compy supplisd to its customrs both incondusened and arclining frequently from the same dinamo  electrick machinery as as surs of carrent and tha the od foud ask beten the rivls ystamce has died at
	layer_10: it will be redily understood that uunder these conditions the moder ligning company supplies to its customeorst both incondusent and arc lining frequently from the same dinama  electric machinery asa sours of current and that the ofood ask beten the rivbele sistamce has  died at
	layer_12: it will be redily understood that under these conditions the moderligning company supplies to its customorst both incondecent and arclining frequently from the same dinamal  electric machinery as a sors of current and that the o food as betin the rivele sistamce has died at

file: 1585-131718-0012.flac
expected: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have been chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great edison lighting companies in the leading cities
	layer_2: intfat forsmey oas past there rhatid encs of thet necthionoly latric lit ersoshation happeng choson oal mos ix csifly forom ermon the managres hof the gread aarson linin cobtes in he ldein sidis
	layer_4: in thact for some yer's past ther rhusidence of that nathionow eu lattric lighto soshiatiom happing shoson oall mos eix cluoseifly forom amon the manatres hof the grade autsin linin comptes in he latin sidis
	layer_6: infhact for some years pastd ther rhuidence of the natonoilatric lighe asociation happing chosen omost exclusivflly for mamon the manars of the great atsen linding compnancs in the latden cidics
	layer_8: in fact for some years passed ther rhesidents of the natin eletric light association happing chosen almost exclusively for mamon the managers of the great adisen liningcompanec in the liden citice
	layer_10: in fact for some years passed the presidente of the national electric lihd association hapbin chosen amost exclusively for am among the managers of the great addisen liningcompananse in the laden citice
	layer_12: in fact for some years passed the presidents of the national electric light association hapbing chosen amost exclusively for am among the managers of the great addisen liningcompanance in the ladin citice

file: 1585-131718-0013.flac
expected: the other strong opposition to the incandescent light came from the gas industry
	layer_2: the otheist raon abrsition to the ingcondeseligd came from le gas indisro
	layer_4: the outhi stron obrsition to the eincondessilide came from thegas indisre
	layer_6: the outer strong obrsition to the incondecinlight came from the gas indesre
	layer_8: the outher strong opposition to the incondesilight came from the gas indesroew
	layer_10: the outer strong opposition to the incondeseliht came from the gas indusrew
	layer_12: the outer strong opposition to the incondesilit came from the gas indusrew

file: 1585-131718-0014.flac
expected: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_2: ther ousod the most peittrafulling was shonm
	layer_4: there oso the most peaterfeling was shom
	layer_6: there also the most peter feeling was shom
	layer_8: here also the most peter feeling was shom
	layer_10: they're also the most peterfeeling was shom
	layer_12: they're also the most peterfeeling was shom

file: 1585-131718-0015.flac
expected: the gas manager did not like the arc light but it interfered only with his street service which was not his largest source of income by any means
	layer_2: the gas manage di no like arclit bd a intoferd anly with histreet siris whrd sworose not his lar do surs of ing comby animins
	layer_4: the gasmenaged in no like arclihde bud a into ferd only with his treet servos wherd sworse not hise lar de surse of income by anymings
	layer_6: the gasmanagadi not like arclied but a inteferd only with his treet service whershweres not hislareda sourceife income by anymings
	layer_8: the gasmanagea did not like aurclied but a interfered only with his treet service wher weres not his lard assourceof income by anymangs
	layer_10: the gasmanager did not like arclit but i interfered only with his street service which wars not his lardas source of income by anymans
	layer_12: the gasmanager did not like arclid but it interferred only with his street service which was not his lardas source of income by any means

file: 1585-131718-0016.flac
expected: here again was given a most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for its enemies
	layer_2: hragan wis eveen the mosed covingsing d em hstration of the twt that suchon adirtion to the re soerses of min cined a was cerris withit anse aspacpedbonirfets ven forys anamiss
	layer_4: he reagan wrasgeven the moset comvingsing demastration of the truo that suchon adition to the re surses of main cind a was caris with at unsuspacnmed banefits eaivenfor is animiss
	layer_6: here again waskgeveen the most convingsing demistration of the true that such anadition to the ressorses of man kind oa was carris with it unsuspac med banefots even for is animis
	layer_8: here again was givin the most convingzsing demistration of the trut that such an adition to the resources of mankind alwas carres with it unsuspacted banefits even for his animis
	layer_10: here again was given the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resourses of mankind always carrius with it unsuspected benefits even for his animist
	layer_12: here again was given the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind alwas carris with it unsuspected benefits even for his animist

file: 1585-131718-0017.flac
expected: this was not long nor universally the spirit shown and to day in hundreds of cities the electric and gas properties are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_2: this was nou lon not younorsly thespirdi shon anto day hi handers of sits the lactlak an gas provers ar you nidit un er that ane marmisment whichtes not find it ingpasible to pith ing the frenly amprogresa way the you sove both e lominence
	layer_4: this was nout lon not you norsly the sperti shon and to day i handers of sidist they lactrak and gas provors ar you nid at ounder that one mamishment whichdest not find it ing possible to piush ing the frendly im progresiway the u s of both e luminence
	layer_6: this was not lon not unorsilly the spireti shom and to day a hunders of sidict they lactrakan gast provirse ar yu nihd it under that one mamashment which des not find it inpossibl to pish ing the friendly am prgressinway the use of both eluminence
	layer_8: this was not lang no unorosaly the spirtis shone and to day a hundrs of citis they lectrakand gastprovice are unidet under that one manashment which does not find it impossible to push ing the friendliyam progressive way the use of both illuminance
	layer_10: this was not long no unorsally the spiriti shone and to day a hundreds of citis the lectrackand gas provircs are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to push in the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminantce
	layer_12: this was not long no unorosally the spiritit shone and to day a hundreds of citis the lactrikand gas provircs are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to puish in the friendly and progressive way the use of both iluminants

file: 1585-131718-0018.flac
expected: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_2: hie mostd concsbeer was usampo theis iedany of intrust is kveanling u yoro te self
	layer_4: e moset conspegiue was ousam pof thise i danty of entrest is giveenting ew your goself
	layer_6: the most conspiager was gesamp of thise idany of interest is given ting new your geself
	layer_8: the most conspigurous eamp of this idanty of interest is given thi new yorkiself
	layer_10: the most conspicuuous eampe of this identy of interest is given ti new york atself
	layer_12: the most conspicuous eampe of this identy of interest is given ti new york itself

file: 1585-131718-0019.flac
expected: so much for the early opposition of which there was plenty
	layer_2: so much for the ally abisition of whichs theawerpplendy
	layer_4: so much for the elly obosition of which theyr wereps plendy
	layer_6: so much for the erly obosition of which theyre werp'splendy
	layer_8: so much for the early opbposition of which theyire worbs plenty
	layer_10: so much for the early opposition of which they are worth's plenty
	layer_12: so much for the early opposition of which theyare worts plenty

file: 1585-131718-0020.flac
expected: but it may be questioned whether inertia is not equally to be dreaded with active ill will
	layer_2: ba e ma be usstiond whit thear in arsiurs nont ecalitof be drat et wuth act of oul
	layer_4: ba a ma be uesiont whe thear inercurs not ecalliy to bedratet with act of o wol
	layer_6: bu i may be questiond whether in earsers not equally to be drautid with actif ewill
	layer_8: but i may be questioned whether in earchers not equally to be draed with active ewill
	layer_10: but it may be questioned whether in ercears not equally to be draed with act ife o will
	layer_12: but it may be questioned whether in ercyars not equally to be dradded with act ife i will

file: 1585-131718-0021.flac
expected: of course a great many accounts were written and read but while genuine interest was aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_2: of cursed a graymany counse wr wedin and rad but wwilchaunou intfruspas arouset it was nsar serely iptadik
	layer_4: of corstd a greamany councewer reden and rad but wiwa an intrispres arouset it was nesas seriely ipthatigc
	layer_6: of course a grea many couns were raden and wrad but why janywr interispras arroused it was nezessarily apthatic
	layer_8: of course a greay many counts were readen and ra but why janie war interesperts aroused it was necessariyly apathatic
	layer_10: of course a great man y acounts were reaten and rad but why jany were interestwrs aroused it was necessarily a pthetic
	layer_12: of course a great many acounts were reaten and rad but why jany wer interest wers aroused it was necessarily a pathetic

file: 1585-131718-0022.flac
expected: we got it at a great bargain and only paid a small sum down and the balance on mortgage
	layer_2: we gat ed othe gree parken and onle patssmore som dim an the bals t om wat ogach
	layer_4: wa got ad ao the gree barkon and only patesmore some dam an the ballise t om watagage
	layer_6: what got at a the gree barkon and only patus more some dam and the ballastin watogace
	layer_8: what god at at the gree barkin and only patus more somdam and the balaston wadrgae
	layer_10: what god ad at the gree barkin and only pad us more sum dam an the balacton wadergae
	layer_12: what god ad at the greek barkin and only pad us more sum dam an the baliston wadergate

file: 1585-131718-0023.flac
expected: we sold them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_2: we seldthem forforiystence bu they r were ally bo toony with thorrhysoausnds of them
	layer_4: we sel them for foriysence buthey a were ally bo toany ith thirisousins of them
	layer_6: wis sow them for forecence bo they e were only bot tenny woih thiys tousans of them
	layer_8: wah selwf them for four ectens but theyr were only bout twenty r thory thousands of them
	layer_10: wud sell them for for istents but the were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them
	layer_12: woud sell them for for istents but ther were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them

file: 1585-131718-0024.flac
expected: the fourth year i got it down to thirty seven cents and i made all the money up in one year that i had lost previously
	layer_2: the fort thyari goeduntwithothiseven sans ant am mit ar the mony at in on year thet a hal as prey wisly
	layer_4: the fort th year i gotodun toi thouty sevem sans and ad mat a the mon y apt in wone year that i helas preavasly
	layer_6: the fortear i gode doneswr thougty seven sands and amade all the money ap in one year that i halastd prvously
	layer_8: the fourth year i go i one tor thorty seven sands and imade all the money aped in one year that i haloped prevously
	layer_10: the fourth year i got idon to thurty seven sams and i made all the money apt in one year that i had lostd previously
	layer_12: the fourth year i got idon to thorty seven sens and i made all the money apt in one year that i had loset previously

file: 1585-131718-0025.flac
expected: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_2: wennof the ingsidence whichs cot overy grad cheapening wors tat when weasdardet wone of th inporne pro sesses hat to bedom by axprts
	layer_4: hene no the ingsidence whichs cout avery gra shepening wrs dat when we sedartet wene of the imporn prosesses hat  be dom by axprts
	layer_6: ene of the incidence which cout a very great cheepening wars that when we sdardit whene of the importin prucesses hadto be don by axperts
	layer_8: one of the incidents which cauet a very great sheepening was that when we started one of the important prucesses had o be done by axpurts
	layer_10: one of the incidents which caust a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important precesses had to be done by axperts
	layer_12: one of the incidents which caust a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important precesses had to be done by axperts

file: 1585-131718-0026.flac
expected: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it
	layer_2: at a felling aram for sme dase i got aclowe hou oe doit
	layer_4: afeto feling aroum for some dace i got aclo  howd oe do id
	layer_6: after feeling arom for som days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_8: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_10: after feeling around for some days i got a cle how to do it
	layer_12: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it

file: 1585-131718-0027.flac
expected: i then made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_2: a then made an o the meshaing which ti the worad nicely
	layer_4: at then made and o the mashing which di the wored nisely
	layer_6: a then made and other mashing wich de the word nicely
	layer_8: a them made an other maching which did the wordd nicely
	layer_10: a then made another machine which did the word nicely
	layer_12: a then made another machine which did the word nicely

file: 1585-131718-0028.flac
expected: incidentally it may be noted as illustrative of the problems brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison an importer in the chinese trade went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hand power
	layer_2: ansadenly ema be bouiid asianlos tradof of the cron proutwatisnthat  he had the fact tret at horsin and em poring ha chindias wreader wentwoe ha mence ondet a dnaimo to be ron by han por
	layer_4: eincar denly i ma be touiet asolews tradof of the prown prout tow hatisn that while he had the fac tryt at harisin and eim poring ta hinies wreeder wen to hamemench wandet a dinamord to be ron by hin por
	layer_6: insirdenly i may be neliet as lusetratif of the prown prout so adicen tat while he had the factoryt at harison and imporing the chines treader wen to hamenth wonded a dinamor to be ron by hind power
	layer_8: incidently it may be aliurd asluse trative of the prowdn brou to aisen that while he had the factory at harison and imporing the chines treater wen to hemenc wanted a dinamo to be run by hen power
	layer_10: incidently it may be beliard as lus trativ of the prown brought to eddison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese treater wen to hemanch wanted a dinaml to be run by henpower
	layer_12: incidently it may be delyad as luse trativ of the prowm brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese treater wen to hemanch wanted a dinamaol to be run by henpower

file: 1585-131718-0029.flac
expected: for making the dynamos edison secured as noted in the preceding chapter the roach iron works on goerck street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_2: frmacin tha dinim ws atisensacered ast nowi in the prsen chhabeder thet roch i worson go wor sreate nen yord and this was aswy quit
	layer_4: fro make in the dinimost aticens acured as knodte ing the prceinchabiter thet roch iin wor son go wor sreet new yourg and this wis oaswy quipt
	layer_6: for make n the dinamost adicence occured ask note in the prcitin chabetor tha roach i in worson go weor k sreet new york and this was alswe quipet
	layer_8: for makingthe dinamos adissense occured aske note in the prceing chabitor the roch ion wrson go work street new york and this was alswe quippe
	layer_10: for makingthe dinamos adison socured ask noda in the proceding chaptor the roach ironwrson go work street new york and this was alsow equipped
	layer_12: for making the dinamos adison socured as noda in the proceding chapetor the roach ionwerson go work street new york and this was also equipped

file: 1585-131718-0030.flac
expected: to sigmund bergmann who had worked previously with edison on telephone apparatus and phonographs and was already making edison specialties in a small way in a loft on wooster street new york was assigned the task of constructing sockets fixtures meters safety fuses and numerous other details
	layer_2: to sik mund  birt main who had gar pravisly with aison un sell of f on the paridisom foneae guras an was olred emaking adison spassiualitis mesmor wafein a loft on o strstryd e ort was a soilthed has of onstructin sockes tfixtrurs iters sifty fusis anumers other ead hus
	layer_4: to sick mond burt man who had gor privasly with aison unsell of on the paretisim fon agras an was olred i making aisomn spashllitis mesmore wafe ing e loght ong o sdirstreepe yw yord was a s inltethass of constrct in sockats fixtres miters sifty fuses anumerous other etous
	layer_6: to sickmond birkman who had were privoisly with atiscen uncellifron the partetisom fon agras and was olrede making aticem spaciallitis mas moreway ing la loghet ung louse tur streep new york was asin thethass of construcd in socs fixtures muters sifted fuses anumerous other theeat ous
	layer_8: to sickmnd birkman who had were prevously with adison untellefrom the paradisom pongras and was already making edisomn specialitis mas morea way ing aloft ung luseter street new york was a sn te tas of constructin sokkuts fixtures mutrs sifty fuses anumberous other tethouse
	layer_10: to sickmnd birgman who had werked previously with edison untele fom the parodism phonogras anne was already making edison specialitis mas mor way ing laloft ong loustur street new york was a sn te tas of constructing sokkits fixtures muters fifty fuses anumberous other detaouse
	layer_12: to sikmand burgman who had werked prevously with edison untelle fom the parodism phonogras ane was already making edison specialitis mas mor way inglaloft ong lustur street new york was a sin te tass of constructing sokcits fixtures muters sifty fuses numberous other detouse

file: 1585-131718-0031.flac
expected: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electric light company leased the old bishop mansion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fourteenth street for its headquarters and show rooms
	layer_2: an the ealy part of adinnady one the ateisan uluttre lid comly lastey od be shimution at sixty fif fiv aven closet o fording stret fors had qars and shorens
	layer_4: aind the erly pard of aiding ady one the atisent u lutry lighde comely laste od be shamasion at sixty fife fife evenm close to fording street for his had quarers and shoremcs
	layer_6: ain the early part of eighting aty one the adicent elaptryligt comply leaste yod be shamasion at sixty five fift avenem close to forting street for his had quaters and show rimcs
	layer_8: in the early part of eghtn eighty one the adizan elaptry lightcompany least a od bi chamasion at sixty five fift avenu close to fourting street for his had quarters and show rims
	layer_10: in the early part of eighten eighty one the adisan electri lihte company leastaodbi chamashan at sixty five fift avenue close to forting street for his hadquarters and showrims
	layer_12: in the early part of eighten eighty one the adisan electri ligte company lastaodbi chamashan at sixty five fift avenue close to forting street for his had quarters and showrims

file: 1585-131718-0032.flac
expected: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premonitory sign of the surrender of the famous residential avenue to commerce
	layer_2: this wors one of the fin is homt i thesily of thouparid and is acasition was a preemanend er sime of the sarander of the fame is reste shu evnoto commoars
	layer_4: this wor s one of the fine is homed in te cily of thout perid and is aclucsition was a premonint er sime of the serander of the fame is restenshuevne to commurse
	layer_6: this weres one of thefine is homed in the cily of that pared and is acuisition was a premornent wer sime of the surrander of the famous restan sho avinu to commerse
	layer_8: this weras one of the fineest homed in the ciy of that perid and is acquisition was a premonet wers sign of the surreander of the famous restin   avenue to com merse
	layer_10: this waras one of the fineest homed in the city of that perod and its aquisition was a premoneters sign of the surender of the famous restenso avenue to commerce
	layer_12: this waras one of the fineest homed in the city of that perid and its aquisition was a premoneters sign of the surender of the famous restanso avenue to commerce

file: 1585-131718-0033.flac
expected: the experience with the little gas engine was rather startling
	layer_2: thexpert withe lat orgas angi was war their stotling
	layer_4: thexpereset with hi late o gas angin was riye ther startling
	layer_6: thexperest with a latoe gas anging was fry their startling
	layer_8: the experianced with a lato gas anginge was fra ther startling
	layer_10: the xperiance with a lato gas angie was rather startling
	layer_12: the xperiance with a lato gas angin was frather startling

file: 1585-131718-0034.flac
expected: one day it was not going very well and i went down to the man in charge and got exploring around
	layer_2: ane d e wast nokt going very wow and a endun to the manin chrdgan gut ixs paring arant
	layer_4: one da oi wash not going very wow and a one dunt to the maning charage and god ex poring arant
	layer_6: one day it wash not going very wol and a one dunt to the mannin charge and god exporing arant
	layer_8: one day it was not going very wel and  one dune to the man im charge and god exporing araunt
	layer_10: one day it was not going very well and a one dumped to the man in charge in god exporing arant
	layer_12: one day it was not going very well and a one dumped to the man in charge and god exporing arant

file: 1585-131718-0035.flac
expected: for the next four or five years sixty five was a veritable beehive day and night
	layer_2: ount n exforl fife yur soxtefi was of verredbob be hife da an nigt
	layer_4: hut an ex foral five yuar sucx te fi was a verit abopbe hive dayg an night
	layer_6: het a nex forol five year sixtifi was a very t aboebe hife dag an night
	layer_8: tot te next for o five year sixty fie was a veryd abotbe hih day and night
	layer_10: for te next fouro five year sixty five was a verid abob hih day and night
	layer_12: for te next for o five year sixty five was a verid bo b hiv day and night

file: 1585-131718-0036.flac
expected: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter neglect of the clock
	layer_2: thet rodten was ory mucs the saime as that at the laberetory ing hits uttanaclit of he cark
	layer_4: thet retin was very much the same ast thaut at the labrtory ing its urtdenacklat of the clak
	layer_6: the rutin was very much the same asked that at the labrtary ing its urtenacolat of the clock
	layer_8: that rutin was very much the same ask that at the lbratary ing its arernacculit of the clock
	layer_10: that rutin was very much the same as that at the laboratory ing its arinaculite of the clock
	layer_12: that rutin was very much the same as that at the laboratory ing its artinaculite of the clock

file: 1585-131718-0037.flac
expected: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a cigar even if i locked them up in my desk they would break it open
	layer_2: iow s telling haghenti mo wone day that a cold not ke besecr eveen theyvefy logt the mare beon i dask thet wad breakeed open
	layer_4: i ws telling a gen omon one day that i could not keb asecro even they y logke t he ma beem i deask they woul breakeed open
	layer_6: i was telling a gentemon one day that i could not keep a secro eaven they fi locked them   ben my dsk they would break it open
	layer_8: i was telling a gentlemon one day that i could not keep a secret even theyif i lockd them  bein my dusk they would break it open
	layer_10: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked them  pon my desk they would break it open
	layer_12: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked them  ubon my desk they would break it open

file: 1585-131718-0038.flac
expected: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of cigars and who would show them a trick
	layer_2: hesajast ed to me that he had a fran over an aith avenyo whe metisoberad grate of segrs an who wohilh shal thema trit
	layer_4: he s ajast a to me that he had a frand over an ait avene who mit i sbere a graide of segrs an who wohuldh shol them atrekt
	layer_6: he suggasted to me that he had a friend over oneight aveneu who md ha subeara great of segrs an who wouldh show them atrek
	layer_8: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who mad a supera great of segris am who would show them a trik
	layer_10: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who mad a superior grade of cegres a who would show them a trick
	layer_12: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who mad a superior grade of segres a who would show them a trick

file: 1585-131718-0039.flac
expected: he said he would have some of them made up with hair and old paper and i could put them in without a word and see the result
	layer_2: he sa that he woudh have some of thom maht a bwith harand o papert end i kcoupot theming withoud awrd and se thetd res out
	layer_4: he sa that he would halve some of the mahte a with har and o paper ant i cou ut the ming without aword and sei therd res out
	layer_6: he sai that he would have some of then made abwith har and o paperand i could put theming without aword and seethe resout
	layer_8: he said that he would have some of them made ab with har and o paper and i could put them ing without a word and see the resout
	layer_10: he said that he would have some of them made ab with hair and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see the resout
	layer_12: he said that he would have some of them made ab with har and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see the rezout

file: 1585-131718-0040.flac
expected: i thought no more about the matter
	layer_2: i co kno wor bothe mater
	layer_4: i ot no wore dbo the mater
	layer_6: i hout know more bau the matter
	layer_8: i fouht no more itbou the matter
	layer_10: i fount no more about the matter
	layer_12: i font no more about the matter

file: 1585-131718-0041.flac
expected: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_2: ie dena remenber and othing aboted
	layer_4: i edina remember andothing abautet
	layer_6: i hadin  remember andything about it
	layer_8: i a didn't remember anything about it
	layer_10: i din't remember anything about it
	layer_12: i din't remember anything about it

file: 1585-131718-0042.flac
expected: i was too busy on other things to notice
	layer_2: i was to bise hon o that th ings tod enodes
	layer_4: i was to bisy on otheat things to dnotis
	layer_6: i was to busihon other things to de notice
	layer_8: i was to busyha other things to denotice
	layer_10: i was too busyon other things to denoteice
	layer_12: i was too busy hon other things to denoteice

file: 1585-131718-0043.flac
expected: speaking of those days or nights edison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenyi
	layer_2: spekeal thosdayce of nie adiseses yers a go hone of the grat ilines was raman
	layer_4: spekn al tho stace of nigts at isnsas yars ago won of the greadvilinust wast ramane
	layer_6: speakng o those dacs of nights adicn says yers a go whone of the great violinest wast raminy
	layer_8: speakng of those days of nights adisn says years ago one of the great violinist was rameny
	layer_10: speaking of those days of nights adison says years ago one of the great violinist was rameny
	layer_12: speaking of those days of nights adison says years ago one of the great violinist was rameny

file: 1585-131718-0044.flac
expected: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_2: whe i tarwud mevud inever ast him to wring his filing
	layer_4: whe wa tar witdth me ut i never ased him tod bring his vyiling
	layer_6: who woud talk wit h meveut i never asked him to bring his vileling
	layer_8: who would talk with me bat i never asked him to bring his villing
	layer_10: who ould talk with me but i never asked him to bring his vilin
	layer_12: who would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his vilin

file: 1585-131718-0045.flac
expected: one night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_2: whyn nid he came with his bilin atbiued tav aclak
	layer_4: whyn nid he came with his fling atbiud tevf a clock
	layer_6: why niht he came with his viling abot tav a clock
	layer_8: whye niht he came with his viling about tevf o'clock
	layer_10: y night he came with his vilin about twelve o'clock
	layer_12: wy night he came with his vilin aabout twelve o'clock

file: 1585-131718-0046.flac
expected: after that every time he came to new york he used to call at sixty five late at night with his violin
	layer_2: ap t thad eveetime he cime to nwuoorg he ause to caiesde fid laht anid with his filinggk
	layer_4: aft thad everytime he kim to newiorg he ous to coestfi late anighde whith his vilince
	layer_6: after that every time he came to new yorg he use to caasxtfi lat e night with his fiolinchd
	layer_8: after that every time he came to new york he usedto cask ifyd lat a night with his violinchd
	layer_10: after that every time he came to new york he used to carsdify late a night with his violinch
	layer_12: after that every time he came to new york he used to carasdifyd late a night with his violinch

file: 1585-131718-0047.flac
expected: another visitor who used to give us a good deal of amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the head of the london fire brigade
	layer_2: an athi thas iter hodyusto geifus a go do omusmend amplesr was capan sha the had of lentn fyorygait
	layer_4: and ether thas iter whotd use to gifess a goo da emusement ampleasre was capen sha the had of lendand fiberygade
	layer_6: another visiter who id used to givf ess a goo dea remusement and pleasure was captan sha the had of lendan fiber agade
	layer_8: another visitor who would used to give us a goo deal amusement and pleasure was captain sha the had of lendon fie wereagate
	layer_10: another visitor who would used to give us a good dealof amusement and pleasure was captain sha the had of london fi were gat
	layer_12: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal of amusement and pleasure was captain sha the had of london fi were agat

file: 1585-131718-0048.flac
expected: he would go out among the fire laddies and have a great time
	layer_2: whe  g out a mon the filatis andd hata gre time
	layer_4: who woa go out and mon the filadis and havfa grea time
	layer_6: who wal go out an on the filadis and halv a great time
	layer_8: whe wil go out amon the fhi ladies and half a great time
	layer_10: who will go out among the fhi ladies and half a great time
	layer_12: who will go out among the phi ladies and half a great time

file: 1585-131718-0049.flac
expected: speaking of telling stories i once got telling a man stories at the harrison lamp factory in the yard as he was leaving
	layer_2: sbeaking ofe tel thas daris i wan'sgo t hallga mas to is at the hearisindtlamn fatry and he yard as he wasleaving
	layer_4: spaking ove d eltas daris i won sgod d alliga mas doris at the haras ind len fatry and tha yard as he was leaving
	layer_6: spaking of tellis daris i wonce god allig a man's doris at the harisin lam factry in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_8: speaking of telas doris i once god telling a man s dori's at the harrison lam factry in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_10: speaking of tellas doris i once god telling a mans doris at the harrison lam factory in tha yard as he was leaving
	layer_12: speaking of tellas doris i once god telling a mans doris at the harrison lam factory in tha yard as he was leaving

file: 1585-131718-0050.flac
expected: it was winter and he was all in furs
	layer_2: het was wainder ani h wers aling firs
	layer_4: hei was waindher and  he ers alwing firs
	layer_6: he was winder an he wers alwing firt
	layer_8: he was wintered and he was alwing firt
	layer_10: he was winter and he was aling firs
	layer_12: he was winter and he was awing firs

file: 1585-131718-0051.flac
expected: i had nothing on to protect me against the cold
	layer_2: ai hannothing non to pertat m a gasthe cod
	layer_4: i hen othing nom to prtat me ae gest o cod
	layer_6: i hand nothing owm to prtant me agesti cod
	layer_8: i had nothing nown to protenck me i gust i cot
	layer_10: i had nothing om to protect me guestacod
	layer_12: i had nothing om to protect me guestacod

file: 1585-131718-0052.flac
expected: then i got pleurisy and had to be shipped to florida for cure
	layer_2: thelntago lery s ind hadho by sheapeto flarit of forcker
	layer_4: ten ago pleriasyind hadabe shipe to flori to fr ur
	layer_6: nanagop pleariciant hada bi ship to florried te fr cure
	layer_8: aagob plirisiant had o beshipd to flore te focur
	layer_10: anmagab pliriiant had o bi ship to flori the procurt
	layer_12: amagab plyrisiant had o bishipe to flori the procur

file: 1585-131718-0053.flac
expected: it had merely enjoyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of backing edison's experiments
	layer_2: he ha malliengu thy thelihts of entrus andhis apation an te perotes plusure of facng aisans exparmantce
	layer_4: he hea malianguor theit te lights of entres and hisapation and eparro thes plesured of facng aisence exparmence
	layer_6: he har mileling tht delights of antrous and isipation and a parlhes pleasure of facning atisence expariments
	layer_8: he had maly endore the delights of antres and icipation and a peralous pleasure of facigcg adiscens experiments
	layer_10: he had mearly enjured the delights of antres anticipation and tha peralous pleasured of facing adicen's expariments
	layer_12: he had mearly enjured the delights of antruss anticipation and tha peralous pleasured of facting adicen's expariments

file: 1585-131718-0054.flac
expected: now active exploitation was required
	layer_2: now afte ixs potation was wrequigd
	layer_4: now afte ex poytation was requid
	layer_6: now afcte ex poitation was requie
	layer_8: now afctr expotation was requie
	layer_10: now afcter eportation was required
	layer_12: now after exporitation was required

file: 1585-157660-0000.flac
expected: london its guilt and glory
	layer_2: lenden is got and gary
	layer_4: lenden isgot and glory
	layer_6: lendon is got and glory
	layer_8: lendon isgot and glory
	layer_10: lyndon isgot and glory
	layer_12: lyndon isgot and glory

file: 1585-157660-0001.flac
expected: they say best men are molded out of faults and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_2: they say bhast man ar moded ot e fates an for the moset the com muc mor the better forebing a laia bad
	layer_4: they say bast man are moded ot a fats and for the most bhe come muchmore the better for bing a lito bad
	layer_6: they say best man ar moted out of fouts and for the most tecome much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_8: they say best man are moded out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_10: they say best men are motid out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_12: they say best men are motid out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad

file: 1585-157660-0002.flac
expected: standing on a broken column of the old steeple three hundred feet above primrose hill william struck an attitude of theatrical fashion and uttered the following oratorical flight
	layer_2: stanling on the brlancallem of the osteber th wyhundaf fe debave praing ros hi welemstruk anadtudof  he ard treeco fassion and odert the folling ore tarrico flid
	layer_4: standing ond the broken collem of the o steber thrway hunde feetebove praing rose hill well em strack an atitutof the are treco fassion and ader the foling ouretaric of fligd
	layer_6: standing on the brokan collom of the ow steeber thray hundereetabove prainmg rose hill well ham' struck an aditute of theartrico fashion and atter the folling oretorrico flied
	layer_8: standing on the broken column of the o steeber three hunded feet above praim rosehill wellam struck an atitute of theartriko fashione and oter the folling aritorico fliht
	layer_10: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above pram rose hill willam struck an attitude of theortriko fashion and oter the foling aritoricl flight
	layer_12: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above pram ros hill willam struck an attitude of theortrico fashion and oder the foling aritorico flight

file: 1585-157660-0003.flac
expected: glorious london
	layer_2: glaris lenden
	layer_4: glares lenden
	layer_6: glaries lendon
	layer_8: glarius london
	layer_10: glorius london
	layer_12: glorius london

file: 1585-157660-0004.flac
expected: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vestige of this wonderful mass of human energy shall remain where the cry of the wolf bat and bittern shall only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_2: sad how sandithing that tha day wicon whu not ovastet of this onhe formas of h manarigy shareman wit the cri of the waf baht an bedem shu aly be herd and nater yim resome her rusticksblend en dessolation
	layer_4: sid how sante thing that that day will conm wherld not avastete of this onet e er mass oaf heomanaragy sha reman whrt the cri of the waf bat and bedim sho anly be heardt a naturgim resom her rusticks blend an dusalation
	layer_6: sad how sand to thing that the day willcone weld not avastige of this one of hremass of humaneigy shal remain where the cry of the walf bat and beedthom shou alnly be heard a naturagain resum her rustic s blendand desolation
	layer_8: sad how sand to think that the day will come weld not a vastage of this woneof hemass of human enegy shall remain wireh the cry of the waf bat and beethim shul anly be heard and nature again resume her rustic sblendand dessolation
	layer_10: sad how sad o think that the day will come with not tha vastage of this wonderf rmas of human energy shall remain with the cry of the waf ba and beetem shull only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendint dessolation
	layer_12: sad how sad to think that the day will come with not thae vastage of this wonde remas of human energy shall remain with the cry of the warf bat and beatim sho'll only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendint dessolation

file: 1585-157660-0005.flac
expected: the devil's tavern was a resort for actors authors bohemians lords and ladies who did not retire early to their downy couches
	layer_2: the devewas teveen was sa resord for actors athirsba hemins thors and latis whl dit noered tin arly to thear downingd coucues
	layer_4: the deve wast heaven was a resort for actrs outhors ba hemiins lors anladies whol dit no retin early to their downingd coucus
	layer_6: the devlast heaven was ha resort for actors authors bahemions floors and ladies whod dit nor retin early to their downningd couchus
	layer_8: the devlst heaven was ta resort for actors authors bahemian's floors and ladies who did not retine early to their downinged couches
	layer_10: the devilist heaven was a resort for actors authors bahemians floors and ladies who did not retire early to their downinged couches
	layer_12: the devilist heaven was a resort for actors athors bahemians floors and ladies who did not retire early to their downinged couches

file: 1585-157660-0006.flac
expected: william and myself soon found rest in deep slumber and wafted away into a dreamless realm our tired bodies lay in the enfolding arms of morpheus until the porter knocked at our door the next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_2: welonte my sou soon fan wrest indipbs lombern ha wafeted awyint would d reamelys rime ir tid bot is lan thif ing fowing armso morfors an to the p ottan nok it oar doored nexworyng ast e clak of the towstrukt the our off ni
	layer_4: well on a my sou soon faun rast indeps loumbern o wafted awayinto ohad dreamilys rim ire tied botes layin thif ing foing arm some morfors unto the putder nock it ur dor nexbmorning ast e clock of the torestruck he our of ni
	layer_6: well o and my sou soon fanrast indepslumberin and wafted away into a dreeameily's rim our tide bodes laying tif infoding arm soe morefrse unto the potter nock at our dor next borning asedtha clock of the towrestrucke he our of nine
	layer_8: wellow and my sou soon found resst in deep slumberin and wafted away into a dreamley's rim our tide botis laying the infoding arm som morefors unto the poer knock at our dor next morning ase te clock of the tower struck he hour of nine
	layer_10: well on and my sou soon found rest in deep slumberin and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide botdis lay in the  infoding armsom morfrs unti the paer knocked at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_12: well o and my souf soon found rest in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamiles rim our tide bodis lay in the  infoding arms om morfrs unti the pater knocked at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine

file: 1585-157660-0007.flac
expected: our first sight of sunrise in london gave us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_2: i fersud of sonrisinlan a giff us gran exptationcs of fane e fordtion for surally alwehad rs cloing ax wrtationce
	layer_4: a fer sud of soun rising lan agif as gread axpetationce af fame enfordtn for surally alwe had rs glowing axwetationce
	layer_6: a fir sud of soungrising land a giff uts gred expitationcs o fam and fordton for surely al we had wres glowing expetationce
	layer_8: ou firs tide of sunrizing landa give uts gread expitations of fame and forttune for surely al we had rs glowing expetations
	layer_10: our first sight of sunrising land e give us grea expitations of fame and forttune for surely all we had s glowing expitations
	layer_12: our first sight of sunrising land a give us grea expitations or fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expitations

file: 1585-157660-0008.flac
expected: oft expectation fails and most oft there where most it promises and oft it hits where hope is coldest and despair most fits
	layer_2: afd exwitation fouse and most of there were most e pramises and f a haids wer ho wis codust and i spar most fits
	layer_4: ofd aex wetation fouse and most of theyr wher e most e promises iand ogh a hids where hopeis codest and hisparmost fits
	layer_6: oft expitation fouse and most af there where most apromises and of a hids were hopeist codest and tespare most fits
	layer_8: oft expitation fhous and most af there where most a promises and off a hids were hopeist codest and despaire most fits
	layer_10: oft expitation fous and most of there were most a promises and off a his where hobe is codest and despaire most fits
	layer_12: oft expitation fous and most of there were most a promises and off a his where hobe is codest and despaire most fits

file: 1585-157660-0009.flac
expected: deuces won double and sixes treble coin
	layer_2: duses on dobee wen sicxes trebic
	layer_4: duses one daber wen sixes trebicoi
	layer_6: docis one duba when sixes trebicoin
	layer_8: ducis one dubba wen sixis trebico
	layer_10: dusis one duba win sixis trebico
	layer_12: dusis one duba win sixis trebicoin

file: 1585-157660-0010.flac
expected: william to the great amazement of the dealer flung a guinea in the center pot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation
	layer_2: welemeto the graid a masemend of the diller fong a ganin in thasenarpot whitchwors inmedillyt hapt bi ja wa they otherstoket own in silin exwitation
	layer_4: well em to the grade macemend of the dillar flong agening ind thatsenupot which werse enmedily t hapt by jack wadthe otherstlooket on insilen axpetation
	layer_6: wellim to the greade a masement of the dillar flong agining in thecenapot whichweres imedilly thaped by jack whiled the otherstlooked on in sileng expitation
	layer_8: wellomed to the great amazement of the dillar flong a ginning in theenapot which weres immediately thapped by jack while the others looked on in silen expitation
	layer_10: wellome to the great amazement of the dillar flung a ginnig in the cenapot which wers immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expitation
	layer_12: welme to the great amazement of the dillar flung a gini in the senapot which wers immediately thapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expitation

file: 1585-157660-0011.flac
expected: the polite jack replied all right sir take your word for it
	layer_2: the pit jac reput ilri eer tak e a warde forit
	layer_4: the pligt jack repot ill ri ser tke a word for it
	layer_6: the plite jack repied i'll ris sir take a word for it
	layer_8: the polite jacgk repied i'll rie sir take a word for it
	layer_10: the polite jack replied i'll rite sir take a word for it
	layer_12: the polite jack replied i'll rite sir take a word for it

file: 1585-157660-0012.flac
expected: i have set my life upon a cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_2: i hfe sind my lie apon he caust o ws stenthe haserd of the dy
	layer_4: i have send my lie upon the kased a wis stendter hoaserd of the dy
	layer_6: i have sen my live upon he cast a will stende haserd of the die
	layer_8: i have send my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_10: i have sent my life upon the cast and will stand the hazard of the di
	layer_12: i have sent my life upon the cast and will stand te hazard of the die

file: 1585-157660-0013.flac
expected: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of infant bull pups she was fondling in her capacious lap
	layer_2: i m medellye volod ing is fostaps ain fanimajolkin withe len loty ab o  coof ingtfon bo paps she was fondeling her copatious lep
	layer_4: i  medillif followd in hisfo staps an founmajolking with e len lady abou a cuof ingthon bo paps she was fandeling her compaciouslep
	layer_6: i medily vollowed in his fistaps and found imajolking with alendlady about a cupeof ingtham boo paps she was fondeling her campacious lap
	layer_8: imedily followed in his fort steps and foundhima joking with ha landlady about a coupe of engthan bo phaps she was fondling her campatious lap
	layer_10: i immediately followed in his fot steps and found im a jolking with ta landlady about a couple of inglhand boo perhaps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_12: i immediately followed in his fot steps and found im a jolking with the landlady about a couple of ingtand bo perhaps she was fondling her capacious lap

file: 1585-157660-0014.flac
expected: if he had dropped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprocal
	layer_2: ei fe hat jobet aut of he clauts wil em coulnot have bing mor pleset o suppriset and the feling was re sidprco
	layer_4: if hat joped out of a clouts whll em coul not have beng more pleased o saprised and the feeling was recipperco
	layer_6: if e had joped out of a clouts whell him could not have beeng more pleased oe surprised and the feling was recipprico
	layer_8: if he had jopped out of a clouds wellim could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was recyprico
	layer_10: if he had jopped out of a clouds willam could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_12: if he had jopped out of a cloud's willam could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprico

file: 1585-157660-0015.flac
expected: the printing shop of field was only a short distance from the devil's tavern and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_2: the prany shop a fo was aoing he sordistiens fron thet deve was taven and we weringvideto visi theystablismend
	layer_4: the prany shop a fu was aoling a hordistense from the devewas tavem and we wering vided to visi they stablishmend
	layer_6: the prinig shopaf fouas oling a shore distance from the devowas tavem and we wering vided to visithey stablishmend
	layer_8: the prnig shop of fow was olling a shoure distance from the devl's taven and we were ingvited to visithe establishment
	layer_10: the preinin shop of fow was owling a short distance from the devl's tabe and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_12: the prenin shop of fow was owling a short distance from the devil's tavem and we were invited to visit the establishment

file: 1585-157660-0016.flac
expected: james burbage gazed for a moment on the manly form of william and blurted out in his bluff manner what do you know
	layer_2: jameswrbitg gaced foremoendt an the maly form a wellem amd blury oat ai his blofmener wht do uno
	layer_4: jame s robacgh gased for emont an the may form awellhim amd bluarty aut en his blof mener what do you no
	layer_6: jamesrobage gased for a moment on the maly form a wellim and blury aut ing his bloh mener what do you know
	layer_8: jame s robige gazed for a moment on the maly form a willom and blurly at in his blohmanner what do you know
	layer_10: james robich gazed for a moment on the manly form of willam and bluri out in his blah manner what do you know
	layer_12: james rubigh gazed for a moment on the manly form o willam and blury out in his blath manner what do you know

file: 8254-115543-0000.flac
expected: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_2: then nextay every bwutin the hus begento me preirationswit the urniyn
	layer_4: the nextay every bodin the hous begaenti mek preperationse with a gurny
	layer_6: the next day every boding the house began to make preperations wirh he gurny
	layer_8: the next day everybody n the house began to make preparations worh the journey
	layer_10: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_12: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey

file: 8254-115543-0001.flac
expected: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_2: erything was dn veryd lhasuely tho thers a ltt a ta in an dospuding and the giving of contury orers
	layer_4: erything was danvery lasouly though there as a lot a tacking an dispoding and the giving of contury orders
	layer_6: evrything was den very lasurely though there as a lot o talking and dispooting and the giving of contuary orders
	layer_8: everything was done very lasurely though there ws a lot of talking a dispooding and the giving of contary orders
	layer_10: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooding and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_12: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooding and the giving of contrary orders

file: 8254-115543-0002.flac
expected: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_2: the od pourder was tire dacting a scoding the serencs af the piled the rok  omblinkets and bakxs of tlhod and pots andpand thanditioesen to the wagong
	layer_4: the od porder was thaire dreacting a scoding the surence ofs the piled the rugs omblankets and beges of tlud and pogts and pands and diches in to the wagen
	layer_6: the old porter was there drecting a scoding the servance as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of loud and pots and pands and dithes into the wegon
	layer_8: the old porter was there drecting ascoding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of flood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_10: the old porter was thare directing asscoding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_12: the old porter was thare directing ascoading the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon

file: 8254-115543-0003.flac
expected: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_2: ther was quid oprsestion om an thatlasd the bikg waging rombld out thuur the git wa
	layer_4: there was quit a pescession o in that lasd the bick wagin rombod out hrugh the git way
	layer_6: there was quite a prcession omen that last the big weaggin rumbod out through the git way
	layer_8: there was quite a procession fmen at last the big waggon rumbled out throgh the gateway
	layer_10: there was quite a procsession o in at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_12: there was quite a procsession o in at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway

file: 8254-115543-0004.flac
expected: behind it came the grandmother in her dhoolie dak a sort of a litter or easy chair swung between two long poles
	layer_2: behied ac came the gammother and her doly dack a fut af ra lidter oer eas e char fomnet betoenme two lormpos
	layer_4: behindi camed the gam mother and her dily dack a sut a e litdter where easy chaire ssomet be toeenm two lom pos
	layer_6: behind i came the grammother and her durly deck a sut of a litter were easy chair some between to long pos
	layer_8: behind i came the grandmother and her duly deck a sot of a litter ere easy chair sum between two long pose
	layer_10: behind i cameto the grandmother an her duly deck a soot of a litter here easy chair sum between two long pos
	layer_12: behind i cameto the grandmother an her duly deck a soot of a litter where easy chair sum between two long pos

file: 8254-115543-0005.flac
expected: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_2: be saised the fomly the amany servente and sover others wackd besid be slomo ting wagon
	layer_4: besised the famly there amany servence and soer others wackd becie e slo moving waigon
	layer_6: besized te family ther we many servants and suvera others waked besidet a slow moving wagon
	layer_8: besidse the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_10: beside the family there were many servants and several others walked beside ta slow moving wagon
	layer_12: beside the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon

file: 8254-115543-0006.flac
expected: the cook too went with them
	layer_2: the cok t wa with them
	layer_4: the cook to welt with them
	layer_6: the cook to welt with them
	layer_8: the cook too welt with them
	layer_10: the cook too went with them
	layer_12: the cook too went with them

file: 8254-115543-0007.flac
expected: good bye shouted little nao from his garden wall as they went by good bye
	layer_2: cod bi shait e litta nof mmis card en wast thy wen by fed by
	layer_4: go by shaide litt anow from misscartan was they wenm by goid by
	layer_6: goo by shade littenow from hiscarden was ty wen by good by
	layer_8: god by shoted little now from his garden was they went by good by
	layer_10: ood bye shouted little now from his garden whalst the went by good bye
	layer_12: good bye shouted little now from his garden whilst the went by good bye

file: 8254-115543-0008.flac
expected: they shouted greetings to their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old fakir smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_2: the shauda greding so the frendo the parders e pastim andoso to the od faccur smered oov rowith asies we satn a litto brecut by the bise and betnded to make onteifo ers
	layer_4: they showd a greding so the frind the pater s epasthim and osoe to the od faccur smered u over with ashies whoe satn a littl brickhut by the brige and brtended to make onterful crs
	layer_6: they shoued a greding sto thei friend the poter as the passed im and lso to the old facure smired allover withashes who satin a little brick hut by the brige and prtended to make wonterful curs
	layer_8: they shoutded greeding thouh their friend the poter as they pased him and also to the old facor smered allover with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_10: they shouted greeting toug their friend the poder as they passed him and also to the old facor smeered all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_12: they shouted greeting toug their friend the poder as they pased him and also to the old facor smeered all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures

file: 8254-115543-0009.flac
expected: this is more fun than going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_2: thisis mor en thegone iscu fhecaoler as  akomplardralonther cas of dest
	layer_4: this is morfen te gonggiscoo secolte as the oxomploderalon ther clous of dest
	layer_6: this is more fund de goingjo schol si colla as the oxempladed alon thoug clous of dest
	layer_8: this is more fund ter going to school sad cola as the oxem ploted along through clouds of dest
	layer_10: this is more fun than going to school said cola as the oxen ploed along through clouds of dust
	layer_12: this is more fun tha going to school said cola as the oxen plotted along through clouds of dust

file: 8254-115543-0010.flac
expected: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts run quite wild
	layer_2: thes lovely prs afually evrywn anda and i somepart s wren quit wiud
	layer_4: thes lovely purs ir founialy everyweren andua and in someparts ren quite wild
	layer_6: these lovely bers are founiarly everywer in indea and ins some parts wr en quite wild
	layer_8: these lovely birs are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts ere in quite wild
	layer_10: these lovely birds are found narly everywhere in india and in some parts were in quite wild
	layer_12: these lovely birds are found narly everywhere in india and in some parts were in quite wild

file: 8254-115543-0011.flac
expected: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_2: his  long madet haire howng on hs shodrs and e sing his prairs wit the heup of the roser of bes whic he cuntinualy pas the rhis hans
	layer_4: hs long madded haire hung on as shodrs andy ls sing his prairs with the helpe of thea rosery of beds which he continualy pas ther his hance
	layer_6: his long matted hair hung on his shoters and ea s sing his prayrs with the help of a rosery of beats which he continually passe her his hands
	layer_8: his long matded hair hung on his shoders and he w sing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beats which he continually passed thouh his hands
	layer_10: his long matted hair hung on his shoders and he was sning his prayers with the help of a rosary of beats which he continually passed throughis hands
	layer_12: his long matted hair hung on his shoders and he was singing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beats which he continually passed through his hands

file: 8254-115543-0012.flac
expected: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bowl saying give oh charitable people to this holy one
	layer_2: as the wragin kem mup he lnmand whr compeny the holly mand ranup and houd out abakingbl sain give o chared obl pepl to thes houly one
	layer_4: as the reaging came up e young man wo acompeny the holly man rannup and howd ut abaging ble sayin give o chared able people to this holy one
	layer_6: as the wagon came up a young man who hacompany the wholly man ran up and howd out a beging ble saying give o charidable people to this wholy one
	layer_8: as the wagan came up a young man who accompanied the holly man ran up and heowed out a begging bll saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_10: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and helwed out a begging bll saying give oh charitable people to this holy one
	layer_12: as the wagan came up a young man who accompanied the holly man ran up and helwed out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one

file: 8254-115543-0013.flac
expected: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_2: no count in the wad ha toe man ha bagrs as endia
	layer_4: not contr in the wod has so many bagers as india
	layer_6: no country in the wood has so many beggers as indiea
	layer_8: no country in the woorld has so many beggers as india
	layer_10: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_12: no country in the world has so many beggars as india

file: 8254-115543-0014.flac
expected: many of them are called holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_2: menyovf the man coud holly men beca they do nothing bemake pogrmages rem on sicourplis doi nhother theving sfuly on the amns thav aguinte them
	layer_4: many of the mut caut holy men becals they do nothing but make pogremages rom one sicur plycs to nother the ving souly on the ns tate rgivento them
	layer_6: many of them marcoud wholy men becaus they do nothing but make pegr mages from one sacre place to another tleving souly on the alms dhater given to them
	layer_8: many of them are cahd wholly men because they do nothing but make pegrimages from one sacret place to another living solly on the arms taver given to them
	layer_10: many of them are cughd wholy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms nevr given to them
	layer_12: many of them are caughd holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms tev ar given to them

file: 8254-115543-0015.flac
expected: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_2: and the had e tin theirlunch the yon e bontrexplor the gardin nerthem
	layer_4: wan the had etin ther lunch the yun' pe bonter explor the gardin near them
	layer_6: wen they had eaten their lunch the yon pep beantor explor the gardennear them
	layer_8: when they had eaten their lunch the young peoplewene to explore the garden near them
	layer_10: when they had eaten their lunch the young people weant to explore the garden near them
	layer_12: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them

file: 8254-115543-0016.flac
expected: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream
	layer_2: perhat ther dak hi me holle lit to fearfully buthe forgot abut das an the srt the kt of shuldreking dounb s trine
	layer_4: perhaps there doks han me hollaw litte feerfuly but the for gogt about dog s od the saugt the kt of shouldgry king dowmn by s streen
	layer_6: perhaps ther dogs aid mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs an thy souht the kit of sudre king down by is streem
	layer_8: perhaps they are dog said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs an they sawgh t thi kit of sur king down by heis stream
	layer_10: perhaps they are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs whnd they sawg ht thickit of sugarking down by his stream
	layer_12: perhaps they are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they sawg at thickit of sugarking down by his stream

file: 8254-115543-0017.flac
expected: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploughing by the stream said chola
	layer_2: prap so com bisome from the man thor he as now ploing bethe scren si culle
	layer_4: prap soo combi some from the man ther he has now plowing beythe streem sai calla
	layer_6: peraps su an bie some from the man there he is now ploing by the stream said cola
	layer_8: perhaps woe can by some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_10: perhaps woe can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_12: perhaps woe can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola

file: 8254-115543-0018.flac
expected: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a long stalk of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_2: ind is thekinfor watters ai the formmer as he toog a las fuko cain and jhetely gidted at gountho  s hreme
	layer_4: int is theokin for wattersaid the farmer as he took alos fuck o cain and jently gided at gount o hes treme
	layer_6: it his lookin for water said the farmer as he took a lo s fuck o cain and gently gided it jown to he strem
	layer_8: it is lookig for water said the farmer as he took a lowss fuck of cane and gently guided it jown to the sream
	layer_10: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a loss puk of can and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_12: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a loss tuck of can and gently guided it down to the stream

file: 8254-115543-0019.flac
expected: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure one for anything
	layer_2: the snake as a tother sticred animl of the hendes and theowino cilwr inger a wenfor anyfhing
	layer_4: the snake as ten nother sacredt animal of the hendos and theu ano cillwr indure a wene for anything
	layer_6: the snake is a nother sacret animal of the hinduse and they wue not kill wer injur en for anything
	layer_8: the snake is another sacret animal of the hindues and they wuldnot kill or injure wen for anything
	layer_10: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindes and thy wuld not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_12: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindes and they wuld not kill or injure when for anything

file: 8254-115543-0020.flac
expected: as they were about to move on again they saw a great cloud of dust down the road
	layer_2: as theng a butto wonagen the sorgry catd old dess tn the rod
	layer_4: as thing a but t mo van again the sagry cloud w dusts dan the rot
	layer_6: as them e but to movon again they sawgry cloudo dust don the road
	layer_8: as they were bout to move on again they saw grey cloud o dust down the road
	layer_10: as tey wereabout to move on again they saw gree cloud of dust down the road
	layer_12: as tey were about to move on again they saw gree cloud of dust down the road

file: 8254-115543-0021.flac
expected: it turned out that it was a great and powerful rajah going in state on a journey to visit another rajah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly made up
	layer_2: a tren dot thatdyi wos tha gry impoarfolrega gon ansthay oun a jrny to wats o anothe reja wher ruler of one o the smalkingdms or state of which maden andias fomly matu
	layer_4: a turndat thata wose the gry impowrfol rega goin an steay on a duny to wis e unothe rega were reular of one of the sma king dums ore states of which mardren indials formly mado
	layer_6: areturng at that i was the gree ampowerful rega going an stay on ajoni o was het another rega ere ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which mardren indios formily mada
	layer_8: re turned ut that it was the gret amd powerful rega goig ind stay on a jornito wat  another rega er ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which mardren indios formally made um
	layer_10: r turnd out that it was tha great and powerful rega going and stay on a journto with another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india wis formerly made up
	layer_12: rturned out that it was tha great and powerful rega going and stayt on a journi to withanother rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern indio wis formerly made up

file: 8254-115543-0022.flac
expected: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_2: frsd the came of bik elent aot deccrideth silkangoldan soler
	layer_4: forist ther came of bice elent out decrade with silkan gold ind slver
	layer_6: first ther came a bic elpent ou decorate with silcen goldend solver
	layer_8: first there came a big elephant oa decorated with silkan goldend silver
	layer_10: first there came a big elephant al decorated with silk end gold end silver
	layer_12: first there came a big elephant a decorated with silk end gold end silver

file: 8254-115543-0023.flac
expected: on the elephant's back was a howdah which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross legged was the rajah a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels with a great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_2: on th ethinspack wit wats e houdar wricjhi the c ap bik chari the canape overit and in this sitin cros lgt was the reja ha biake fattelor drestin coids socen julve anthe grea damen sep plominhis terben
	layer_4: on the elthan spack wit wats the houdor whic as the c a bi charer the canaby overit and in this sidting crost lit was the ruja ha biake fat fellow drestin colede soksan duls a the great dime in sep ploomin is terbpen
	layer_6: on the elefhant spack with was the howde which is thike a big chair o the canipy over it and in this sitting crosst light was the ruga ha big fat fellow dressedtin colordi soks an dewls the great dimon set ploum in is turben
	layer_8: on the elephant s back wht was the howde which is like a big chair of the canopy over it and in this sitting crosslight was the ruga a big fat fellow dressed in colords sioks and jewels the great diamon set plum in his turban
	layer_10: on the elephant's back wt was the howder whichwis like a big chair oif the canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudgar a big fat fellow dressed in colored siolks and jewels the great diamond set plume in is turbin
	layer_12: on the elephant's back wit was the howder which is like a big chair ot the canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rugar a big fat fellow dressed in colored silks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turbin

file: 8254-115543-0024.flac
expected: behind the howdah stood a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajah's head
	layer_2: te hind the houdes that a soan hoding a bicom relloe af fine fethes oer the rajas hed
	layer_4: behind the howdes that a sorven hoding a becom brelow o fon fethers ore the rajas head
	layer_6: behind the how dus that a serven hoding a biga brellow a fin fethers over the radgas head
	layer_8: behind the howdest hat a servant hoding a big embrellaw o fin feathers over the rudga's head
	layer_10: behind the how dusk that a servant hoding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raja's head
	layer_12: behind the how dusk that a servant hoding a big umbrella of fin feathers over the ragas head

file: 8254-115543-0025.flac
expected: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast by prodding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or goad
	layer_2: the drier set on the nec o the eont and gided the bik beas tha e pratig hmmoonsite whr the other withant air shod stick or god
	layer_4: the driwer s et on te neck orf the elfhent and gieded the bicg beas ap eprording himm aon sied wore the other with an arn shade stick or gold
	layer_6: the driwer setton the neck of the elephant and guided the big bast hap peproding him ae one sid or the other with an aran shawdt stick or gold
	layer_8: the driwer sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big bast tot berproding him onl one side or the other with an iron showd stick or gold
	layer_10: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prowding him on one side or the other with an iron showt of stick or gold
	layer_12: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast hat be prowding him on one side or the other with an iron shot f stick or gold

file: 8254-115543-0026.flac
expected: isn't it fine to ride like that on a big elephant
	layer_2: as in at fin toray la gown oa bik eihent
	layer_4: is in it find to rilatown a bik elitent
	layer_6: is in it find to rila tot nd a big elefent
	layer_8: is n't it fine to rilak that in a big elephant
	layer_10: isn't it fine to rielik that on a big elephant
	layer_12: isn't it fine to rilicke that on a big elephant

file: 8254-115543-0027.flac
expected: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rajah and his escort
	layer_2: na theressofe the dad te littuoke toe tof noting bat he gratea jin ois esc
	layer_4: naw theress of the da tha littlefolk toked of nothing wit the greaterajin is escot
	layer_6: n altheress of the day the little folk talked of nothing bwith he great rajinis escot
	layer_8: nd all the ress of the day the little folko talked of nothing but the great rajinis escot
	layer_10: ind all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great raginus escort
	layer_12: ind all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great ragainus escort

file: 8254-115543-0028.flac
expected: our party came to a halt among many other bullock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at the little booths
	layer_2: irpartycim to  heut a molmany o thei belok cutse the ones a whituaridhy titting aroun on the ground cokhingdi supers a bargining cforfe at he lit a bo
	layer_4: ar party cime to a holt a momany other belocka carts the onas a whicroridy sitting around on the ground cooking ges suppers ar bargining for fu athe littl both
	layer_6: or party came to a hout a moe many other beilocka carts the owness of whic raredy sitting around on the ground cooking theis suppers or bargenning for foot a the little booth
	layer_8: our party came to a hat a momany other bilock carts the owners of which we lrady sitting around on the ground cooking theis suppers or barginning for foot at he little booth
	layer_10: our party came to a hualt among many other block carts the owners of which wealready sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at ther little boot
	layer_12: our party came to a hult among many other bulock carts the owners of which werealready sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or barganning for food at ther little boot

file: 8254-115543-0029.flac
expected: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_2: thes they sed frplate he beng them u wieh their bordrace and cury andfeis and astos of pudingsnses
	layer_4: these they yused for plates he ben them up withtheir bod rice and cury and fish and ostors of pudtingsan srets
	layer_6: these they used for plates hebing them up with hir bold ricet and cury and fish and astos of puttings an sweets
	layer_8: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and a storts of putdings and sweets
	layer_10: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of putdings and sweets
	layer_12: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets

file: 8254-115543-0030.flac
expected: as supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parao and camped not far away
	layer_2: a supprowas bengedin anlo ther paty sto rf the parow and camp to nofar wit
	layer_4: a suppero was been eatim another party stogt thar the poow and camp to nog are awit
	layer_6: a supper was been neet him another party stot that the parow and campt  no f ar awic
	layer_8: a supper was being neet him another party stoppd at the paro end campd nofar awa
	layer_10: a supper was beegneet him another party stopped at the paro encamped not far away
	layer_12: a supper was beng neet him another party stopped at the para encamped not far away

file: 8254-115543-0031.flac
expected: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty
	layer_2: wen the liter was pu don ey oumn boisethapdout whicin mery oud in hoty
	layer_4: when the liter was pudown ey unboicetep dout wi cin ery poud and houlty
	layer_6: when the litter was pudown a youn boycetepdoubt likin very rowd and halty
	layer_8: when the liter was put down a young boy stepped out loking very proud and halty
	layer_10: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty
	layer_12: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty

file: 8254-115543-0032.flac
expected: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distance
	layer_2: ha soincs a wen spereta hans an rok on the goanfor hm to ida ar reshd obout wating o hem tokin goo care to kep every one an e jisten
	layer_4: has soence a on spereato hanseom rug n the gaun for hm to sid a and reshed about waiding ao him tokin good cared to keep every one und a jistan
	layer_6: his servance oue once sprat a handsom rugg n the grown for him to sidan a rushed about waiting o him taking good care to keep every one unt ajistant
	layer_8: his servants aonce spread a handsome rugg n the ground for him to cit on an rushed about waiting on him taking good care to kep everyone and agistent
	layer_10: his servants at once spread a handsome rugg on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone ant adjist e
	layer_12: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone unt adjist e

file: 8254-115543-0033.flac
expected: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_2: yas en hol he ordes evryou one abou him
	layer_4: yesan halw he orders everyou one a bou him
	layer_6: yes ind helwl he orders every one about him
	layer_8: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_10: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_12: yes and how he orders everyone about him

file: 8254-115543-0034.flac
expected: around the little brahmin's neck was a thin cord or thread which was the sign of his high caste
	layer_2: ar on the lit a broumensnhec s a thin coarderf drit whitc as the sine of his hi cast
	layer_4: arande littl broamencsnec was a thin courderf dhrit which as the sine of his hi cast
	layer_6: arondtha little bramond'sneck os ha thin cordeof thrid which wis the signe of his high cast
	layer_8: around the little bramon's neck ows a thin curderof thrid which as the sign of his high cast
	layer_10: around the little bramon's neck was a thin qarderof thrad which was the sign of his high cast
	layer_12: around the little bramon's neck was a thin quarderof thrad which wis the sign of his high cast

file: 8254-115543-0035.flac
expected: meanwhile the haughty little brahmin ate his supper with his head turned away so no one could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_2: menwil the how do litta bramman i hisupper wun thi s had turn dowai sknoonc ose am eat and then grin tired of respefol glaciof the crod erount him he cot antres litter again and the serinc fatn the crtin statly aroundim
	layer_4: meannwil the howty litt l braman ai his superm wene tha s had turne dawa so no anc a se him eat and then gring tired of respefl glanes of the crout erount him he got untee s litter again and the serance fastend the curtince titly aroundhim
	layer_6: man while the hoty little bramin aite his supper hen the shead turned away so kno uncuse him eat and then gring tired of respefl glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the surance fastied the curtance tigtly around him
	layer_8: meanwhile the haty little bramon atd his supper when thes head turned away so no uncal see him eat and then gowing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servans fastedthe curtants tigtly around him
	layer_10: meanwhile the hauty little brammon ate his supper when this head turned away so no oncul see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_12: meanwhile the hauhty little brammon ate his supper when this head turned away so no oncoul see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him

file: 8254-115543-0036.flac
expected: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_2: arye bety sup sownly ands bihtr the facthot one of the serene was beaing a drome moss of the nit wrs the rillyt belved with the wa to kepaf evil speurds
	layer_4: arry bdyi sip sounly and spiter the fact hat wone of the surmrence was beating a dro mos of the night whresh the rilly believed with the way to keepaotf evile spearids
	layer_6: erybodys sep soundly and spite erf the fact that one of the survrancs was beating a dru mos of the night which they rully believed with the way to keep oth evil spirids
	layer_8: erybody sep soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummus of the night which they really believed was the way to keep oft evil spirits
	layer_10: everybody slepd soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum mos of the knight which they rally believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_12: everybody slepd soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummos of the knight which they rally believed was the way to keepoff evil spirits

file: 8254-115543-0037.flac
expected: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_2: oh the thes he cid
	layer_4: o the fhes he crid
	layer_6: oh the fes he cried
	layer_8: oh the fhecs he cried
	layer_10: oh the fhes he cried
	layer_12: oh the phes he cried

file: 8254-115543-0038.flac
expected: they are as bad as the beggars
	layer_2: therspat is thebakers
	layer_4: there  sbat is the bakers
	layer_6: there vsbat as the baers
	layer_8: theres bad as the bagers
	layer_10: there as bad as the bakers
	layer_12: the're as bad as the bakers

file: 8254-115543-0039.flac
expected: what art thou guarding so carefully shriya asked her brother
	layer_2: wha art tho garting so cerfrelhys sheiau ask to rether
	layer_4: whalt ar though garding so carefrly shea askethr brether
	layer_6: whall ar though garding so carefully shria asked her brother
	layer_8: what are thogh guarding so carefully shra asked her brother
	layer_10: what ar thou guarding so carefully tra asked her brother
	layer_12: what art thou guarding so carefully tria asked her brother

file: 8254-115543-0040.flac
expected: he and chola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_2: he ancoll o ere wakin be sa the wakgon for  thange
	layer_4: he encol ow ere walking be si the ragen for a thange
	layer_6: he encolo were walking besi the regen for a change
	layer_8: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_10: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_12: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change

file: 8254-115543-0041.flac
expected: the lattices were raised so shriya and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_2: the latisis rith sushe un a mother and ont oult en joy the fhesh are
	layer_4: the lateces risetdh sushe and ha mother and ant ould anjoy the fresh air
	layer_6: the ladises werised soche and her mother and ant could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_8: the ladesses werrized uchia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_10: the latises weroused socia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_12: the latisses werrosed suchia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air

file: 8254-115543-0042.flac
expected: they are my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_2: ther my das o the lit rgirall sanly as she pade the bende of be siter
	layer_4: ther my daus a the litta girl sandtly ashe pad e the bundeo be siter
	layer_6: there my dalls aid the litte girl sondly a she patf the bundo by sider
	layer_8: there my doll said the little girl sandly as she patde the bundo besideher
	layer_10: ther're my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted hebundl beside her
	layer_12: ther're my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundol beside her

file: 8254-115543-0043.flac
expected: i take them as an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_2: i hee then mut an afrun to the holy rover por lat a women
	layer_4: i tat then woth an offering to the holy rover por lit a woman
	layer_6: i tat them wath an offering to the holy rover por littae woman
	layer_8: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_10: i tate them with an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_12: i tate them with an offering to the holy river poor little woman

file: 8254-115543-0044.flac
expected: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_2: mas thos tacrfis thi toys to
	layer_4: musthos acrfie thi tois to
	layer_6: must tho sacrifice thy toyse to
	layer_8: must tho sacrifice thy toics too
	layer_10: must tho sacrifice thy toyse too
	layer_12: must tho sacrifice thy toyse too

file: 8254-115543-0045.flac
expected: smiled her uncle as he patted her head
	layer_2: smader uncl s he paded her had
	layer_4: smalder uncl as e paded her head
	layer_6: smalder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_8: smader uncle as he patted her head
	layer_10: smater uncle as he patted her head
	layer_12: smater uncle as he pattered her head

file: 8254-84205-0000.flac
expected: chapter forty nine griggs is stubborn
	layer_2: chaptir forty nin grexcs istupen
	layer_4: chaptr forty nin grix is tupan
	layer_6: chapter fory nine grixs istubon
	layer_8: chapter forty nine grigs is tubbirn
	layer_10: chapter forty nine grigs i stubborn
	layer_12: chapter forty nine grig is stubborn

file: 8254-84205-0001.flac
expected: the days glided by with the stiffness in chris lee's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_2: the dase gided by wit thestifnessin crispesed lhembsgroin tus panfl and the pone recovring tast for the clar mountanares im to ac i a keurforons
	layer_4: the days glided by with the stifness imn crispese memsgrowing lus painful and the pony recovering thast for the clart mountanars hem to ac li a kurofor wons
	layer_6: the days gladed by with the stiffness in cristpiese mimbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clarat mountinairs eeme to act lik a cur for woons
	layer_8: the days glaided by with the stiffness ind chrispy's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the cleara mountinar seemed to act lie a cure for wounds
	layer_10: the days glided by with the stiffness in chrispe's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_12: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispe's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds

file: 8254-84205-0002.flac
expected: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_2: evere day the cam shod tha endr animo an better condition
	layer_4: every day the came shod that indred animl in better condition
	layer_6: every day the came showd the indred animal an better condition
	layer_8: every day thet came showed the indred animal in better condition
	layer_10: every day thet came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_12: every day thet came showed the injured animal in better condition

file: 8254-84205-0003.flac
expected: its efforts to move no longer made chris wince and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustang suffer
	layer_2: ats effers t omove nelonermad crisiwens a forget his on paings and dhost he fu at seng themusthing sufer
	layer_4: ats effers to move nelonger made crisience and forget his onmpaings ind thogs hy fou at seen the mustain suffer
	layer_6: its efforst to move no longer made chrisevence and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing they mustaine suffer
	layer_8: its efforts to move no longer made chrisivints and forget his own pains an those he felt at seing the mus ain suffer
	layer_10: its efforts to move no longer made crysivins and forget his own pains an those he felt at seeing the mustdain suffer
	layer_12: its efforts to move no longer made crisivins and forget his own pains an those he felt at seeing the musdain suffer

file: 8254-84205-0004.flac
expected: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_2: ave yelon as bisy for the keping wac h reagry to cup a cud f tine
	layer_4: eve yu onwas busy for the keeping wath regey toocup a goud de o of tinme
	layer_6: every on was busy for the keeping watch reglay took up a gooddel of time
	layer_8: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a god deal of time
	layer_10: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_12: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time

file: 8254-84205-0005.flac
expected: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think they are staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_2: atsow non encs nad cradcres fort them tot thint af ther staing on a cound ofves whol grage wer you le sinaing
	layer_4: ats ow non sence nead cridcrus for them to thingth o their stayng on a count of us wholow grigs were you lisining
	layer_6: it's aw non ense ned criedcris for them to thingth af their staying on a count of us wholow grigs were you lisenning
	layer_8: it's a nonense ned cried chris for them to think that the're staying on account of us wholow grigs were you listening
	layer_10: it's all nonsense ned cried cris for them to think that hey're staying on account of us whoolo grigs were you listening
	layer_12: it's all nonssense ned cried cris for them to think that they're staying on account of us whoolo grigs were you listening

file: 8254-84205-0006.flac
expected: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_2: how de dyoeu pony kgo this morning spended
	layer_4: howde oerponlygo this morning spended
	layer_6: how did your ponigo this morning splended
	layer_8: how did your ponigo this morning splendid
	layer_10: how did your poni go this morning splendid
	layer_12: how did your pony go this morning splendid

file: 8254-84205-0007.flac
expected: just halted a little on the bad leg but it's better than it was yesterday
	layer_2: tos hoted d o lid on the bar lek but his petted h an o was yuestity
	layer_4: jtos hartede lidre on the ba leg but his bettedthan e was yestidy
	layer_6: tust harte a litte on the baleg but his better than a was yestedy
	layer_8: just howrted a little on the bad leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_10: just hated a little on the bad leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_12: just harted a little on the bald leg but is better than it was yesterday

file: 8254-84205-0008.flac
expected: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_2: to de canterd this monin can tr
	layer_4: to do canterdthis moni canter
	layer_6: to du cantere this mony canter
	layer_8: did you canter this mornin canter
	layer_10: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_12: did you canter this morning canter

file: 8254-84205-0009.flac
expected: we went at a good swinging gallop and what about you
	layer_2: wet waet at a gin stoin galov and wold ab youw
	layer_4: wet whent at a git stoein galloe and walt about you
	layer_6: we t want at a git stween gallop and woat about you
	layer_8: we wnt at a god stwin gallop and what about you
	layer_10: we n't ad a good swin gallop and what about you
	layer_12: we en't ad a good swin gallop and what about you

file: 8254-84205-0010.flac
expected: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_2: i a mola lote stite
	layer_4: o a monyy lit a sti te
	layer_6: oh i monly little stif still
	layer_8: oh i'm only a little stif still
	layer_10: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_12: oh i'm only a little stiff still

file: 8254-84205-0011.flac
expected: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_2: we shal get stron wore quikly gurning oferithe planc rcimiyn in an ow amon the mountens
	layer_4: we sheall gets strom more quickly gurning over the plains or ciming in anow amone the mountencs
	layer_6: we shall get strom more quickly jurning over the plains or claming in anou a on the mountance
	layer_8: we shall get strong more quickly jurning over the plains or clumming in an ou amon the mountains
	layer_10: we shall get strong more quickly journying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_12: we shall get strong more quickly journying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains

file: 8254-84205-0012.flac
expected: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_2: he sis ere distec to marl at daybrike
	layer_4: he ses wered destert to maorl at dabrick
	layer_6: he sas were destire to morrol at daybrik
	layer_8: he says were to startd to morrow at dabrick
	layer_10: he says we're to start to morrow at daybrick
	layer_12: he says we're to start to morrow at daybrick

file: 8254-84205-0013.flac
expected: hurrah cried chris
	layer_2: whr crud ces
	layer_4: whor crad ces
	layer_6: hora caid cis
	layer_8: whora caed cas
	layer_10: hora cried cas
	layer_12: houra cried cas

file: 8254-84205-0014.flac
expected: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_2: but we shat melad whi ot
	layer_4: but wes shat my lad why not
	layer_6: but we shat my lad why not
	layer_8: but we shant my lad why not
	layer_10: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_12: but we shan't my lad why not

file: 8254-84205-0015.flac
expected: because i've seen indians again
	layer_2: bexus theene indon s ogen
	layer_4: beccoufs theen indians again
	layer_6: beca's then indianc again
	layer_8: becs aes heen indians again
	layer_10: becas aseen indians again
	layer_12: becas asseen indians again

file: 8254-84205-0016.flac
expected: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_2: all yor alis sing indinsogan
	layer_4: al youre allwi sing indincsogain
	layer_6: all your alwas sing indianc again
	layer_8: ol yo're alwas sing indians again
	layer_10: o yo're always sing indians again
	layer_12: o yo're always sining indians again

file: 8254-84205-0017.flac
expected: well they showed themselves to me i didn't want them said griggs dryly
	layer_2: while the shodthem to tomy ad andt at them sicgrextrilly
	layer_4: whill the sho them fls to me id an't wat them sigrixtrily
	layer_6: while the show themels to me idn't wat them sikrik strilly
	layer_8: whele tey show themels to me i dn't wat them sid grek trily
	layer_10: whele they show themselves to me i don't want them said greks driyly
	layer_12: wel they show themselves to me i don't want them said greks dryly

file: 8254-84205-0018.flac
expected: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe
	layer_2: tn art fullut av er ben a wa ad a a blice
	layer_4: tern artful lought nev er been a way at o i belee
	layer_6: ther n artfullot everd been a way at al i beliese
	layer_8: ther n artful lot never' been away at all i believe
	layer_10: ther'e an artful lot never been away at all i believe
	layer_12: there an artful lot never' been away at all i believe

file: 8254-84205-0019.flac
expected: we couldn't see em but if we'd made a start they'd have been close upon our heels directly
	layer_2: becouon seim bo fee meadestort the had bing cos tuponishe os drecly
	layer_4: recouon' sm buo fre me destart they had being closeuponar he os dreckly
	layer_6: recouldn't seeim bu fre me distart they had been close upon er heos direckly
	layer_8: we couldn't see him bu feme to start they had been close upon her hees directly
	layer_10: we couldn't see him b fe me to start they had been close upon heur hels directly
	layer_12: we couldn't see him but f me to start they had been close upon our heels directly

file: 8254-84205-0020.flac
expected: ah you'll have to trap them chris said ned maliciously
	layer_2: yo ha te chapthncres fe en milishusfy
	layer_4: ar you ha ded trapt them  cros sa nen milishously
	layer_6: a you have to trap themocrrs sid en miliciously
	layer_8: ah you have to trap themocris said nen maliciously
	layer_10: ah you have to trap them occris said nea maliciously
	layer_12: ah you have to trap them occris said ned maliciously

file: 8254-84205-0021.flac
expected: look here if you say that again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_2: loo ker f hi sfart agan wi shao quar heue at greg
	layer_4: lookere t his sat a again we shall quir he r at grigs
	layer_6: look yer if yoe's said ot again we shall quaro he red at grigs
	layer_8: look here if you' say ot again we shall quaro her that grigs
	layer_10: look here if you' set out again we shall quaro here tat grigs
	layer_12: look here if you' set out again we shall quaro here that grigs

file: 8254-84205-0022.flac
expected: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_2: a yas y her sr yo rigt
	layer_4: ol yes a here sirf you rit
	layer_6: o yes i here serv you rigt
	layer_8: oh yes i hear serve you wrigt
	layer_10: oh yes i hear serve you wright
	layer_12: oh yes i hear serve you wright

file: 8254-84205-0023.flac
expected: if you can't show us a better way you had better hold your tongue
	layer_2: is he canshalas abe awy had beter hodre ton
	layer_4: is he canshal isea bet away had beter hod ereton
	layer_6: as he can't shoas a bet away y havd better holder tong
	layer_8: is yhe can't show us a bet a way you havd better hold her tongue
	layer_10: if yhe can't show us a better way you had better hold her tongue
	layer_12: if yoe can't show us a better way you had better hold her tongue

file: 8254-84205-0024.flac
expected: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_2: bere re wal icon dulet si net hortiy
	layer_4: berery wall i con do tlat sid net hortilly
	layer_6: beery well i can do lat sid nad hotily
	layer_8: berry well i can do that said ned hagtily
	layer_10: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_12: very well i can do that said ned haughtily

file: 8254-84205-0025.flac
expected: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_2: theyrt thatsa nof crardcres do be sol pedig ad
	layer_4: there thatsa nog crid cres do be so peding ad
	layer_6: theyre that's enough cried chris don't be so pedy ned
	layer_8: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_10: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_12: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned

file: 8254-84205-0026.flac
expected: that's right cried griggs
	layer_2: tha srit cdges
	layer_4: that tsrit cadgi
	layer_6: that sright cadgigs
	layer_8: that's right caed gigs
	layer_10: that's right cad kix
	layer_12: that's right cad kig

file: 8254-84205-0027.flac
expected: look here lads i've just been trying that place again
	layer_2: loc erlats af drisbeing tine that placorgein
	layer_4: lookyeur lads of jrispeing trined that pace again
	layer_6: look yeure lads of justbing tryind that pace again
	layer_8: look youre lads of drusbeing trying that place again
	layer_10: look here lads o'v jus being try ing that place again
	layer_12: look here lads o'v gus being try ing that place again

file: 8254-84205-0028.flac
expected: any time the doctor likes
	layer_2: and he tom thedocttr lik
	layer_4: and he tome thedot ter likes
	layer_6: and he teme the docter likes
	layer_8: and he timed the doctor likes
	layer_10: and he timed the doctor likes
	layer_12: and he timed the doctor likes

file: 8254-84205-0029.flac
expected: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_2: ben shot ap i fulofe the bovtanarlw founs badenou burt his no mut riskur
	layer_4: bing shat a y fellowes hof boean arow sound sbed inough but this not much riskure
	layer_6: being shoht at by fellows of bosan aro sound s bed enough but thes not much riscere
	layer_8: being shot at by fellows of boten arro sounds bad enough but ther's not much riskyer
	layer_10: being shot at by fellows of bozend arrow sounds bad enough but here's not much risker
	layer_12: being shot at by fellows of botend arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risker

file: 8254-84205-0030.flac
expected: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_2: i al kno about dhatsacris antouspy
	layer_4: i on't kno about dat s acris entiousply
	layer_6: i on't know about that sacrist anxiously
	layer_8: i don't know about that said christ anxiously
	layer_10: i don't know about that said cris anxiously
	layer_12: i don't know about that said cris anxiously

file: 8254-84205-0031.flac
expected: don't you well i do
	layer_2: dothou wil i du
	layer_4: donto wil i do
	layer_6: don't you will i do
	layer_8: don't you well i do
	layer_10: don't you wall i do
	layer_12: don't you wall i do

file: 8254-84205-0032.flac
expected: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_2: i shul beuranig fahd and darging in anout mon the roktantes
	layer_4: i shouldbeuraning faset and darging in anout amon the rocks and ches
	layer_6: i should be reuning fast and darging in an ou amon the rocks and chrees
	layer_8: i should be running fast and darging in and outumon the rocks and chees
	layer_10: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_12: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and trees

file: 8254-84205-0033.flac
expected: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_2: buth an ib won bestanins thirl cotind grig
	layer_4: buthe eni y wome be staning stil countinued grigs
	layer_6: but the eneb won't be staning stillk continued grigs
	layer_8: bu the eneby won't be standing still continued grugs
	layer_10: but the eneby won't be standing still continued grigs
	layer_12: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs

file: 8254-84205-0034.flac
expected: i don't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_2: a'nt blive this bita rusk for meg i shall beoit
	layer_4: an't belive this bit a resk for me i shall beoright
	layer_6: aoun't believe this bitte risk for me i shall be alrright
	layer_8: on't believe this bitter risk for me i shall be alright
	layer_10: on't believe this bit o risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_12: on't believe this bit o risk for me i shall be all right

file: 8254-84205-0035.flac
expected: but our animals will be well back in that hollow said chris
	layer_2: bout e anan was al be wle bac in the ho sacres
	layer_4: but it anan los wil be well back in theat hol socress
	layer_6: but i animos ill be well back ine that whole si cris
	layer_8: but i animos will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_10: buta animas wi'll be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_12: but i animals wi'll be well back in that hole said chris

file: 8254-84205-0036.flac
expected: yes my lad but i want them to be planted farther back still
	layer_2: yes mallad but r wat them to be pcanted for the baxsfil
	layer_4: yes malad but a ant them to be planted for the baxfill
	layer_6: yes milad but i want them to be planted forthe backsfill
	layer_8: yes mylad but i want them to be planted forther bakfill
	layer_10: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for ther bakvill
	layer_12: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for ther baxvill

file: 8254-84205-0037.flac
expected: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_2: and ha fradte father wa saof the poniys arto be cluosat hand
	layer_4: and te freadt father wa saythaf the ponise aort to be clse at hand
	layer_6: and afraid father will say that the ponies aught to be close at hand
	layer_8: am afraid father will say that the pones ought to be close at hand
	layer_10: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_12: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand

file: 8254-84205-0038.flac
expected: yes that's right if it can be done but it would go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who set it
	layer_2: yes thetstrit o a cimbe don but iwll go hardrithus al ofe the andins eveok the ba of the chrap and toun apon boswho seidit
	layer_4: yes that strigt ifa cam be done but wll go hard eths all of the indianskeveook the bayt of the chrap and turn upon those who seid it
	layer_6: yest that stright if it can be done but will go hard wit hus all of the indians gave u the bat of the chrap and turnd upon those who said it
	layer_8: yes thats right if it can be done but will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bat of the thrap and turned upon those who sid it
	layer_10: yes that's right if it can be done but w'll go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bate of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_12: yes that's right if it can be done but tw'll go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it

file: 8254-84205-0039.flac
expected: well you must talk it over with father said chris
	layer_2: whil you mus tocgit a rouith farther sicress
	layer_4: whele you mus toket a ro it h father sicres
	layer_6: welle you must tack it aruwith father sicris
	layer_8: well you must talk it aru with father sid chrit
	layer_10: well you must talk it ovruwith father said cris
	layer_12: well you must talk it ovru with father said cris

file: 8254-84205-0040.flac
expected: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_2: to many rescin sthe bu as i todu
	layer_4: to many retskins he bou as i todou
	layer_6: to many redskons about as i toldyou
	layer_8: to many redskins about as i told you
	layer_10: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_12: too many redskins about as i told you

file: 8254-84205-0041.flac
expected: there are always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_2: there al was to many wred skins about crad cresnpitionly
	layer_4: ther alwas to many readge skins about crad cricsnmpitionly
	layer_6: theire always to many redeskins about cried chrisempicienly
	layer_8: they're always too many redgskins about cried christ im paciently
	layer_10: the're always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_12: the're always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently

file: 8254-84205-0042.flac
expected: i wish we could charge them boldly and send them flying over the plains
	layer_2: in iasho kcld chare them boulyasen them ling ofore the plands
	layer_4: i wishook uad chares them bollia in them fling over the plains
	layer_6: i wisho could charde them bollia sen them flying over the plains
	layer_8: i wis u could charg them bolliu send them flying over the plans
	layer_10: i wish yoe could charge them bollyat send them flying over the planes
	layer_12: i wish yoe could charge them bollyast send them flying over the planes

file: 8254-84205-0043.flac
expected: never to come back again said ned sharply
	layer_2: ne re to com beccege sinnend sharply
	layer_4: nevre to come bac a gin said nen sharbly
	layer_6: nevery to come back agin said nente sharbly
	layer_8: never to come back again said nent sharply
	layer_10: never to come back again said net sharply
	layer_12: never to come back again said net sharply

file: 8254-84205-0044.flac
expected: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game
	layer_2: not quight melads ton do e totrpling a arry tocleshgime
	layer_4: not quint mylads don to seethot were plaing o e ry toocklesh gaimg
	layer_6: not quite my lads don' to see thot were playng o ery tooklesh game
	layer_8: not quite my lads don't you see that were playng a ery tklesh game
	layer_10: not quite my lad don't you see that we're playing a very tklish game
	layer_12: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very tiklish game

file: 8254-84205-0045.flac
expected: just then the doctor came into the shelter where the boys had been talking bringing with him wilton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_2: trus then the dotrcime to the shouter wit the boiyse aving taking bring with hem worton lo bin suding rather trimnto shued fre  had had now seses nthey to worltotieg unes tl  out was ems
	layer_4: drest then the duttr cime to the shouder withthe boyce aving toking bring with ham woaton hlev in suding ratherd trinto shut fore e had hadg no sesess an they two woere toking uanust tle of thout ways ams
	layer_6: drust then the datrcameinto the shouder with ha boyse haveing talking bring with them woton h eve ins shoting rathered tryined to shoot for he had hadg no secess and they two were talking earnesly a bhout ways ad mans
	layer_8: drust then the darter came into the shouder with ha boys haveeng talking bring with tem woaton ho have en shooting oratherd tryig to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and mans
	layer_10: just then the darter came into the shouter with ta boys havebin talking bring with them woton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and mans
	layer_12: just then the darter came into the shouter with tha boys havebien talking bring with them waton who had been shooting or ather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and mans

file: 8254-84205-0046.flac
expected: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_2: io yury ar gaxs ped the ducter
	layer_4: o aur y ar grgs pred the docter
	layer_6: orar grigs creid he doctor
	layer_8: oh hurar griggs crid the doctor
	layer_10: o erar grigs cried the doctor
	layer_12: o her ar griggs cried the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0047.flac
expected: had a good turn at scouting yes sir
	layer_2: had ae god tnescouimg y ser
	layer_4: had a god tnasgouing yeus sir
	layer_6: had a good turn a scouting yes ir
	layer_8: had a good trne scouting yes sir
	layer_10: had a good turno scouting yes sir
	layer_12: had a good turno scouting yes sir

file: 8254-84205-0048.flac
expected: the indians have shifted their quarters and they're in about as awkward a position as they could contrive for our purpose
	layer_2: thet inde in ufe shufete the qorters an ther in thebout as ol curd oposition es thy coo contri oa  erpes
	layer_4: the indins ave shifteo the corders and theri in the bou as ecurt uposition ess ty coud contrif foar of pherpoce
	layer_6: the indience have shifpter the corders and there i in the boutus icurd a position tas the could contrive for appurpose
	layer_8: the indians have shipted thir carters and therein the bowast ilkward a position tas they could contrive fou a purpose
	layer_10: the indians have shifted their quarters and their in the bauac ilkward a position last they could contrive foru a purpose
	layer_12: the indians have shifted their quarters and their in the baac ilkward a position last they could contrive for a purpose

file: 8254-84205-0049.flac
expected: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_2: heng masget olwa from hi tdo ome gould hunting grownd
	layer_4: e mus get awy from he di some good huntin ground
	layer_6: e mus get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_8: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_10: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_12: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground

file: 8254-84205-0050.flac
expected: do the indians seem to be camping or only on the move
	layer_2: to th endeu sing tor becathinm por aon  ont emos
	layer_4: to the endiousing to becanthing por onn onthemose
	layer_6: to the indioansing to be canthing por only on the move
	layer_8: t the indian sing to be canthing or only on the move
	layer_10: o the indian thing to be canting or only on the moves
	layer_12: o the indian thing to be canting or only on the moves

file: 8254-84205-0051.flac
expected: they seem to me to be hatching up some dodge or another replied griggs
	layer_2: the seem tommea to be hatcin ofs omd dardr inothern pi prek
	layer_4: the semed to med do be haching uf som dargr another n wpid grigs
	layer_6: the seemed to meed to be hathing of some darger another an replied grigs
	layer_8: this seeme to me to be hatching uf some dag or another in replied grugs
	layer_10: this seemed to me to be hatching up some dage or another  replied grigg
	layer_12: thi seemed to me to be hatching up some dage or another  replied grig

file: 8254-84205-0052.flac
expected: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_2: than yhe began to ok u pendos foy ovidently epen thut
	layer_4: than heoa began to olck upan dowus foy ivid intly depn thougt
	layer_6: then he began to walck up and downcs filly evidently deepn thought
	layer_8: then he began to walk up and downsflly evidently deepen thought
	layer_10: then he began to walk up and down spoly evidently deep in thought
	layer_12: then he began to walk up and down sfoly evidently deep in thought

file: 8254-84205-0053.flac
expected: there he said i've made up my mind
	layer_2: theere he said is made of ly mne
	layer_4: there he said aas mat of li min
	layer_6: there he said as made of ly min
	layer_8: there he said as made of my mind
	layer_10: there he said as made up my mind
	layer_12: there he said as made up my mind

file: 8254-84205-0054.flac
expected: it is very evident that we may wait here till our stores are exhausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_2: ait is mery evedint thut wu ma wyat heor tar stors ikx tohed and be as far ouf thor pretone do lys sec osevern
	layer_4: it is nery evidant that we me wat he hr tare stors ik osbed and be as far ofthur petuido we sec as evern
	layer_6: it is merry evident that we may wait here chor sthors ae osbed and be as far off tho r peotunido we seek us evern
	layer_8: it is mery evident that we may wait here to our storeas a exhausped and be as far off tho orpportunity we seek as ever
	layer_10: it is very evident that we may wait here to or stores ar eausted and be as far off te opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_12: it is very evident that we may wait here to our stores ar exhausted and be as far off to opportunity we seek as ever

file: 8254-84205-0055.flac
expected: the indians can wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_2: tht endans celit wecalnnot and hasetinms onoit
	layer_4: that ind ians calwait we cannot and tbaceem so noit
	layer_6: the indians callwite we can not and thay seeme to know it
	layer_8: the indians ca wet we cannot and they seeme to know it
	layer_10: the indians cawat we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_12: the indians cawat we cannot and they seem to know it

file: 8254-84205-0056.flac
expected: going to give up young chris's plan said griggs slowly
	layer_2: ghontogive ut yungtrices pn at peixspllly
	layer_4: gho in to give up youngtrices plin fit pea xpelly
	layer_6: going to give up youngcrises plind itpi ixpeuwy
	layer_8: going to give up young cric's plan fitbixpewa
	layer_10: going to give up young cris's plan fitpix pelway
	layer_12: going to give up young cris's plan fit pix peway

file: 8254-84205-0057.flac
expected: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night
	layer_2: no an goned to pul in fors olu wense we stort to nat
	layer_4: no um gon do put nfors ou wonce we stot to nagnt
	layer_6: no 'm go to put nforce ou one we stot to night
	layer_8: no i'm going to put itinforce au once we stote to night
	layer_10: no i'm going to put i inforce ot once we starte to night
	layer_12: no i'm going to put i inforce at once we starte to night

file: 8254-84205-0058.flac
expected: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_2: he a the sam wecombe nan upepritions
	layer_4: toe al ther same we combe naking u pepriations
	layer_6: ut alther sam we can be making o peprations
	layer_8: but all the sam we can be making up preparations
	layer_10: fur all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_12: fur all the same we can be making our preparations

file: 8254-84205-0059.flac
expected: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle
	layer_2: the bere ws comefor thed wlater and eve ens poutl
	layer_4: the barls com efodood wader and every enesboto
	layer_6: the barls com befod wid water and every one espotow
	layer_8: the barrels cam be fod wit water and everyone's bottow
	layer_10: the barrels can be filed with water and everyone's boto
	layer_12: the barrels can be filed with water and every one's boto

file: 8254-84205-0060.flac
expected: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_2: litions con e pat tein oa walts efat oeoi ting hol ready foer strt
	layer_4: prlitions con e pact tin ow wallits efat ea ryhthing hewl ready for start
	layer_6: povisions can be packd in ou wallas hfat everything helready for a start
	layer_8: provisions can be packed ing our walles th fact erything hel ready for a start
	layer_10: provisions can be packed in our walles e fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_12: provisions can be packed in our walles te fact everything held ready for a start

file: 8254-84205-0061.flac
expected: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_2: fainl ly joset thes the anan mos conbu dro vinens wof f den waerand
	layer_4: farnely jset thusk the amos com bedrivinene wr fodher water and
	layer_6: firnaly jecset tusk the animos combejrividence wore fouder waterd and
	layer_8: firnally juset tusk the animas can be drividencs wore food ern water and
	layer_10: finally jeset dusk the animas can be drividins or food and water and
	layer_12: finally jeset dusk the animas can be drividins for food and water and

file: 8254-84205-0062.flac
expected: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_2: i xacclts re pli the docter
	layer_4: ecacklites reple the docter
	layer_6: exacles repli the doctur
	layer_8: exactles replied the doctor
	layer_10: exactly as replied the doctor
	layer_12: exactly as replied the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0063.flac
expected: but before any more is said griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_2: but be for angy more segee il at to off oute opr tinity e o grobac
	layer_4: but be for any more e seittgrix o at to offeyou the rpprtnutygerdruback
	layer_6: but before any more a seti grigs i wagt o offelr you the opprtunitygo dro back
	layer_8: but before any more as set grigs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_10: but before any more eset grigs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_12: but before any more aset grigs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back

file: 8254-84205-0064.flac
expected: what for said griggs sharply
	layer_2: wit for si goov shepling
	layer_4: wilt for saigove strpling
	layer_6: wil for saidgove trepling
	layer_8: whil for said glovh traupling
	layer_10: will for said guph carpling
	layer_12: will for said guv carpling

file: 8254-84205-0065.flac
expected: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_2: non a bit of it sar and goun to ticare thed ot hitming
	layer_4: lot a bit of it sir a'md goon do takcare thed ot hit ming
	layer_6: not a bit of it sir i'm goon' tod take are the ont hitmeng
	layer_8: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take are they don't hit me
	layer_10: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take carei they don't hit me
	layer_12: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take carei they don't hit me

file: 8254-84205-0066.flac
expected: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the redskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_2: ind wing the do ve bite to caryout yun prisis pamn a shuld up the reus can for e crtor pralse mon all bre gat ritawy
	layer_4: i'd men to do a bit to caryout young crisis plamn as should upe the resin for ol wegrato prapsomonth will we get right away
	layer_6: i weng tod do a bit to carr y out young chrise's plan as shud up the reskon for a wekra to praps a month whill we get right away
	layer_8: i mang to do a bit to carry out young chric's plan a shut up the reskin for a week or to perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_10: i mean to do a bit to carry out young christ's plan id shut up the reskine for a wek or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_12: i mean to do a bit to carry out young christ's plan and shut up the reskin for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away

file: 8254-84205-0067.flac
expected: there is a horrible side to it griggs
	layer_2: thers the forbe sitot geke
	layer_4: the s the horble situat gg
	layer_6: there is the horble situite gigs
	layer_8: there is the horible siuc bgs
	layer_10: there is tha horrible si gigs
	layer_12: there is ha horrible situt grigs

file: 8254-84205-0068.flac
expected: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_2: wouth beas e let then gid the betterf as er
	layer_4: whut be os we let then git the beterfas ser
	layer_6: wutd be as we let them git the betterfaus sir
	layer_8: would be if we let them get the betterfus sir
	layer_10: would be if we let them get the better f us sir
	layer_12: would be if we let them get the better of us sir

file: 8254-84205-0069.flac
expected: you mean the shutting up the enemy here to starve
	layer_2: ou men the shuving opt the anie er distarvs
	layer_4: you mean the shuving up the an aeeured distars
	layer_6: ou mean the sheving up the eney heur distars
	layer_8: you mean the sheving up the enemy here ti stars
	layer_10: you mean the sheving up the enemy here destars
	layer_12: you mean the shoving up the enemy here distars

file: 8254-84205-0070.flac
expected: ejaculated griggs so sharply that the boys started serve em right if they did sir
	layer_2: he jacoleate crangs so shubply v of the boisdurtendt sirvsem ri ofe pe died er
	layer_4: e gjack laticrigs so sharply of the boiy edartedt sirsn right of be did sir
	layer_6: e jaclat e crigs so sharbly tof the boycs darted srsm righ ove be did sir
	layer_8: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started sysm righ ive bi did sir
	layer_10: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started sirsm right if the did sir
	layer_12: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boy started sirsam right if the did sir

file: 8254-84205-0071.flac
expected: what business have they to want our scalps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_2: whet bisenshave they to onerscal bot ethionon shed the mut tistirt
	layer_4: what bisance hav they to woneer scof wit we thion at shet the mup dos tarve
	layer_6: what busencs havd they do waneor sculps whut we shiuln hat shet themup istars
	layer_8: what busins have they to wan or sculps but we should hat shut them up to starv
	layer_10: what business have they to wan or sculps but we should h't shut them up to starv
	layer_12: what business have they to wan or sculps but we should n't shut them up to starv

file: 8254-84205-0072.flac
expected: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a week
	layer_2: thet have wiaes of wort e for he col get their horsoes aup thot withthaw horses fyd be out in h wak
	layer_4: thet have weaks of work be fore the could get their horsees ut thet withou horses bi be out in the wak
	layer_6: they d have weeks of work before the could get their horses out thut without horses thy be out in ha wak
	layer_8: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out bhut without horses they be out in awake
	layer_10: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake
	layer_12: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake

file: 8254-84205-0073.flac
expected: starve nonsense
	layer_2: stard non sene
	layer_4: star nont sent
	layer_6: star not sent
	layer_8: star non sense
	layer_10: star nonense
	layer_12: starv nonsense

file: 8254-84205-0074.flac
expected: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen
	layer_2: but ther i do at omexspeeachines ai stat fedtloe den timen
	layer_4: but there i don at o mexpechnes at sous fedtle gintomen
	layer_6: but there i dont want o mexpeethes its aws ettle genteman
	layer_8: but there i don't want to make peechees it's al  settle gentleman
	layer_10: but there i don't want to make spechees it's all settle gentlemen
	layer_12: but there i don't want to make speechees it's all settle gentlemen

file: 8254-84205-0075.flac
expected: but you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off
	layer_2: w yus got to ta the lakat with comnoh
	layer_4: wut yous go o te the lookot wits comeng ofh
	layer_6: we  use god to te the look out wits coming off
	layer_8: whet  youve got to tethe look out what's coming off
	layer_10: whe ou got to tel the look out what's coming off
	layer_12: whe youve got to tel the look out what's coming off

file: 8254-84205-0076.flac
expected: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful indian scout that there is something on the way
	layer_2: now ove orne un esand tha e aus tor be rody withat shon any wash fo andins gautha ther some thing on the wie
	layer_4: now every wone undrsand that hee aus to be redy withat shole any wash for ainddincsgout that ther something on the wai
	layer_6: now every one understand that he is fold be ready withtat shlle any wash fur indincegout that ther 's something on the wad
	layer_8: now everyone understand that he is tod be ready withot shallniyg any washful inddinsegout that the is something on the way
	layer_10: now everyone understand that he is to be ready without shalling any watchful and dinsecout that there is something on the way
	layer_12: now everyone understand that he is to be ready without shalling any watchful and dinscout that there is something on the way

file: 4515-11057-0000.flac
expected: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_2: yet si strom was th afvectpon him of comtanpliting a lage fartinon that in despit orsn endesar he livet in eger expect tation of the wored which should mykm rich
	layer_4: yetso stron was the afectopon him of conten pligting a lage fortinon that indespigte of arasan andesiar he lived in egaer expec tation of the word which should my eim rich
	layer_6: yet so stron was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunune that in dispite of areason and desire he lived in eigar expectation of the word which should ma ehim rich
	layer_8: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_10: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_12: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich

file: 4515-11057-0001.flac
expected: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_2: aptof theatinpression was dut fhe  ingagement whih he must nou ful fil
	layer_4: apart of that imprssion was ju to teg in gagement which he must nortful fel
	layer_6: a part of that impression was duweto the ingagement which he must nowful fel
	layer_8: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfele
	layer_10: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_12: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfill

file: 4515-11057-0002.flac
expected: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_2: to shafllaut of thisjut a would mik him to eg nible eveen in his ie ise
	layer_4: to sharfulout of thisjute woud myike himtoo icgnoble evan in his on ie
	layer_6: to shuthl out of this duty would make him to ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_8: to shuffl out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_10: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_12: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes

file: 4515-11057-0003.flac
expected: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_2: becals in his sellled ds he dalyd withe gld who ou had indad many chos stevpistap phe had come to the nasesetiy of saccrfarsing his prosmeks to that rar atatment
	layer_4: becals in his sellod das he dallyd with a gild whoh had en dead many choms step bystep he had come to the necessity of sacrifaseing his prospixs to that ra atatchment
	layer_6: because in his sallod daiys he dallied with a girl who had indeed many chams step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospecs to that ra attachment
	layer_8: because in his sallod days he dalied with a girl who had indeed many charms stepe by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_10: because in his sallad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment
	layer_12: because in his sallad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment

file: 4515-11057-0004.flac
expected: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park
	layer_2: ible to think offork he lefe the hou sond wonbed pllimally about ragincs pok
	layer_4: in ible to think of werk he lef the hou seon wonded plumilly about reagienspok
	layer_6: un abled to think of work he left the house and wonderd blumily about reagen'es parck
	layer_8: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered bloomily about regnspark
	layer_10: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regentspark
	layer_12: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regens park

file: 4515-11057-0005.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fate's instrument
	layer_2: he shelt himself illd yust bi destoniy a vhefalr bire mori ad h wasfihts intstromnut
	layer_4: he helt himself il usdo by destiney a therfolr by marrinad ho was fights instronmut
	layer_6: he sheltd himself il used by destiny a therefore by marian who was fat's instrmat
	layer_8: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marrian who was fates instrument
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marria who was fate's instrument
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marriad who was fate's instrument

file: 4515-11057-0006.flac
expected: he wrote to marian
	layer_2: he rit to ong
	layer_4: he rote to moing n
	layer_6: he wropte to mowinm
	layer_8: he wrote to marin him
	layer_10: he wrote to marym
	layer_12: he wrote to maryim

file: 4515-11057-0007.flac
expected: will you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_2: wil you let le hear o com an seeing
	layer_4: with you let le her out comend seemig
	layer_6: weth you let me her or coman seemig
	layer_8: wiere you let me here or come and see meg
	layer_10: will you let me here or come and see me
	layer_12: will you let me heare or come and see me

file: 4515-11057-0008.flac
expected: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kill himself
	layer_2: i skrsly thord af biffen has miteyto ciml himself
	layer_4: i scarsly thought hafe beifin as lihely to ckim himself
	layer_6: i scarcely thought havf befen as lighktly to kil himself
	layer_8: i scarcely thought of beffin as likely to kill himself
	layer_10: i scarcely thought of beffin as likely to kill himself
	layer_12: i scarcely thought of beffin as likely to kill himself

file: 4515-11057-0009.flac
expected: but why the deuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_2: but y then che sti he go ote y hout th
	layer_4: but wythe jhiu s t id he go al the y  hout the
	layer_6: but way the jucs tid he gon all the wayy out ther
	layer_8: but why the juce did he go all the way out there
	layer_10: but why the juce did he go all the way out there
	layer_12: but why the uce did he go all the way out there

file: 4515-11057-0010.flac
expected: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_2: i hi t wud pre me so ens
	layer_4: i hite would br me sons
	layer_6: i hop ou would brime some us
	layer_8: i hoped he would bring me some news
	layer_10: i hoped he would bring me some news
	layer_12: i hoped he would bring me some news

file: 4515-11057-0011.flac
expected: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_2: pavtherte yoi can im ly suppe
	layer_4: potety yoi cannom ly surpoe
	layer_6: povert yi can only supose
	layer_8: povert  i can only suppose
	layer_10: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_12: poverty i can only suppose

file: 4515-11057-0012.flac
expected: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_2: but ibwill seee wokeda i hand comecrosbitn fora  lone ti
	layer_4: but i will see welke dow i hadn comeacros bifen for anlon ti
	layer_6: but i will see welpe dow i hadn't come acros biffen for a long time
	layer_8: but i will see welpdow i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_10: but i will see welp daw i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_12: but i will see welp daw i hadn't come across biffon for a long time

file: 4515-11057-0013.flac
expected: was he still so very poor
	layer_2: as he stilmsei nowry p
	layer_4: wias he sti sov mary po
	layer_6: whils he still so mary po
	layer_8: whilst he still so marry poor
	layer_10: whilst he still so mery poor
	layer_12: whilst he still so mery poor

file: 4515-11057-0014.flac
expected: asked amy compassionately
	layer_2: ast amyd cimbpasionoily
	layer_4: ast amy compassion ofly
	layer_6: asked amy compassionifely
	layer_8: aked amy compassionavely
	layer_10: asked amy compassionately
	layer_12: asked amy compassionately

file: 4515-11057-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_2: i mafrihe s his book filet atnl
	layer_4: imafragde so his bok fald utonl
	layer_6: i' m afraid so his book faild uttely
	layer_8: i 'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_10: i 'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_12: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly

file: 4515-11057-0016.flac
expected: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_2: ifo had an maten him stil in suche doe stresse sharlly  mihtevfd on sumtheng to herpo
	layer_4: o iffoi had am magind him still in suche destress sally i miht hoved un something to helrpem
	layer_6: o if i had amagined him still in such distress surely i might have don something to help him
	layer_8: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_10: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_12: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him

file: 4515-11057-0017.flac
expected: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_2: pu chance his detwas import atfribitible to hat hopl slof
	layer_4: purchaince his deth was impart atribitible to that hopleslove
	layer_6: perchaince his death was impart atributable to that hopless love
	layer_8: perchance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_10: per chance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_12: per chance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love

file: 4515-11057-0018.flac
expected: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_2: he s hentme a copyof his norl she sand and a so in oncrt wiy saufeto ther
	layer_4: he sent me ad copy of his novl she saind and i so him oncel towi saf to ther
	layer_6: he sent me a copy of his novl she saied and i saw him onceor to isafter that
	layer_8: he sent me a copy of his novel she seened and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_10: he sent me a copy of his novel she seeied and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_12: he sent me a copy of his novel she seeed and i saw him once or twice after that

file: 4515-11057-0019.flac
expected: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_2: have eng thes sujenc to conversiponm pout the ee ware quicply a esed thand could otherwes hof bing the cice
	layer_4: haveng theis subjec to convirsipom put the too male quictly at es thand could othe waise have being the cace
	layer_6: having this subject to convercupon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have beeng the case
	layer_8: having this subject tat converse upon put the to more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_10: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_12: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case

file: 4515-11057-0020.flac
expected: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women
	layer_2: i me mint take ar formest plise o o brildly winend
	layer_4: i me mignto take ar formost plice a mon breildy witnen
	layer_6: a me minto take a formost place among brild im wimen
	layer_8: amy mige to take a formost place among brildem women
	layer_10: amy migt take a foremost place among briliant women
	layer_12: ami migt take a foremost place among brilliant women

file: 4515-11057-0021.flac
expected: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_2: aspishlly nouthat here fathe his trecne with bloineness
	layer_4: aspicialy now that her far the ris threcnd with blowinness
	layer_6: aspecially now that her fa ther is threed with blowinness
	layer_8: especially now that her father is threated with blaindness
	layer_10: especially now that her father is threatened with bliindness
	layer_12: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness

file: 4515-11057-0022.flac
expected: is it so serious
	layer_2: is it soserous
	layer_4: is itsoserious
	layer_6: is it soecerious
	layer_8: is it som serious
	layer_10: is it so serious
	layer_12: is it so serious

file: 4515-11057-0023.flac
expected: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_2: evean if misto gule recovas his sid at is notrt ol larcling that he wil pe avewled to wer hasbe fo
	layer_4: eve en hif misto gu recoves his sigd it is noteed all liklyg that he will be alile to wor pas befor
	layer_6: even if mister yourl recover's his sigdt it is not at all likely that who will be abled to work us before
	layer_8: even if mister yur recovers his sighde it is not at all likely that whe will be able to work as before
	layer_10: even if mister ul recovers his sight it is not at all likely that whe will be able to work as before
	layer_12: even if mister eu recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before

file: 4515-11057-0024.flac
expected: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_2: and difacuifys a s grife theat
	layer_4: and difficulfis a so grave that
	layer_6: ad difficuuftis a so grave that
	layer_8: aun difficulties are so grave that
	layer_10: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_12: our difficulties are so grave that

file: 4515-11057-0025.flac
expected: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_2: hecst and lae his hnd fi ol desbodetly
	layer_4: he pasd and lat his hand fil disbondenly
	layer_6: he pased and let his haned fil dispondently
	layer_8: he paused and let his hand fial despondently
	layer_10: he paused and let his hand fial despondently
	layer_12: he paused and let his hand fial despondently

file: 4515-11057-0026.flac
expected: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_2: i have a gould dal of weilld you r member ad whart iy hofe set my mi dapholn nodeut i shal some di achaf
	layer_4: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i av setmy my depom no dout i shel some da achave
	layer_6: i have a good deal of whill you remembr and what i have set my midupon no dout i shall some daya chieve
	layer_8: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achiefe
	layer_10: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achiefe
	layer_12: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achiefe

file: 4515-11057-0027.flac
expected: there was silence
	layer_2: fee was sias
	layer_4: there was solencs
	layer_6: there wers solencs
	layer_8: there wars silence
	layer_10: there was silence
	layer_12: there was silence

file: 4515-11057-0028.flac
expected: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_2: the las tre eos hicintimuened have mit no sliht tiffernt sid my pasition
	layer_4: the las thre yets hikentinud have maht no slihte differns in my position
	layer_6: thegh last three yeas he continued have mahte kno slight difference in my position
	layer_8: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_10: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_12: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position

file: 4515-11057-0029.flac
expected: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_2: recol wer i stoud wanyu fest y
	layer_4: recol were i stood when you firs ume
	layer_6: recol where i stood when you firset na me
	layer_8: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_10: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_12: recall where i stood when you first knew me

file: 4515-11057-0030.flac
expected: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_2: just nat wim my nadif a liiling corichant
	layer_4: jus nat wi a menad iof a liful ing corithment
	layer_6: just nao i a ined of a litl incorrathment
	layer_8: just now i am a need of a little encouragment
	layer_10: just now i am i need of a little encouragement
	layer_12: just now i am i need of a little encouragement

file: 4515-11057-0031.flac
expected: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_2: yoe dut nitus any foling of five moborcreacsoenly
	layer_4: you dont notous any falling o id mybor crecently
	layer_6: you don't notoce any falling off immy wor reacently
	layer_8: you don't notic any faling off in my work recently
	layer_10: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_12: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently

file: 4515-11057-0032.flac
expected: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_2: di you s myfhings in the carnt and so genrally
	layer_4: di yous seae y hings in the carnt and so o genraly
	layer_6: do you see my things in the carent and so on generally
	layer_8: do you see my things in the curent and so on generally
	layer_10: do you see my things in the curent and so on generally
	layer_12: do you see my things in the current and so on generally

file: 4515-11057-0033.flac
expected: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_2: sometinm i televor heave te tetiung win theig was ni sicinchur
	layer_4: sometims it beleve or have detecteg u wene they was noe sicnicur
	layer_6: sometimes iht believe i have detected you when there was no signatur
	layer_8: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_10: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_12: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature

file: 4515-11057-0034.flac
expected: her story in that girls paper has attracted attention
	layer_2: hr storing  meat gls pipr has a tracto tetanction
	layer_4: he storing un mat gils pypa has a tracted atantion
	layer_6: her storing i tat girl's pape has attracted attention
	layer_8: her storyng in that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_10: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_12: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention

file: 4515-11057-0035.flac
expected: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_2: and i could so easly pootert rest ir rounsing o clime a onher
	layer_4: and i could so esily puter rest iy renounsing al claime a pon her
	layer_6: and i could so easily put her a rest by renouncing all clame upon her
	layer_8: and i could so easily put her a rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_10: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_12: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her

file: 4515-11057-0036.flac
expected: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_2: y simaise thet that yu yoo self would ar si bepud r ret by such o decation
	layer_4: y sormiys thit that yu your self would al si be poud ea rest by such o decesion
	layer_6: y sumis that that you yourself would also be put e rest by such a dicision
	layer_8: i sumize that that you yourself would also be put a rest by such a decision
	layer_10: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_12: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision

file: 4515-11057-0037.flac
expected: don't look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_2: jimt lokadt ma withthat o ronical sma heplted
	layer_4: jne olok at me withthat aironical smo he pladed
	layer_6: jong wlook at me withthat i ronical smil he pladed
	layer_8: jon' look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_10: jon look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_12: jon look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded

file: 4515-11057-0038.flac
expected: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_2: i oumn gor by aut the claaring thae i has haerakaen in aning oeyn i mspe kntain forpaplto jucney acording to vaidis posisio and juchmens u pricy sal to beoun faifrpbl what cani do
	layer_4: i counet go a beout the claring thad i as harbrokan in anin o en i musbe contant for paple to jugh my a colrding to be dispoision and judgmence o pricy sul to be ound farbl what cani do
	layer_6: i couldn't go about the claring that i was har broken in any of en i must be content for people to judg me according to beir disposition and judghments a prety shure to be yun faverable what can i do
	layer_8: i couldn't go about declaring that i was hart brooken in any event i must be contemt for people to judg me according to theair disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_10: i couldn't go about declaring that i was hart broken in any event i must be contenpt for people to judg me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_12: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart broken in any event i must be contenpt for people to judg me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do

file: 4515-11057-0039.flac
expected: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_2: the cachis tu dlli cit i fyur four my ad ts
	layer_4: the cacis t delliccet i fiar fo moy ad vie
	layer_6: the casis to delicat i fear for my advice
	layer_8: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_10: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_12: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice

file: 4515-11057-0040.flac
expected: well i'll go back to my scribbling
	layer_2: we all ge becto me scriply
	layer_4: wel all gar becto mye scriply
	layer_6: well i'l go bac to my scriply
	layer_8: well i'l go back to my scriply
	layer_10: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_12: well i'll go back to my scribly

file: 4515-11057-0041.flac
expected: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_2: a gan jas pthe helte wit sof tand for ressupprvl ous minnd
	layer_4: a gan jes ber held the wit sotand for asuppervfloeeus mommant
	layer_6: again jasbeheld the white sovteaind for a supervflaous moment
	layer_8: again jasbeheld the white sovfteine for a superfluous moment
	layer_10: again jasper held the white soften for a superfluous moment
	layer_12: again jasper held the white soften for a superflouous moment

file: 4515-11057-0042.flac
expected: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_2: y frsuch fealengs he repouchet inself and the repoich mind hin angry
	layer_4: yet forsuch felings he reprouched himself and the repoch mand him angry
	layer_6: yet for such fielings he reproached himself and the reprooach maiede him angry
	layer_8: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_10: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_12: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry

file: 4515-11057-0043.flac
expected: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_2: maian could noma stake lh r of resle s trubl one her companin sl if countnents
	layer_4: marien could notnme stake thy ar of ressles truble on her companon snuve countnence
	layer_6: marrian could not mestake the air of resless trouble on her companion smove countnence
	layer_8: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smovh countenance
	layer_10: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smothe countenance
	layer_12: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smoothe countenance

file: 4515-11057-0044.flac
expected: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she had approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_2: he had de voingd thuat thar was su grareas on for thi somens and the panting with whic she a prarchd was harfh ors br hy encious pitsof er hart
	layer_4: che had devoingd that theyr was som grav reason for his sumence and the panting with which she approched was haf cased b the enctiouspeas of her hart
	layer_6: she had devined that there was son grave reason for this sumoncs and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anctiousbeats of her heart
	layer_8: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this sumons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beas of her heart
	layer_10: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_12: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart

file: 4515-11057-0045.flac
expected: he began abruptly
	layer_2: he began af broty
	layer_4: he began of brotly
	layer_6: he began af broktly
	layer_8: he began abrotly
	layer_10: he began abruptly
	layer_12: he began abruptly

file: 4515-11057-0046.flac
expected: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_2: he ge hr suchtia tolsas he ha of tind then aded
	layer_4: he gave her suche de tous as he had of taint bhen aded
	layer_6: he gave her such detows as he had oftaint bhen added
	layer_8: he gave her such details as he had obtaind then added
	layer_10: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_12: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added

file: 4515-11057-0047.flac
expected: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_2: ther to of mi k ampenins fold on in the batle
	layer_4: there a two of mikeampanens fol n in the battl
	layer_6: there ae two of mykcompanions fall and in the battle
	layer_8: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_10: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_12: thereware two of my companions fallen in the battle

file: 4515-11057-0048.flac
expected: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what
	layer_2: by ort think my self a lackny fely maring wart
	layer_4: i orhto think my self a lockiny felli marings wat
	layer_6: i ought to think myself a lucky felli mari wat
	layer_8: i ought to think myself a lucky feli marri what
	layer_10: i ought to think myself a lucky fell marri what
	layer_12: i ought to think myself a lucky fello marri what

file: 4515-11057-0049.flac
expected: you are better fitted to fight your way jasper
	layer_2: you wa bet ar fiten to fit youae wi jhesper
	layer_4: you oa bet e fiten to fite you l wa jesber
	layer_6: you wae better fitten to fight your way jasper
	layer_8: you ware better fitte to fight your way jaspe
	layer_10: you wre better fitten to fight your way jasper
	layer_12: you were better fitten to fight your way jasper

file: 4515-11057-0050.flac
expected: more of a brute you mean
	layer_2: mre of a gretee
	layer_4: more of the bre i e
	layer_6: more of the breet inen
	layer_8: more of the breet enee
	layer_10: more of the breit e
	layer_12: more of the brik ee

file: 4515-11057-0051.flac
expected: you know very well i don't
	layer_2: e i now vereng wel i tit
	layer_4: e a now  ferin well i dint
	layer_6: he ar know very well i donet
	layer_8: he kno very well i don't
	layer_10: o know very well i don't
	layer_12: ye know very well i don't

file: 4515-11057-0052.flac
expected: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_2: i have migd of my mind bey out arrefus hee wintrm presitl
	layer_4: i have maghd ove my mined a yut aorefers he wain torm presenttly
	layer_6: i have made ue my mind about arafiars he wentorm presently
	layer_8: i have made up my mind about air rafars he went om presently
	layer_10: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_12: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently

file: 4515-11057-0053.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: ges
	layer_4: ges
	layer_6: ges
	layer_8: ges
	layer_10: ges
	layer_12: ges

file: 4515-11057-0054.flac
expected: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_2: wil you maryy and dltus tiketchans
	layer_4: wil you marrymy an lect us tie et chanes
	layer_6: will you marrime and let us tae er chans
	layer_8: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_10: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_12: will you marry me and let us take your chance

file: 4515-11057-0055.flac
expected: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_2: yoiffl glself indispencsiblty a fatherapresent
	layer_4: youfel youlself indispencsible tyoa farther a present
	layer_6: you feel ourself indispensible to your father at present
	layer_8: you feel yourself indispensible to your father at present
	layer_10: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_12: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present

file: 4515-11057-0056.flac
expected: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_2: i shuld be sole frid of the afectpon his helft jespe
	layer_4: i should be so frigde of the afect opon his helf jesper
	layer_6: i should be so  fright of the effect upon his health jaspar
	layer_8: i should be so afright of the effect upon his health jaspe
	layer_10: i should be so afrid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_12: i should be so afrigd of the effect upon his health jasper

file: 4515-11057-0057.flac
expected: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_2: she  aset and lokt oupert hin turting i
	layer_4: she ast and looked apet hin tuchinla
	layer_6: she prased and looked upat hin tuchingey
	layer_8: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_10: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_12: she paused and looked up at him touchingly

file: 4515-11057-0058.flac
expected: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind
	layer_2: te ye i coat felit wuld bemmy juty tor naou she becus my farther had be com blit
	layer_4: to yer i count fel it would bem y juty to rnountse he becus my father had become bloit
	layer_6: dea i can't fel it would be my duty to rnouce hu because my father had become blid
	layer_8: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become bligd
	layer_10: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become bligd
	layer_12: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blid

file: 4515-11057-0059.flac
expected: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_2: has ne thing acertoyou
	layer_4: has one thing acur to you
	layer_6: as one thing accure to you
	layer_8: has one thing occured to you
	layer_10: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_12: has one thing occurred to you

file: 4515-11057-0060.flac
expected: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus milvain
	layer_2: whil he colnd saimnt to re s forna lyonts for aperson whous nme is misus nofi
	layer_4: will he cold semt to reseeve in a loncs foro aperson whose name is misses nlvy
	layer_6: will he could semt to receive in alunce from a person whose name is missus nalva
	layer_8: will he cond sent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nolvan
	layer_10: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvan
	layer_12: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvan

file: 4515-11057-0061.flac
expected: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_2: anda f y ostonent ly rerfses what thei wort his berfor him
	layer_4: and if he ogstonatly reuses what thn what his before hm
	layer_6: and if he obstinetly refuses what then what his before him
	layer_8: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_10: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_12: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him

file: 4515-11057-0062.flac
expected: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_2: she lis on the anhusy and dreflected
	layer_4: she lisan the ancciusly and dreflected
	layer_6: she listenethe anxiously and reflected
	layer_8: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_10: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_12: she listened anxiously and reflected

file: 4515-11057-0063.flac
expected: as i have said there is the very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_2: as o have sid there was a very serius tolt wheit they o fathe would ex sect mony forbu wen you wll mo wifh
	layer_4: as o have sind there is a very serious dout whereh he or fal the would except mony for beu when you irl mo wif
	layer_6: as i have send there is a very serious dou where the yor father would except money for byouw when you wile moy wife
	layer_8: as i have send there is a very serious doubt wheer your father would accept money fror you when you are my wife
	layer_10: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you ware my wife
	layer_12: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you were my wife

file: 4515-11057-0064.flac
expected: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_2: if hisn yar falt mowrian and wel thin theys oly on thinkg to do
	layer_4: it hisa't yoourefolt mowien and werl then theis only one thing to do
	layer_6: it isn't your foult marian and well then thei's only one thing to do
	layer_8: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_10: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_12: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do

file: 4515-11057-0065.flac
expected: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_2: ixcepet jesper than if father is helles i msfine rants of fae shlring hi supard
	layer_4: excarped jesper that i father his helples i mus fie means of a suring his suppot
	layer_6: exceped jasper that hi father is helpless i mus fine mans of asuring his support
	layer_8: except jaspe that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_10: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_12: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support

file: 4515-11057-0066.flac
expected: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_2: di yihinthen insemoutible
	layer_4: diothin them in semoutible
	layer_6: do you think them insomoutible
	layer_8: do you think them insumountable
	layer_10: do you think them insumountable
	layer_12: do you think them insumountable

file: 4515-11057-0067.flac
expected: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_2: that his jus wor ee dosit i his hingposible mow yu shall have the plintrt
	layer_4: that his jus woe h ve desied et his in possible mouine yu shall haver the plain trith
	layer_6: that is just wat heo have desidat his impossible mainon you shal have the plain truth
	layer_8: that is just what h have decided is impossible mran you shall have the plain truth
	layer_10: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_12: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth

file: 4515-11057-0068.flac
expected: i don't trust myself
	layer_2: i drnt trust my sel
	layer_4: i dont trst my sel
	layer_6: i don't trust myself
	layer_8: i don't trust my self
	layer_10: i don't trust myself
	layer_12: i don't trust myself

file: 4515-11057-0069.flac
expected: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_2: but shold y fes thom wellynyn
	layer_4: but shel o fas th willingly
	layer_6: but shall yo faced them willingly
	layer_8: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_10: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_12: but shall you face them willingly

file: 4515-11057-0070.flac
expected: put up your umbrella marian
	layer_2: pl hup p u rum brollof marrind
	layer_4: poult hap yu run broll of marian
	layer_6: pult hup yu run bro af marian
	layer_8: pult up u rumbrella marian
	layer_10: pull up erombrilla marian
	layer_12: pult up yerambrilla marian

file: 4515-11057-0071.flac
expected: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_2: whatk doi ga afor  troporin shexclined with passion ant sidness wen ol mon mife is i stak ho mitoon bestantyo
	layer_4: what do i care for a ropporin shexglained with passionat saidness when al moe life is u stak ho  mig to on der stant you
	layer_6: what do i care fo a dropp of rain she exclaimed with passionat sadness when all wy life is a stake how  my to understand you
	layer_8: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_10: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_12: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you

file: 4515-11057-0072.flac
expected: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_2: every wory spcinting tanded to his harenmng
	layer_4: every wordyou speke cseemsingtenden to dhis harti meg
	layer_6: every word yu speak seems intenden to this hartnd my
	layer_8: every word you speak seems intendent to dis hearten me
	layer_10: every word you speak seems intended to disheartene me
	layer_12: every word you speak seems intended to disheartene me

file: 4515-11057-0073.flac
expected: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_2: wy nehu con seale ifthat hise the trth
	layer_4: wiye nea u consealit ifthat is the trth
	layer_6: why neg you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_8: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_10: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_12: why need you conceal it if that is the truth

file: 4515-11057-0074.flac
expected: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_2: is that what ouw by singyou distrous tu sel
	layer_4: is that what youe by saing you distrost i sol
	layer_6: is that what you me by sying you distrus yolself
	layer_8: is that what you mea by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_10: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_12: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself

file: 4515-11057-0075.flac
expected: we must see each other again marian
	layer_2: whe mo se chauthe rega maringo
	layer_4: we mu see cho the regee mari e
	layer_6: we must seechotherega maria
	layer_8: we must seeach othe ageaed maria
	layer_10: we must see each other again maria
	layer_12: we must see each other agi maria

file: 4515-11057-0076.flac
expected: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_2: how mi tlliv and aiy in such un sitntustyse
	layer_4: howmy tlliife and ai in such unsirtintasthics
	layer_6: how mi tolive an onr in such uncertainty as this
	layer_8: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_10: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_12: how am i to liveo an hour in such uncertainty as this

file: 4515-11057-0077.flac
expected: i do wish it
	layer_2: i d wiset
	layer_4: i dowishiet
	layer_6: i do wish itd
	layer_8: i do wish it
	layer_10: i do wish it
	layer_12: i do wish it

file: 4515-11057-0078.flac
expected: her emotion had an effect upon him and his voice trembled
	layer_2: he amsion hade ne fecdon hig and heis bois trembled
	layer_4: he amotion hadnefec don hm and his vois trembled
	layer_6: herimotion had an afectd on him and his voice trembled
	layer_8: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_10: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_12: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled

file: 4515-11057-0079.flac
expected: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_2: ther is niy natral lor th et  chal should sof randet ehrthing for hear parencs
	layer_4: there is noynatura lo that to chade should sorende emrything for her parence
	layer_6: there is no natura lar that ha chale should surendo everything for her parance
	layer_8: there is no naturlal law that a child should surrender everything for her parence
	layer_10: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_12: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents

file: 4515-11057-0080.flac
expected: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_2: yi nr se much morf the bwol then ide cr tu id fisming
	layer_4: yunoo soe much more of the wold dan i de cantu ad fisemen
	layer_6: you knowo so much more of the world dhand i do cantu advie me
	layer_8: you know so much more of the world than i do can't ou advisce me
	layer_10: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_12: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me

file: 4515-11057-0081.flac
expected: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_2: es thaee no wy of provoiding fro my foothr
	layer_4: is they no why ovf provoiding for my foothe
	layer_6: is the kno way of provoiding for my faother
	layer_8: is there no way of provoiding for my faother
	layer_10: is there no way of provoiding for my faather
	layer_12: is there no way of provoiding for my father

file: 4515-11057-0082.flac
expected: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_2: godt gt thisis frit ful morigonm ie co stantet
	layer_4: goot gd this is frigte ful marion i can standit
	layer_6: good god this is frighteful marion i cantstand it
	layer_8: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_10: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_12: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it

file: 4515-11057-0083.flac
expected: i will be faithful to you
	layer_2: i wo be fah fl t
	layer_4: i wll be fafeful to o
	layer_6: i will be fateful to you
	layer_8: i will be faithful to you
	layer_10: i will be faithful to you
	layer_12: i will be faithful to you

file: 4515-11057-0084.flac
expected: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_2: he hd maiht o prtencs of holding his om broer ivor her bat mring in trn do wig af ware to wlitll distents and stood binya the sheltr of a grigttri her fase ofrted franpiu
	layer_4: he had maght a protense of holding his om bror iveor her but mari n trndaway and wake to aelitle distents and stoodbenyth the shelter of a grigpte tre her face ofverited fromphm
	layer_6: he had made a protentse of holding his umbroer iver her but mary inturned away and waked to a little distance and stood beneeath the shelter of a great try her face averted from hum
	layer_8: he had made a pretense of holding his umbrower over her but mariin turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a grat tree her face averted from hium
	layer_10: he had made a pretense of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_12: he had made a pretense of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him

file: 4515-11057-0085.flac
expected: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_2: novhi to folly he so the her fri s shak in boy saln lo soping
	layer_4: movito follo he sor theat her frime wa shake en by sonlos sobing
	layer_6: movicto follow he swaw that her fram wa shaken by soundles sobbing
	layer_8: movicto follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundles sobing
	layer_10: movictor follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_12: movictor follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing

file: 4515-11057-0086.flac
expected: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_2: e wat can thabyn mr sofisineus
	layer_4: in wat canther be mo solfitiness
	layer_6: in what can ther be more solfishness
	layer_8: in what can there be more sefishness
	layer_10: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_12: in what can there be more selfishness

file: 4515-11057-0087.flac
expected: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_2: but hi couett sai o orred that wet seen to in fit such misery us this
	layer_4: but ei couldnt say on word that watd seem to in fighte such miserias this
	layer_6: but i couldn't say o word that would seemed to infighte such misery as this
	layer_8: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to infite such misery as this
	layer_10: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_12: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this

file: 4515-11057-0088.flac
expected: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_2: youddourn lofe my jesspe an tats an aind ofe eveeryting
	layer_4: youd dorn love my jesper and thats and and of everything
	layer_6: you don't love me jespa and thats an eind of everything
	layer_8: you don't love me jespa and that's an end of everything
	layer_10: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_12: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything

file: 4515-11057-0089.flac
expected: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_2: hapinessl miserry comto wiss bffit
	layer_4: happinesal miserycome to es byfit
	layer_6: happinesao misery come tous by fit
	layer_8: happiness of misery come to us by fat
	layer_10: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_12: happiness or misery come to us by fate

file: 4515-11057-0090.flac
expected: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_2: isif hin mye port to mite yo rhappy
	layer_4: is if hin my epow to myhe ou happy
	layer_6: is if hin my powe to make you happy
	layer_8: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_10: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_12: is if in my power to make you happy

file: 4515-11057-0091.flac
expected: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_2: bu heive i at sae hou louvft we bo for that i should heavit or liye to remimnb
	layer_4: but hive yen hat satd hu loveed me be fo that i should hav it al wis to re mimbe
	layer_6: but if you had said yoeu loved me before that i should hav it alwis to remember
	layer_8: but if you had said you loved mee before that i should have it alwise to remember
	layer_10: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it alwaise to remember
	layer_12: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it alwaise to remember

file: 4515-11057-0092.flac
expected: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_2: iffi blef any eting i beleaes tht ie didloff i
	layer_4: if i beleve any thing i beleve that ie dietdlov u
	layer_6: if i believe anything i believes that iv divd love you
	layer_8: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_10: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_12: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you

file: 4515-11057-0093.flac
expected: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_2: wae cimou saiy to ming mol than you have sa nir
	layer_4: what cam ou sa to meng mo than you have sad nirw
	layer_6: what cam you say to me more than you have sad na
	layer_8: what can you say to me more than you have said na
	layer_10: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_12: what can you say to me more than you have said now

file: 4515-11057-0094.flac
expected: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it comes to
	layer_2: remambe mey as af man whodisregard ed prisele lof such us yours to g ad mikimsef u prold posation amon fols an navs inden thats wor its comton
	layer_4: remembeme as o man who disregard e priceleslove such as yrs to go and make himself a proled position om on fouls annaves inde that waret its comto
	layer_6: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yaurs to go and make himself a proud position among fols an naves indeen that's what its come to
	layer_8: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud posistion among fools and naves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_10: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_12: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to

file: 4515-11057-0095.flac
expected: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_2: son inoff e wuidh thoerly de spismyng and th i shld nelit was merted mhyt eo vers proid would reval toginstet
	layer_4: son onou ye would thorly despisming and tho i should nolo was merited my povirs prid would revfal toginstit
	layer_6: soon enough yoe would thorghlly dispise me and though i should know it was merrited my poverse prid would revult t against it
	layer_8: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merrited my perverse pride would revalt against it
	layer_10: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revult against it
	layer_12: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revult against it

file: 4515-11057-0096.flac
expected: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_2: whant cinby simplothin the treth
	layer_4: what conby simplothan the tre
	layer_6: what can be simplerthan the trufh
	layer_8: what can be simpler than the trufh
	layer_10: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_12: what can be simpler than the trut

file: 4515-11057-0097.flac
expected: it is a thing that happens every day either in man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_2: it his a fin tha happns eivered e therin a manale omen and ol lhit anlo demoncs is the coringeto confis the trth
	layer_4: it his a fhin that happens everydy either inamain al homen and wal that onoa demonce is the coraged dto confis the treth
	layer_6: it is a thing that happens every day ether in a man ar orman and all that ona demants is the courrage to confesst the truth
	layer_8: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honnor demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_10: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honnor demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_12: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honnour demands is the courage to confess the truth

file: 4515-11057-0098.flac
expected: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_2: marian bo hu doitis whul hyou li hearin gage wend lasfordnofthe sixsmnce but withey out hhav mathenjuring that toin
	layer_4: marian a hyou d tis whil you lit her in gagement losfor nothe sixmoncs but withe out have meting juring that toin
	layer_6: marian will you do this will you let her ingagement las fo nother sixmonthe but without have meeting juring that tim
	layer_8: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that time
	layer_10: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that time
	layer_12: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without hav meeting during that time

file: 4515-11057-0099.flac
expected: that seems to me childish
	layer_2: that sains t my chaldish
	layer_4: that sims  me chaldish
	layer_6: that seems to me chaldish
	layer_8: that seems to me childish
	layer_10: that seems to me childish
	layer_12: that seems to me childish

file: 4515-11057-0100.flac
expected: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_2: the riine fel on sicin win ad withit beagide to lyg om or tomda bist
	layer_4: the rin fell on seacingin and witht it begad to nigl an or tomdomist
	layer_6: the rain fell uncacinglhin and with it begad to migle an or tumda mist
	layer_8: the rain fell unceasingling and with it began to migle an ortumbdol mist
	layer_10: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an ortumd mist
	layer_12: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an ortumda mist

file: 4515-11057-0101.flac
expected: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_2: jesbu delid a mimet then ast coe wly
	layer_4: jesbut tolid o myment then ast comly
	layer_6: jes bet delad o miment then ased camly
	layer_8: jasbu dlaed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_10: jespr delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_12: jespe delayed a moment then asked calmly

file: 4515-11057-0102.flac
expected: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_2: i ou gouind to the musen yes
	layer_4: i you go ing to the musem yes
	layer_6: ir you going to the musm yes
	layer_8: are you going to the musim yes
	layer_10: are you going to the musem yes
	layer_12: are you going to the museum yes

file: 4515-11057-0103.flac
expected: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_2: go hime agi or thi smornag marin youe co work
	layer_4: go hom agie for thismorening marinen you cap work
	layer_6: go hom agi for this morning marian you cap work
	layer_8: go home agin for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_10: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_12: go home again for this morning marrian you can't work

file: 4515-11057-0104.flac
expected: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_2: y must and i have no tone to lrs
	layer_4: y must and i have no tm to los
	layer_6: y must and i have no time to los
	layer_8: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_10: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_12: i must and i have no time to lose

file: 4515-11057-0105.flac
expected: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_2: gould bi she gaive id hrthint
	layer_4: good by she gave id herhint
	layer_6: good by she gave im her hend
	layer_8: good by she gave him her hand
	layer_10: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_12: good by she gave him her hand

file: 4515-11057-0106.flac
expected: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_2: thi loe tody chothe forn anstet thead marng n lef the shelto of the trn i peter of brolu ad ward quipl owy
	layer_4: thy lokedtoty ch a the for n eanstemd the mari en lef the shelto of the tre ipeter o brella ad walked quictly awy
	layer_6: they looked at hach other for an instamt their maryan lef the shelter of the treey operthere a brella atd walked quickly awy
	layer_8: they looked at each other for an instant their marian left the shelter of the tree opened her embrella and walked quickly away
	layer_10: they looked at each other for an instant their marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_12: they looked at each other for an instant their marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away

file: 4515-11057-0107.flac
expected: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_2: jes pha did not wach hr he had the ficeof a man ho was suffringa sof feu hem meleation
	layer_4: jes bet did not whath he he had the faice of a manwho was suering as sof feyar humily ation
	layer_6: just bet did not watch her he had the face of ha man who as suffering a sovia umiliation
	layer_8: jusbut did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a sevear humiliation
	layer_10: jusba did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_12: jusa did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation

file: 4515-11057-0108.flac
expected: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tones and aspect
	layer_2: hissisto sive bry litl for she rekig nas genu an sufrangin his tin son aspict
	layer_4: his sisto sid bery little for she reckig no s genu en suftringin his tins an aspect
	layer_6: his sister savd bery little for she recognos genuan sofftering in his tins and aspect
	layer_8: his sister sad bery little for she recognised genuane suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_10: his sister said very little for she recognized genuine suffering in his times and aspect
	layer_12: his sister said very little for she recognized genuine suffering in his tymes and aspect

file: 4515-11057-0109.flac
expected: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_2: a fhe winksogo he aialyprpose towaronman for m he dus not prtame do have the slihteis toffection but her was very rich and who samd lihlyt to ba flistion of to mori him
	layer_4: afe winksago he actiuly prepos to ar women for hrm he dus not protame do have the slites te fection but he was very rich and who semed lielyd to be fulithion ough to marry him
	layer_6: affer winksago he actually propose to a woman for herm he does not protenmd to have the slightes tdeffection but who was very rich and who seemed litly to be folithi onough to marry him
	layer_8: a few winks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who wias very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_10: a few wenks ago he actully proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who was very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_12: a few wenks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who was very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him

file: 4515-11057-0110.flac
expected: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_2: yest nung mording he war sve terfinal ansur o wrefesal
	layer_4: yestd nong morning he wre seeved erhinal anser a wrefeusal
	layer_6: yest in morning he received her hinal anser a refusal
	layer_8: yesterda morning he received her tfnal answer a refusal
	layer_10: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_12: yesterda morning he received her final answer a refusal

file: 4515-11057-0111.flac
expected: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_2: yu wilon estannd thy shly u nae n y fresh prfe ha asel a woithey he is pof hu
	layer_4: you will ondestand thy sholy unet no fresh prf how atelly a wor they he is of you
	layer_6: you will understand thouy shurly uneete no fresh prof how utely a wrthy he is of you
	layer_8: you will understand thouy surely you need no fresh proof how utterly aworthy he is of you
	layer_10: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_12: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you

file: 4515-11057-0112.flac
expected: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_2: youithe only fore dy have of my orn siks ad r could not b t rs hu
	layer_4: you wt the only forindoi havet of my oun sixs and i could not beat lse you
	layer_6: you wre the only frend i have of my own sex and i could not ber tolose you
	layer_8: you were the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not beare to lose you
	layer_10: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_12: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you

file: 4515-11057-0113.flac
expected: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_2: sevevre daise pasd beforl the cai of reply
	layer_4: sevrl das pastd befor theiy came of reply
	layer_6: severl days past before their came o reply
	layer_8: several days passt before there came a reply
	layer_10: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_12: several days passed before there came a reply

file: 4515-11057-0114.flac
expected: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_2: i must inly as thitg u wr ri ti witheaut tha lasetreferents tof thins troublrs tl e ovrways abat yoself i be shledtha youcanot tely tw much
	layer_4: i must oinly aus thitk you wl righte to ma with out the leasd refference to the s trouvls tel by oewase af bout your self a be sal that you cannot telmy two much
	layer_6: i must only askt that you will wrigt to me without the lest reference to these troubles tell e alhways about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_8: i must only asked that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_10: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_12: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much

file: 3915-57461-0000.flac
expected: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_2: we havesecceeted in amasing to hundred ounces of sover a no i tresd to  rect ahancs om bront fiur
	layer_4: we have secceeted and amassing ctwo hundered ounces of silver aknogh i tres to arect ahance om brognt figur
	layer_6: we have succeeded and amassing two hundred ounces of silver anough i tres to arrect a hanseom bron's figure
	layer_8: we have succeeded in amascing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome brons figure
	layer_10: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome brown's figure
	layer_12: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome brown's figure

file: 3915-57461-0001.flac
expected: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_2: two be surat seeimes a shme yat of ikad stil th mony ths priases bosting abou ikcad liv it es for ther rest of mid dase and s o he begin asting bout how best he myg compusis perus
	layer_4: two be sur it seems a shame yet of i cud steal them mony this presedes bosting about i could liv it es for the rest of my days ands oh he began casting bout howp best he myg composis perpise
	layer_6: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this presed as bosting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compos is purpose
	layer_8: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steeal the money this priesed is boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compos his purpose
	layer_10: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this prised is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compas his purpose
	layer_12: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this prised is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose

file: 3915-57461-0002.flac
expected: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of kuana
	layer_2: but the presd farfrom gesing the drift of his comra's thouts durny serfully on tilltey righ the town of coona
	layer_4: but the presd far from gessing the drift of his comrads thugts jurnyd cherfully on till they rich the touwnm of cona
	layer_6: but the prieast far from guessing the drift of his comrad's thoughts jurnied cheerefully on till they reachd the townm of coina
	layer_8: but the priest far from gesing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeye cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana
	layer_10: but the priest far from gessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana
	layer_12: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana

file: 3915-57461-0003.flac
expected: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_2: her thers an arm of the se whichis crost an firy botcs thit stardis son a some twoniur therty pasinders ar gather to gether and a whan of hy's bots the two troblers om bart
	layer_4: her there is an arm of the ce which is crost an fery bots that stardois sn a some twony or thirty passiengers ar gather together and an hone of thes bots the two travlers ombart
	layer_6: here there is an arm of the sea which is crosst and fairy boats that startest soon af some twenty or thirty passengers are gather together and in one of these boats the two travelers amdbart
	layer_8: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairry boats that startest soon af some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers anbarked
	layer_10: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairry boats that start us soon af some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_12: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairry boats that start as soon af some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked

file: 3915-57461-0004.flac
expected: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_2: when the bot men apasinders herd the splasion sao the preestrugtligin he watter they woer frade and mat every effort tosave heim buthe win was far in he bot renig swifly under the belling sails sai they wersn a feo hundrd dyar s offrom the drouning man who sank befor the bo cold be turn ter res khe him
	layer_4: when the bot men apasinders herd the splassion saw the preies trugli in the wadter they were frad and mate every effert to save him but the wind was faire and the boat running swifly under the beling sailes sao they wereson a few hundered yoard s of from the drounning man who sank before the bot could be turne to reskou him
	layer_6: when the boatmen a passenders heard the splash an saw the priese strugglin in the water they were ffraide and made every effert to save him but the wind was fair an the boat runing swiftly under the belling sailes so they were soon a few hundred yards off rom the drowning man who sank before the boat ould be turne to rescu him
	layer_8: when the boatmen ad passenders heard the splash and saw the priest strugglig in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turne to rescue him
	layer_10: when the boatmen ad passengers heard the splash and saw the prist strugglin in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly undere the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_12: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest strugglin in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly undere the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him

file: 3915-57461-0005.flac
expected: when he saw this the ronin feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kiyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_2: when he saothas the round fan the out mos creaven tismaime at seidto ais fel opatenders tis prise twom we ofe just lastd wash my cusn he was going to keoto t o visit the shrin of his paturen and is  hapend have bisnes thers wel we settled to travl together
	layer_4: when he saw this the rown faind the ut mose creaf en desmame ant said to his fell upassengers this presed wom we of just lostd wash my cousent he was going to kioto to visit the shrin of his paturent and is i happene to have bisnese there is well wes settled to travle together
	layer_6: when he saw this the ron fained the upmost creief in dismame ind said to his fellow passengers this presed whom we have just lost was my cousnt he was going to keoto to visit the shrin of his patrent and as i happene to have business there is well we settled to travele together
	layer_8: when he saw this the ron fained the utmost crief ind dismame and said to his fellow passengers this presed whom we have just lost wats my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patrent and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_10: when he saw this the ron feined the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there is well we settled to travel together
	layer_12: when he saw this the ron feined the utmost crief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there is well we settled to travel together

file: 3915-57461-0006.flac
expected: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_2: n oalasby this mis fortion my cusen is dad an i am left l lon
	layer_4: now las by this miss forton my cousen is ded and i am left al lon
	layer_6: now las by this misfortun my cousin is dead and i am left alon
	layer_8: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_10: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_12: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone

file: 3915-57461-0007.flac
expected: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story and pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_2: he spok sfealingly and wet s frely thae the pasinders be levetustory and pitdin chrid compfrden
	layer_4: he spoke so feling ly and wept so freely thae the passenders be leaved i story and pitedan thried comfrdim
	layer_6: he spoke so felingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed ha story and pited an thried to comfored him
	layer_8: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed hi story and pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_10: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_12: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort him

file: 3915-57461-0008.flac
expected: then the ronin said to the boatmen
	layer_2: than the rounen saedtof the botmen
	layer_4: than the rown an said to the botmen
	layer_6: then the ron an said to the boatman
	layer_8: then the ronan said to the boatman
	layer_10: then the ronan said to the boatman
	layer_12: then the ronan said to the boatman

file: 3915-57461-0009.flac
expected: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_2: what thinkod gentomen ad it hee trning to the o ther thravlers
	layer_4: what think u jentlmen at it he turning to the o ther travelers
	layer_6: what think oue gentleman addet he turnding to the other thravelers
	layer_8: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_10: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_12: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers

file: 3915-57461-0010.flac
expected: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronin had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_2: theay of ours wer alnly t gla to  voite any hinder ans to ther on mwordgurnmy and all with onevoiyce agred to wat the roun an he prprosed andso the matte wasettld
	layer_4: they of course were only to glad to avoite any hinderance to theire on word jurny and all with onevoics a gred to what the roun an havd prproased andso the matter wesattled
	layer_6: they of course were only two glad to a voit any hindrance to theire onwar jurny and all with one voice agreed to what the ron and have proprosed andso the matter wa satdled
	layer_8: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ron and have proposed and so the matter was sattled
	layer_10: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronmant had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_12: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronmant had proposed and so the matter was settled

file: 3915-57461-0011.flac
expected: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronin overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiyoto
	layer_2: won ad langk thay reach thes shor they lofthebot and every man went his way buthe ronent ver joid an as hart tok the onering pra s logige an putig it with ison prsd his jurny to kelte
	layer_4: en at lank they reach theh sore they left the bot and everyman went his way but the rownent over joid and is hart took the ondring prece logage and putting it with his oun ersud his jurny tokilkta
	layer_6: when at lankt they reached the shore they left the bot and every men went his way but the ronit overjoyed in his heart took the wondering price lugage and putting it with his own persud his jurny to kyoto
	layer_8: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronit overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiota
	layer_10: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronet overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priests luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kquixoto
	layer_12: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronit overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priests luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quixoto

file: 3915-57461-0012.flac
expected: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_2: forton favering his speculationcs he be anto amas grat welthenlived ad hises de ning himselfnothing and in the corse of timehy maried awif who bore him achild
	layer_4: fortcen favering his speculations he bean to amask greate welthan lied at his eas de ning himself nothing and in the course of time he maried awife who bore him achiled
	layer_6: fortune favoring his speculations he began to imask great wealth an lived at his eas dednying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bor him a child
	layer_8: fortune favouring his speculations he began to imask great wealth and lived at his eas denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_10: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_12: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child

file: 3915-57461-0013.flac
expected: since then all has gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_2: sencs than alas gon wel was me yet had i not e en por i hadnever turnde sasson northiefe
	layer_4: since then alws gon wel was me yet had i not been pore i had never turnedosass ond nor thif
	layer_6: since then all was gone well wis me yet had i not been poor i had never turne to sasend northief
	layer_8: since then all as gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned ta sasson northief
	layer_10: since then all is gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned asasin nor thief
	layer_12: since then all is gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned asazin nor thief

file: 3915-57461-0014.flac
expected: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_2: he wout afled into the hous brt the gos strech forth hi t withered arm and clucing the bac of as n nexcolld at hime wit of vendict of glarana hidtiis gastlyness of meem so on spekubly aoful that any ordnary man wuilt o swon with fer
	layer_4: he would hafled into the house but the gose strech forth hi s withered arm and cluching the back of his  nexcalld at him with af veendicd of glair ana hidious gasly ness of mem so oane speakubly offul that any ordnary man wol hif swone with fer
	layer_6: he would have floed into the house but the gos stretch forth it withered arm and clutching the back of his nexkt scoulled at him with a vendict ovf glair and a hidious gaslyness of meeam so unspeakably awfful that any ordinary man would have swuned with fere
	layer_8: he would have fled into the house but the ghot stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scouled at him with a vendictive glare and a hideous gastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man woul have swooned with fear
	layer_10: he would have fled into the house but the gost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scouled at him with a vendictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_12: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scouled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear

file: 3915-57461-0015.flac
expected: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokubei fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_2: at lang ondon by such sesles fecxcation to kabay fel il in cat muttering o miserymiser the wondering preasedis comingte torturme
	layer_4: at length undon by such seasless fexation tilokabay fel ill and cet muttring o misery misery the wandering preac d is comeng t tourtur me
	layer_6: at length undone by such caseless fexation took a by fell ill and cket muttering o misery misery the wandering priesed is coming to torture me
	layer_8: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took abeay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_10: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tilok abay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_12: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tilk abay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me

file: 3915-57461-0016.flac
expected: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next street
	layer_2: nowot chance that he story riched the ears ofvu sertan ondering preace two logedon the nextren
	layer_4: now t chance that the stoy reche the ears of a scertan andering priece two loged in the nextreen
	layer_6: now at chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priece to lodged in the nextreen
	layer_8: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priesct too lodged in the next trean
	layer_10: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest two lodged in the next streanm
	layer_12: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest two lodged in the next streanm

file: 3915-57461-0017.flac
expected: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_2: and hiding is hadender th coverlet he lat quivering al over
	layer_4: and higding is head ender the cover let he lake quivering all over
	layer_6: and higding is head under the coverlet he lake quivering all over
	layer_8: and hiding is head under the cover let he lay quivering all over
	layer_10: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_12: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over

file: 3915-57461-0018.flac
expected: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_2: three earsco ad the coon a fary you long mey into the watter and well yu rememberit
	layer_4: three years go had the co one afary you flung me into the water and welld you remembr it
	layer_6: three yearsago ad the co on afairy you flung me into the water and well  you rememberit
	layer_8: three years ago ad the coona fairry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_10: three years ago at the cuona fairry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_12: three years ago at the cuonafairry you flung me into the water and well you remember it

file: 3915-57461-0019.flac
expected: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_2: haplly contin e the precet i had learn to swm ind te diveas aboy saiy rach the sre and after onderingthro many provences suxceeated an seting upld bront fi aure to bota thus fifilling the wish of my hart
	layer_4: haply contener the priest i had larned to swim and to dive is aboy sai rach the sor and after andering throu many provences succeeted and setting up a brond figure to boda thus fefilling the wish of my heart
	layer_6: happily continire the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provences succeeded and setting up a brond figure to boota thus fafilling the wish of my heart
	layer_8: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim in to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded ind setting up a broand figure to buda thus fufilling the wish of my heart
	layer_10: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a brond figure to buda thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_12: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim andto dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronde figure to buda thus fulfilling the wish of my heart

file: 3915-57461-0020.flac
expected: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_2: on my gurny homorts i totelaging in the nextreet and their heardof yor marvle is alment
	layer_4: on my jurny homords i took a loging in the nextreet and there huard of your marivles alment
	layer_6: on my journy homwards i took a lodging in the next treet and there heard of your marvlis alment
	layer_8: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment
	layer_10: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and they're heard of your marvellous alment
	layer_12: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and they're heard of your marvellous alment

file: 3915-57461-0021.flac
expected: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_2: thinking ik eld devinats cars tha cemto seu and hem blad t of find i was not a stakon
	layer_4: thinking icud devine ats caus that came to see and em glad tof find i was not ma stakenm
	layer_6: thinking i could devineits caus it came to seeu and them glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_8: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_10: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and i'm glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_12: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and i'm glad to find i was not mistaken

file: 3915-57461-0022.flac
expected: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_2: and whut int not illd become to birmos
	layer_4: and woald int not ill become me to bare mous
	layer_6: and would it not ill become me to bar malse
	layer_8: and would it not ill become me to bear mallise
	layer_10: and would it not ill become me to bear malic
	layer_12: and would it not ill become me to bear malis

file: 3915-57461-0023.flac
expected: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_2: brepen therfor en abandiner evl wase
	layer_4: repen therefore in a bandineurt evl ways
	layer_6: repent therefore in a bandenur evil ways
	layer_8: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways
	layer_10: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways
	layer_12: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways

file: 3915-57461-0024.flac
expected: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_2: tose u du sel ishule stam the hait of happiness
	layer_4: to seey you do sel i shoulde stm the highte of happiness
	layer_6: to see you do so i shoul a stam the hight of happiness
	layer_8: to see you do so i should esteeam the height of happiness
	layer_10: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_12: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness

file: 3915-57461-0025.flac
expected: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_2: be ove goud cshernow and lot min the face and ou willsi thet iy am wrelly a living man and novenhful boblen cometo tormentya
	layer_4: be of good chere now and look beain the face and you willsye that i am reilly aliving man and no venshfulk doblan come to twerement yo
	layer_6: be of good cheear now and look be in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no venshful goblan come to toorment yu
	layer_8: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no venchful goblan come to torment you
	layer_10: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_12: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you

file: 3915-57461-0026.flac
expected: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_2: ind afit of madness i was temted to cil and brobial
	layer_4: in afit ove madness i was temted to cill and robbo
	layer_6: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robiu
	layer_8: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robie
	layer_10: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu
	layer_12: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu

file: 3915-57461-0027.flac
expected: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_2: forchom be frendit mey ever after but the rituri cr the mwor kenly ae felt how wiket i had ben an the mor ifor sao that myvictims tengionce wut somedyof ertaklmi
	layer_4: forth im be frended me ever after but the ritur i grew the mor kamly i felt how wick et i had been and the more i fore saw that my victims fensgience whut some day ofvertakemi
	layer_6: forthun befrended me ever after but the richere i grew the more keenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i fore saw that my victom's fengence would some day overtake me
	layer_8: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victom's vengance would someday overtake me
	layer_10: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victims vengeance would someday overtake me
	layer_12: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victims vengeance would someday overtake me

file: 3915-57461-0028.flac
expected: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_2: honta by thes thougt  lasmig nurve to on nighte ie behel dur sperit and from that time forth fel il
	layer_4: honto by this thought i lost my neurve tiok one night i beheld your sparit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_6: haunted by this thought i losst my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_8: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve til one knight i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_10: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve til one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_12: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve til one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill

file: 3915-57461-0029.flac
expected: but how you managed to escape and are still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_2: but halyo manised t o has scabeenter stil live is mor than ican undrstand
	layer_4: but how you manershd o has scap aner still a live is more than ikean understand
	layer_6: but how you manised to his scape in er still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_8: but how you managed to escape an her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_10: but how you managed to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_12: but how you managed to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand

file: 3915-57461-0030.flac
expected: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork's beak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_2: at guilte man said the preased withe smil shutters at the resling of the wendo rthe chattering of ho storx beak a mrders contionce prase apon his mine til he sese wat is not
	layer_4: a guilty man said the precd with  smile shudters at the rustling of the wend rt t e chattering of ha storx beak a murders contience prase upon his min till he seas what is not
	layer_6: a guilty man said the prieased with a smile shutters at the rusteling of the wind or the chattering of a storksbeak a murders conscience praise upon his min till he seas what is not
	layer_8: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shutters at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork speak a murder's conscience praise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_10: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a storic speak a murdero's conscience praise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_12: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a storic speak a murderoru's conscience prayise upon his mind till he sees what is not

file: 3915-98647-0000.flac
expected: every well ordered japanese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_2: evere wel ord erd jakins hm of the old fassion crng have ats litle snm which as the seunterof ther eligih li r thehous
	layer_4: every wel orderd gaktis hom of the old fassion cind has ats little shrim which as the senter of the religeit l r the hous
	layer_6: every well orderd japtis home of the old fashion kind havs its little shrim which as the senter of the religious life of the house
	layer_8: every well ordered japi's home of the old fashion kind havs its little shrim which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_10: every well ordered jaknes home of the old fashioned kind havs its little shrime which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_12: every well ordered jake's home of the old fashioned kind havs its little shrime which is the centre of the religious life of the house

file: 3915-98647-0001.flac
expected: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day and anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_2: shedes ho suts fhe ri seamn ine be worthe ans ustrl tamblets who lihtes thell lam peichnie and whosese thet at heach festayn an hrsryseson the prober futhis prepared and set out for the housled gat
	layer_4: she ites ho sets the ries and ine bof wore the ans esterl tanblets who ligtes the lotl lam peach nie and who siese that at each feestay in anercryseason the proberfud isprepared and set out for the housld gots
	layer_6: sheitis who sets the rice and wine befwore the ansestral tablets who lights the little lampeach nihte and who seesed that at each feest day ian anerversry ceson the proer footis prepared and set out for the housld gots
	layer_8: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feat day in anieversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the house hold gods
	layer_10: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in aniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_12: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in aniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods

file: 3915-98647-0002.flac
expected: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safeguard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_2: hes must becup prfuly bothe moters he save gardigons tham manyete eavles tha be set chiled lif
	layer_4: these must becup arefully by the mothers e save gardigens the many evles thae becet cshiled life
	layer_6: these must bekept carefully by the mother is a safe gardagancs tha many evils that beset child life
	layer_8: these must be kept carefully by the mother s a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_10: these must be kept carefully by the mother as ta safe guard against the many evils tha beset child life
	layer_12: these must be kept carefully by the mother as ta safe guard against the many evils that beset child life

file: 3915-98647-0003.flac
expected: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_2: visit stoknoded temcls by relitofs om friens ooners al tan aditione to the chit cletion
	layer_4: visis tonoted temples by relit ofs mfrins offin ris ald an aditionts to the chit colection
	layer_6: visicstenoted temples by relitives m friends often result an aditioncs to the child's colection
	layer_8: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result an additions to the child' collection
	layer_10: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additionse to the child's collection
	layer_12: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additionce to the child's collection

file: 3915-98647-0004.flac
expected: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_2: all thes er pout tegether bo i carfom mothern proservdes shelli slas quen o thea cap the chard stick thac geveren thedeston avfr son
	layer_4: all thes ere put ogether by the carfo mothern proservedes shell isle as queen o the acep the chard stick thac goverend the dest ine fefor son
	layer_6: all thes are put together by the cariful mother in preserved as jhellasly as queen ouf theaket the chard stick that govern the destiny af her son
	layer_8: all these ware put together by the careful mother and preserved as jeallously as queen athia kept the charde stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_10: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althia kept the chared stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_12: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althia kept the chared stick that governed the destiny of her son

file: 3915-98647-0005.flac
expected: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and they are usually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_2: as the chiltern ha rivint ears of discression hestreser's pasat of the mothers fae fle ceaping into the hans of theire atult mers an theor yeurslykcep sfort away an som littl us trr caent sild deth re lmivs ten nis sessity for andy frther sae cris overelive
	layer_4: as the childerin arivhat years of discression thestresur's pass out of the mothers fathful keping into the hans of their actual oners and there yeurly cep spored away and some little used dror cadnentsild deth removes the nes cessity for any forther save gartso overlife
	layer_6: as the childtern arrivat years of discression these treasurs pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hams of their actual uners and their earsly kept spord away and some little used drawreor cadnent aintill death removesd the necessity for any further save gards over life
	layer_8: as the children arrivat years of discression these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual oners and their easly kept storiet away ind some little used drawereor cabnat until death removes the necessity for any further safe guards overlife
	layer_10: as the children arrive at years of discression these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their ually kept storit away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safe guards over life
	layer_12: as the children arrive at years of discression these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their ually kept storit away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safe guards over life

file: 3915-98647-0006.flac
expected: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of pros and cons can read aright the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_2: echan mlbringses on cimned of gouder bad luk kanto the ower day or yer over which a prdits an ly a scilfld toonsert pros an cns con et or righte te con tenations and ouner stan wakt fre luk ef any puoteci her owr in andne perticgulere daye a vany pr takuleryer bll be
	layer_4: ech ani ma gringseits om kind of gooder bad luccan to the ouer day or year over which a prdigte and only a skilful toalanser prose and cons conred a right the con te nations and under stan what theluck of and y prtici her hower in and e pertickullar day of ane pertaculer eer bill be
	layer_6: each animal brings its own kind of gooder badluck in to the hour day or year over which ap prodies and only a skilful balancer a proseand cons canred a right the convinations and understan what the luck of any prticular hour in any prticular day of any prticular year will be
	layer_8: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck anto the hour day or year over which it prodides an only a skilful ballancer o prosen conds can read a righte the convinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_10: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it prosides and only a skillful balancer of prosand conds can read or righte the conbinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_12: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it prosides and only a skillful balancer of prosan cons can read or rigte the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be

file: 3915-98647-0007.flac
expected: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_2: for th e greader ovenc of famwly lif tha whompo as er felt to beae to un sertn in thas sere ases of te orthontelre mus becallden
	layer_4: fr the grater vence of famly life the whompo aces er felt to be two uncertain an thas services of the forch antellar must becalld in
	layer_6: for the greater avenseof family life the hom proficies ore felt to be twoo uncertain an this services of the fortuntellar must becalled hin
	layer_8: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain an thes services of the fortune teller must be called him
	layer_10: for the greater events of family life the home prophesies are felt to be too uncertain an the services of the fortune teller must be called him
	layer_12: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain an the services of the fortune teller must be called him

file: 3915-98647-0008.flac
expected: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_2: no well manash famely witdh thinco biling in do hous without fin ding i what dorection tothace tu frunt dor
	layer_4: no well manish family wilh thinko bilding in new house without findting in what dorection to face h frunt dor
	layer_6: no well manishd family wildh think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_8: no well manished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_10: no well maniged family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_12: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door

file: 3915-98647-0009.flac
expected: after this matter has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_2: after this manter has ben setldthin the halsis farely begun theirar a catinal cracs tin its construction apone which much tepens
	layer_4: after this manner has beensettled aind the houses farly begn there ara catinal cracyes an its comstruction apon which muche tupense
	layer_6: after this manner has been settled and the houses fairly begoun there ar ccasional cracies in its constrection upon which much depense
	layer_8: after this manner has been settled and the houses fairly begun there are occasional chrisies in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_10: after this manner has been settled and the houseis fairly begun there are occasional chrises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_12: after this manner has been settled and the houseis fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends

file: 3915-98647-0010.flac
expected: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_2: af thse the mostimportines the da eng he bruth i sriset
	layer_4: of these the most inportaines the day hen the brouf is rest
	layer_6: of these the most importan is the day when the rof is rrist
	layer_8: of these the most importan is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_10: of these the most important is the day when the roof is rased
	layer_12: of these the most important is the day when the roof is rased

file: 3915-98647-0011.flac
expected: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_2: the hosnter thene the side wither the dae sat by the bilderis a lekin one for himslf an his famy
	layer_4: the hosoner then d the side wether th dayce sat by the bilder is a lecking one for himself and his famy
	layer_6: the houeowner then  dtheside wheather the day set by the bilder is alecking one for himself and his family
	layer_8: the house owner then decide whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_10: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_12: the house owner then decide whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family

file: 3915-98647-0012.flac
expected: a present of money to each workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job in hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the ridge pole cast down cakes for which the children of the neighborhood scramble joyfully
	layer_2: apresan of mon te et wor man is also in order and wil condeuseto the rapet in faithfil ecxecution of the cho at haen when at las thehousis freoashd in carperenders omqlasters er reaty tolevat the loql irmen ho heave sisted al al ong in the bilding as un sile laers alffen es sune to the rofh and from the briche pol casdn cax fr which the shilterom tan the naer had scramblel soyfly
	layer_4: apresent of muney teat worman is also an order and will conduse to the rappit in fathfil execution of the jhobit hnd when it las the houses frnished ind carbrnders amplasters or redy tolevit the lokl firman who heavea sisted all along in the bilding as unscild labrs olfin a sen to the roove and from the brich pull cassdown kake for which the childrn thin the neayber houd scramble choyfully
	layer_6: a present of money to eat wortmen is also and order and will conduce to the rapit in faithful execution of the jobet hand when it las the houses frnished and carbrnters and plastheris areready to leave it the local fireman who heave assisted all along in the building as unskilld labors offen asend to the roof and from the bridgh pull cast down cakes for which the children han the neghbor hod scrambled choyfully
	layer_8: a present of money to ach workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the hous is fuinished in carbrenters and plasters arleready to leave it the local fireman who have assisted all along in the building as unskiled labors often assend to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children in the neihborhoods scrambled jhoyfully
	layer_10: a present of money to eah workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is firnished in carbinters and plasterers arready to leave it the local fireman who have assisted all along in the building as unskiled labors often ascend to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children in the neighbourhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_12: a present of money to eah workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is furnished in carbrinters and plasterers arready to leave it the local fireman who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children in the neighbourhood scrambled joyfully

file: 3915-98647-0013.flac
expected: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_2: al com he can and thos who cn ot consan servencr provisions
	layer_4: all come who can and thos who can ot comsen servean swor provisions
	layer_6: allcome who can and those who cannot comestans servans or provisions
	layer_8: allcome who can and those who cannot comestante servants or provisions
	layer_10: allcome who can and those who cannot comsente servants or provisions
	layer_12: allcome who can and those who cannot comstent servants or provisions

file: 3915-98647-0014.flac
expected: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan
	layer_2: on the d avterd thet deth arfrn in the eveing bhebotin mus beplast an the cassc shape carfen thad andtol resontly was a stil comanly anusingopin
	layer_4: on the day aveterd the deth offen in the evening the bodig mus wbeplact in the cassk shaped cofan that andtil resently was e stil coninly anusingeapan
	layer_6: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until reacently was a stile commonly an usangeapan
	layer_8: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffen that until recently was e style commonly in use ingjapan
	layer_10: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a casqu shaped coffin that until recently was e style commonly in use in japan
	layer_12: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a casqu shaped coffin that until recently was e style commonly in us in japan

file: 3915-98647-0015.flac
expected: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with burial in the old way makes the survival of the old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_2: nomong the welthy rclasses the lon cofen has se precited the smalsewhar or rounone but the smrgxspence contecto withthe baral an the old way mexes terfivle of an old time un nes sessitefr them anjorty ofechappanae
	layer_4: now mong the weltyor classes the long coffen has seprceted the smallswuaer or round ont but the smlrg spencs connecto with he barial in the old way mexs ervivle of an old tigme annessessity fr the majordy of jappenas
	layer_6: now among the welthar classes the long coffen has suprceeted the small suere or round one but the smallarg spentse connecte with t a barial ind the old way makxs as sirvival of an old tite necessity for the majority of japans
	layer_8: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superceeded the small suare or round one but the smaller expense connected with a buarial in the old way makes as survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanse
	layer_10: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superceeded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with ta burial in the old way makes ha survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_12: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superceeded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes as survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese

file: 3915-98647-0016.flac
expected: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_2: ad in a pne ed time al the relitof s te semebll in the deh chamber am praprations er mad for the bathing of he corps
	layer_4: at an apoin ed time all the relitofes the sumble in the det chamber and prepperations r made for the bathing of the courps
	layer_6: at an opointed time all the relitives the sumble in the deth chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the courps
	layer_8: at an appointed time all the relatives essemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corps
	layer_10: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_12: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse

file: 3915-98647-0017.flac
expected: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_2: ers no fisial sarim monya morning o parnt for their childeran rore dis custa re quired them the prefon andy of telast riht sor atand the f inno
	layer_4: her's no  ficial sar mounya morning af parnts for their childran nor dis custen required them the pereform andy of thelaset rights owratan the fiuno
	layer_6: hereis no eficial saramonial morning of parence for their children nor descustom require them to preform any of the last rights or attend the funarl
	layer_8: thereis no official ceremonial morning of parents for their children nor discustom required them to perform any of the last rigts or attendthe funerl
	layer_10: there is no official ceremonial morning of parents for their children nor dis custom require them to perform any of the last rigts or attend the funeral
	layer_12: there is no official ceremonial morning of parents for their children nor dis custom require them to perform any of the last rigtes or attend the funeral

file: 3915-98647-0018.flac
expected: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_2: upon ty youngr brothersnsisters fals the dudi of e ten thingt al helast sad manestrations
	layer_4: upon the yungrbrothers an cisters fals the dudiy of atending to al  thelast sad ministrations
	layer_6: upon the younger brothers and sister's falls the duty of attending to all f the last sad ministrations
	layer_8: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_10: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_12: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations

file: 3915-98647-0019.flac
expected: when the body has been washed it is dressed in white in silk habutai whenever the family can afford it
	layer_2: when the body has bend wshtas histrest an wight an sil caboo ti wen everit th e famlikon fordet
	layer_4: when the body has ban washed as is drest in wit insil cabo tim when everth e famlican ford et
	layer_6: when the body hasben washed as is dressed in white an silcobo tie whenever the famlicen ofordent
	layer_8: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white and silkabo tie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_10: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white and silkabo tie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_12: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white and silkabo tie whenever the family can afford it

file: 3915-98647-0020.flac
expected: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_2: the boty too beplast on te cofen must be folded into a siting posturnd the chein restin bepon tie nas the position of the momys foundan many aber agal amarcantoms
	layer_4: the body too be plaset in the coffen must be follded into a sitting postrnd the chin restin e pon then negs the position of the momis foundin many aberadgnal amaricontoms
	layer_6: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into acitting posstur nd the chin restigenupon the neegs the position of the mumiy's found in many aboriginal americantums
	layer_8: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting poscure and the chin restigen upon the knees the position of the mummys found in many aboriginal american tumbes
	layer_10: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restien upon the knees the position of the mummiys found in many aboriginal american tumbs
	layer_12: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restien upon the knees the position of the mummiys found in many abariginal american tumbs

file: 3915-98647-0021.flac
expected: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_2: this difficaltwo us apheranly am posible fed safely acomplichd theire r placet in the cofenan number smal things toith the dead takx with himto thenext worl
	layer_4: this dificalt two us aparntly impossible fet sayfely accomplished there oar plact in the coffenan number of smalthings th the dead takes with himto the next worl
	layer_6: this difficullt too us apparently imposible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffinen number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_8: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffen an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_10: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_12: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world

file: 3915-98647-0022.flac
expected: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_2: the singal xsuptionto this rolboutnattal is that smal coper oincs ma beputin to fe theld hag w goards the bancod the rvrove deth
	layer_4: the singl excuption to this ral about mettle is that smal coper oins may be putten to fe the old hag ho gards the bankof the riverov degfh
	layer_6: the singl ecception to this rul about mettle is that small coper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the river of death
	layer_8: the single exception to this rull about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_10: the single exception to this rull about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to feed the old hag who guards the bank of the river of deatf
	layer_12: the single exception to this rull about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to feed the old hag who guards the bank of the river of deat

file: 3915-98647-0023.flac
expected: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_2: last ofal the vakcon spaces on the cofon ar fildit and with bads of te
	layer_4: last of alle the vakeont spaces in the coffen ar fhilde an with bags of te
	layer_6: last of all the vagant spaces in the cofften oar filled ind with bags of tee
	layer_8: last of all the vagant spaces in the coffen are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_10: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_12: last of all the vagant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea

file: 3915-98647-0024.flac
expected: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_2: so long as the coinis in the housein mus be wachedover continyully
	layer_4: so long as the coffenas in the houseon mus beve wach dover coundtinually
	layer_6: so long as the coffinis in the housan must bev watched over continually
	layer_8: so long as the cofpin is in the house ind must be watched over continually
	layer_10: so long as the coffin is in the house and must be watched over continually
	layer_12: so long as the coffin is in the house and must be watched over continually

file: 3915-98647-0025.flac
expected: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_2: it has their duty to seavtetd the in sence brning befor the cofinmes en neverlaup togoe out wl the fod for the dedes wre nad a rekeler in erls by the ornerst emsels
	layer_4: it is their duty to sea that the in senceburning before the cofimess nneverloup togo outh whill the fod for the deadt es rened at reguler in evals by them morners themselves
	layer_6: it is their duty to see that the insence burning before the cofimis  never alaube togo out while the foot for the dead is wrenewd a regular enervols by the morners themselves
	layer_8: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the cophn is never allowe to go out while the food for the dead is renewed  regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_10: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coghn is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed a regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_12: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coghn is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the morners themselves

file: 3915-98647-0026.flac
expected: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_2: their f en mighten jappenis ho wile tof fen the presentcist om the crlty to the fflectit or whu du not long for some chame but so gratees the forse of conceritis imin thes s rcard so honting theh fear that any change ma an dthe cade a lac of er specforf the dad thet erform ad fances sloly
	layer_4: there or few an lightin japineyis who wil to fen the presencist im of crulty to the fflictet or who do no long for some chamge but so greateoes the forse of conceritis am in this recard so honting the fear that any change may in decade alack of r specfor the deid that wereform ad vances slowly
	layer_6: there are few and lightin japiniys who will to fend the present sistem of crulty to the efflictit or who do not long for some change but so great ors the force of concervitism in this regard so hanting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect or the dead that reform advances slowling
	layer_8: there are few endlighteind japanes who will tefend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_10: there are few enlightened japanes who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_12: there are few enlightened japanees who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly

file: 3915-98647-0027.flac
expected: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_2: indhe vidrl instincos a curin which some othe worstd featurs of thes cestions aremat efit
	layer_4: in ividral instenceaes accurin which some of the worst features of thes coustioms ar mat ifit
	layer_6: individual instance as a curin which some of the worst fetures of these custioms are modifiet
	layer_8: individual instanceas occurr in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_10: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_12: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified

file: 3915-98647-0028.flac
expected: a case in point is that of the late mister fukuzawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_2: acaceon poine as tat of the laghtemester foocasova aman his lifwas to voted to the ad vancemen of his cuntry men and matern ways and whoen his defcontinud his tactiing
	layer_4: acace on point as that of the lagt misterfoookas ava a man whos life as dovoted to the advanceman of his country man ain modtern ways and who en his dethcontenued his taching
	layer_6: a cas on point is that of the late mister foocasaa a man whose life was devoted to the advancemen of his countryman an modtern ways and who in his dethcontinued his teaching
	layer_8: a cas en point is that of the late mister fukusaa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_10: a case in point is that of the late mister fukisaa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_12: a case in point is that of the late mister fukizava a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching

file: 3915-98647-0029.flac
expected: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_2: ind is wil e prfited that his boty was to be bariad without washing ind eclothing an which hee dide
	layer_4: in his wil he provited that his body was to be barried with out washing ind the clothing in which he dide
	layer_6: in his willd he provided that his body was to be barried with out washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_8: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_10: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_12: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died

file: 3915-98647-0030.flac
expected: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_2: thre this growing fealing and te unselfisioness of mthetural ofection ma comen time the reliase from this mornle sairmonees
	layer_4: thruhthis growing feling and the onselfisioness of ma turnal offection makeomen time the reliace from thes mornful sarmonets
	layer_6: through thers growing feeling and the unselfisheness of maternal offection makeommon time the reliase from these mornful saremoneis
	layer_8: throughther's growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_10: thrther's growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_12: thre ther's growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies

file: 3915-98647-0031.flac
expected: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_2: jus prwore the persesionstart r werdliveoseir o mony as heltat the house which as a tended by the frens of thed seasd and whiches upstantally the same af thatporforned at the somatary
	layer_4: jus pefore the perseion start are weredladee sara mony as helt at the house which as atended by the frins of the deceast and which as substantialy the same a that performed at the sem atary
	layer_6: just before the perocession starts ae wreligee sara money as held at the house which is attended by the friends of the decast and which is substantually the same is that prformed at the cemitary
	layer_8: just before the procession starts ae religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the semitery
	layer_10: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the semetery
	layer_12: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the semetery

file: 3915-98647-0032.flac
expected: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_2: on the da of the baril great bunchous of natrafloeres er sento the det ech bunch so larges to recare the sirvises f bone man to caria
	layer_4: on the day of the baril great bunchoes of natural flowrs or sento the det each bunche so large s to recare the services of one man to carian
	layer_6: on the day of the baril great bunches of natural flowers ar sent to the dead each bunch so largees to recar the services of one man ocarient
	layer_8: on the day of the burel great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to recar the services of one man to carry it
	layer_10: on the day of the buril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to recard the services of one man to carry it
	layer_12: on the day of the buriel great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to recard the services of one man to carry it

file: 3915-98647-0033.flac
expected: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_2: sometimes with thecgifdha man is sento take parnt the prsession but if the giverfalt too pore ta hira man this purden tw fals upon the brevetoushold for at ichaldt wrecuirs that alflouer sen be born t the grae byyun form colies who march in the fanal tran
	layer_4: some times with t egifd a man es sent to take parnt the prosession but if the giverfalt two pour to hir a man this purden two fals upon the brieved houshuld for at icouldt wrequires that all flouers sent be born to the grayve by yuniform culies who morch in the fun al train
	layer_6: sometimes with the gif a man is sent to take parti the prosession but if the giver felt two poor toa highr a man this birten two falls upon the brieved houshold for edicutd requires that all flowers sent be born too the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_8: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part inthe prossession but if the giver fel too poor to higher a man this burden two falls upon the berieved household for edicate requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_10: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the prossession but if the giver feels too poor to hier a man this burden too falls upon the beriaved household for edicate requires that all flowers sent be born to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_12: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the prossession but if the giver feels too poor to hier a man this burden too falls upon the beriaved household for edicate requires that all flowers sent be born to the grave by uniform cooles who march in the funeral train

file: 3915-98647-0034.flac
expected: another favorite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_2: an nother fa wer presinat this time among botist is a cageof lliving burts tw be brn to the grayve an werliast their on
	layer_4: another fay bre presinat this time among botist is a cage of living burds two be born to the grave and were liast theire on
	layer_6: another fabor presinat this time among budests is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and wereleast theire on
	layer_8: another fabourte presinete this time among buodists is accage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released ther on
	layer_10: another favouite president this time among boudists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_12: another favourite president this time among budists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon

file: 3915-98647-0035.flac
expected: it seems more like a bridal than a burial
	layer_2: it seemet mor lik a bridl then af baril
	layer_4: it seme s more lik abridold than a berial
	layer_6: it seemed to more like a bridld than a barial
	layer_8: it seemes more like a bridold than a burial
	layer_10: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_12: it seems more like a bridl than a burial

file: 3915-98647-0036.flac
expected: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_2: turing this pari od the speard of the ticestos supose to bestill in habuting thehous and a tabliter crin as sat u in the de chan br profor which fd onmtlours ar rend taily
	layer_4: dering thes pariad the spired of the dicestes suppose to be stil in habiting the house and atablitter shrin es said u in the deh chambro prefore which food anflowrs ar renewd daly
	layer_6: during this period thespirit of the dicasd is suppose to be still inhabiting the house and attablitor shryintes set up in the death chamber pefore which food and flowers are renuwed daily
	layer_8: during this period the spirit of the dicease is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tabletor shryines set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_10: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrinis set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_12: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrinis set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily

file: 700-122868-0000.flac
expected: of course you must be elaine anne said diana
	layer_2: of qurshe you muespe alaine an sor dan m
	layer_4: of quased yo mus be alaine an so daneam
	layer_6: of qust you must be alaine and si dianam
	layer_8: of coust you must be a layne an said diana
	layer_10: of cours you must be alane an said diana
	layer_12: of cours you must be alane an said diana

file: 700-122868-0001.flac
expected: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know i couldn't keep still
	layer_2: f cars it oot ber a mantite can eeded chan andes buti nowt at a coul kepstom
	layer_4: f care it woud ber amantaik conseetded chaine anderos but i now that i couldn keep ston
	layer_6: if course it would be romantic conceeded chaine andrus but i know that i couldn't keep stom
	layer_8: iof course it would be romantic conceeded chane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_10: of course it would be romantic conceted chane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_12: of course it would be romantic conceited chane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep ston

file: 700-122868-0002.flac
expected: but it's so ridiculous to have a redheaded elaine mourned anne
	layer_2: but at sored dicultlust haveer redd headeding lam mornd an
	layer_4: but hat sowered diculesto have a read headdeding lan morned an
	layer_6: but hiv so ardiculus to have a read heaity lain morned an
	layer_8: but it so ridiculous to have a red heaedy lane morned an
	layer_10: but its so ridiculous to have a red heaedy lane mourned anne
	layer_12: but it's so ridiculous to have a red heaedy lane mourned anne

file: 700-122868-0003.flac
expected: and elaine was the lily maid
	layer_2: and a lane was a loy an
	layer_4: and a laine was e loig ma
	layer_6: and alaine was a lovig ma
	layer_8: and a lane was a loving man
	layer_10: and alane was a loving man
	layer_12: and alane was a loving man

file: 700-122868-0004.flac
expected: your complexion is just as fair as ruby's said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_2: yer compluction tis hu susfaroas re bees said dianar aron tesy and your hears ever somemen sduckr thana ustoibe befor yu catir
	layer_4: your complection ish josus far is rebies said dian ar ar teslym and your hare as ever soemunch darckr than at us to bebefor you cuttit
	layer_6: your complection is ustas fair is rbies said diin a earnesli and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_8: your complexion is just as faire as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much jdarker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_10: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_12: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it

file: 700-122868-0005.flac
expected: it was splendid to fish for trout over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_2: it wisplened de fis for chrart of r the bace and ha thegrels lored to reodhenmslvs abaot in te litl fot bot am doyim mhssubarik hapfordectutig
	layer_4: it was splended defish for crat of er the bridge andthe toe girl's lored to ro thmselves about in the little flot bot um doryun mssurbarygeet forductuting
	layer_6: it was splended to fish for trot over the bridgh and the twow girls loared to ro themselves about in the little flaht bottom dorya mis surbary cet for ductuting
	layer_8: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lared to roaw themselves about in the little flat bottom dory misster berry kep for duk shouding
	layer_10: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lered to row themselves about in the little flat bottom dory o mister bery kept for duk shouting
	layer_12: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls leed to rowe themselves about in the little flat bottom dory o mister berry kept for duk shooting

file: 700-122868-0006.flac
expected: it was anne's idea that they dramatize elaine
	layer_2: in wasa amn die ath the jomatisalan
	layer_4: in was a nd didyat hthe jomatis alaine
	layer_6: in was andiia that the dromatize alan
	layer_8: it was aned idea that they drawmetiz a lane
	layer_10: it was ann'sidea that they drawmatiza lan
	layer_12: it was anne's idea that they dramatiza lan

file: 700-122868-0007.flac
expected: those days she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_2: therstay she sa wre sore mach worramantikcon thepresend
	layer_4: ther e' s day she sain where so mich more romanti g n the present
	layer_6: there's day she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_8: theres day she said were so much more romantic an the present
	layer_10: thers day she said we're so much more romantic in the present
	layer_12: thersday she said we're so much more romantic in the present

file: 700-122868-0008.flac
expected: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing elaine
	layer_2: they at oftin gone dowm mick this and nethink oul be mworkan veiin frplaing alai
	layer_4: they had oft in gone dow mik this and nething oul be mor kan veenient fro plaing a lan
	layer_6: they had often gone dow mlike this and nothing ould be more conveniant for plaing alain
	layer_8: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_10: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alain
	layer_12: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alain

file: 700-122868-0009.flac
expected: the black shawl having been procured anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_2: the lac shel having min procarn anspetted over the flit and then lay down on the botim with closet ies and hans fuled tet over herbresd
	layer_4: the locshall having min procurn and spet ed over tha flogt and then lay down on the bodhim with closet eyese and hands ful ded over her brest
	layer_6: the black shall having been procurn and spettiet over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closet eyes and hands fulded over her breasst
	layer_8: the blackshell having been procuren ane spet it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_10: the black shell having been procure anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_12: the black shell having been procuren anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast

file: 700-122868-0010.flac
expected: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_2: itspils theyfe fet wiegas isus hundgreds of yers befor misslone was borne
	layer_4: it spiles the ife fact wecus isus hundres of yers before missusslune was born
	layer_6: it spiles the offaect becaus hisus hundreds of years before missuslan was born
	layer_8: it spils the effact because isis hundreds of years before missus land wasborne
	layer_10: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lind wasborne
	layer_12: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lind wasborn

file: 700-122868-0011.flac
expected: jane you arrange this
	layer_2: tan yeranes
	layer_4: chain yur ranhes
	layer_6: can your renchious
	layer_8: jan your renches
	layer_10: jan yo rrences
	layer_12: jan yorrenches

file: 700-122868-0012.flac
expected: it's silly for elaine to be talking when she's dead
	layer_2: iat silly frelainedeombe tocking whenthistan
	layer_4: it sily forlland o be toking whent hi stan
	layer_6: it' silly firlaine to be talking when she stan
	layer_8: it' sily ferlyne to be talking when she' stand
	layer_10: it's sily firlane to be talking when she stan
	layer_12: it's sily firlaines to be talking when she stan

file: 700-122868-0013.flac
expected: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_2: jhan ustithi cason
	layer_4: jan rusto the a cason
	layer_6: janrusto the cason
	layer_8: jane rested the occasion
	layer_10: jane reste the occasion
	layer_12: jane ruste the occasion

file: 700-122868-0014.flac
expected: left behind at the landing
	layer_2: tha ine it the landin
	layer_4: teaf e hinedat he landing
	layer_6: teh behind o the landing
	layer_8: left behind a the landing
	layer_10: left behind it the landing
	layer_12: left behind it the landing

file: 700-122868-0015.flac
expected: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_2: angive one gasping little sgren mhch nowity ever herin she was wit the lips but she dinot lase her selfposestion
	layer_4: and give one gasbing little screem whach nowbiltyever hern she was wiht the lips but she do not luws her self posession
	layer_6: and give one gasping little scream which nobitdy ofer hern she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_8: ane gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was white to the lips but she dod not lose herself possession
	layer_10: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was whipe t the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_12: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was white t the lips but she did not lose her self possession

file: 700-122868-0016.flac
expected: there was one chance just one
	layer_2: there as on chets just on
	layer_4: there as one chance just one
	layer_6: there is one chanse just one
	layer_8: there is one chance just one
	layer_10: there is one chance just one
	layer_12: there is one chance just one

file: 700-122868-0017.flac
expected: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_2: and o set shrcomstinces youaon't think en tebot making of flowprr
	layer_4: and de suc shrkomstancses you on't think ment tobout making of flowy par
	layer_6: iunder such shircumstances you on't think mut about making a flowry prar
	layer_8: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowry paier
	layer_10: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_12: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayir

file: 700-122868-0018.flac
expected: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_2: the latee tedeundo the brce and then promly sanin mistrin
	layer_4: the vligtter ted under the breads and than promply sank in mid stramn
	layer_6: the lahtter tod under the brids and then promply sankin mid strea
	layer_8: the flaterted under the bridgs and then promply sank in midstream
	layer_10: the flat dited under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_12: the flat dited under the bridg and then promptly sank in midstream

file: 700-122868-0019.flac
expected: ruby jane and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had not a doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_2: rb jhame and thane aol rey a witting it an the lo hadlen sagt di spparbefor thei vares and han now dou but that an hnd gondon withi
	layer_4: rube jame and thana al rely a witting it on the lowr head len saught di sapperbefore ther verieis and had no dout bt that an hand gon down withi
	layer_6: ruby jame and tanna already a widting it on the lower headland saw t disappear before thei variyeyeed and had no doubt but that an had gone downe with it
	layer_8: ruby jame and danna already awitting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before thei vary eyese and had no doubt but that ane had gone down with it
	layer_10: ruby jame and diana already awaitting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their vary eyes and had no doubt but that ane had gone down with it
	layer_12: ruby jame and diana already awaitting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their vary eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it

file: 700-122868-0020.flac
expected: the minutes passed by each seeming an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_2: the min 's pas bi e sming lik an owr to the inforcionat lile min
	layer_4: the minit's pas by es siming liceond our to the infortionat lilymain
	layer_6: the minets pass by is seimming like an hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_8: the minutes passed by it seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilyman
	layer_10: the minutes passed by its seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymane
	layer_12: the minutes passed by its seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymane

file: 700-122868-0021.flac
expected: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_2: wyt hin somematy com wor had the groles gon
	layer_4: wit in some ity come were had the girl's gon
	layer_6: whydin somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_8: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_10: why didn't somebody come were had the girls gone
	layer_12: why didn't somebody come where had the girl's gone

file: 700-122868-0022.flac
expected: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_2: hor moadination begindisa jest all man eorv grusompossibility sto her
	layer_4: hor aination begaindesud jest all man orof grusompossibillity s to her
	layer_6: heremagination begin tos ugjest all mano of greusom possibilities to her
	layer_8: her imagination begin to suggest all manner of grus am possibilities to her
	layer_10: her imagination begin to suggest all manner of gruse anmdpossibilities to her
	layer_12: her imagination begin to suggest all manner of grouse amdpossibilities to her

file: 700-122868-0023.flac
expected: anne shirley
	layer_2: ansherly
	layer_4: an sharly
	layer_6: an surly
	layer_8: and surly
	layer_10: ane surly
	layer_12: anne surly

file: 700-122868-0024.flac
expected: how on earth did you get there he exclaimed
	layer_2: hoan ar to juit uptheir hainkxsclaimd
	layer_4: hon erto jut u there henk sclimed
	layer_6: how an eartho juete up there heexsclaimed
	layer_8: how an earthod jugiet up there he exclaimed
	layer_10: how on earth did you get up there he exclaimed
	layer_12: how on earth did you get up there he exclaimed

file: 700-122868-0025.flac
expected: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_2: if a sert lya extrenly div acolt tofbe dignhefined an r the saromcensecs
	layer_4: if as sertaly extrengly diviclt o be dignifined and or the sircomsancece
	layer_6: it was certainly extremly difficult to be dignifind under the circum sances
	layer_8: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_10: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_12: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances

file: 700-122868-0026.flac
expected: what has happened anne
	layer_2: whan's hapindan
	layer_4: whan h's happ in dan
	layer_6: whant is happined an
	layer_8: what has happened ane
	layer_10: what has happened anne
	layer_12: what has happened anne

file: 700-122868-0027.flac
expected: asked gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_2: atsgollert takging uposors
	layer_4: ats golert tagking upposors
	layer_6: ats gilbrt taing up his ors
	layer_8: ake gilbert taking up his ors
	layer_10: asked gilbert taking up his ors
	layer_12: aked gilbert taking up his ors

file: 700-122868-0028.flac
expected: we were playing elaine explained anne frigidly without even looking at her rescuer and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the flat
	layer_2: mwe a paing in lame exxplind and forde thy without evmren liking ad her breuscouo an i had tod jrifts doun t camemo ind the barge anin the fo
	layer_4: we wre playing in lame explained and forgdothy withouht evmen looking at her bres urow and i had tod drift douwn to came out ind the barge anming the fot
	layer_6: we were playing in lane explained and fordely without even looking at her rusuro and i had to drift down to camlat in the barge aning the fot
	layer_8: we were playing in lan explained and frdily without even looking at her rescuro and i had to drift down to camlot and the barge i mean the fot
	layer_10: we were playing in lane explained anne fredily without even looking at her rescuro and i had to drift down to kamlot and the barge i mean the fot
	layer_12: we were playing in lane explained anne fredily without even looking at her rescuro and i had to drift down to kamlot and the barge i mean the fot

file: 700-122868-0029.flac
expected: for a moment anne hesitated
	layer_2: for momman an heasit hadtim
	layer_4: for  moman an heasitathim
	layer_6: for a momen an hesitate him
	layer_8: for a moment an hesitate him
	layer_10: for a moment ane hesitate im
	layer_12: for a moment anne hesitate him

file: 700-122868-0030.flac
expected: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_2: her hat geve a quik cr littl b
	layer_4: her hart gave a quick quer little be
	layer_6: her heart give a quick queer little be
	layer_8: her heart gave a quick queer little be
	layer_10: her heart gave a quick queer little ba
	layer_12: her heart gave a quick queer little bea

file: 700-122868-0031.flac
expected: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_2: here rasent men whihs to ather n alderpebl myt be s laffavasits cis was a know wait alayd and sofen by timesimly
	layer_4: here wesent men whichs to other an alder peoble might bes laff ovl as its caus was a know wit alade and softene by time seemingly
	layer_6: her resentmen which to other an ulder people might beslaughfable as its cause was a no wit alaid and softened by time seemingly
	layer_8: her resentment which to other an older people might be slauhable as its cause was an no wit alade and softened by time seemingly
	layer_10: her resentment which to otheran older people might be slauhable as its cause was a no wit alayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_12: her resentment which to other an older people might be slauphable as its cause was a no wit alayed and softened by time seemingly

file: 700-122868-0032.flac
expected: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_2: no she said caoldtyi i shon neverye frend wirt theu glber blifeh and i dot antobe
	layer_4: no she said caldlig i shalnl neverbe frends with th ou gilbert blifte and i don't an to be
	layer_6: no she said calledle i shall never mbe friends with you gilbeurt blite and i don't wan to be
	layer_8: no she said caldlyg i shall never be friends with you gilbert lifhe and i don't want to be
	layer_10: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blifh and i don't want to be
	layer_12: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blifhe and i don't want to be

file: 700-122868-0033.flac
expected: all right
	layer_2: ar
	layer_4: ori
	layer_6: al ri
	layer_8: all right
	layer_10: all right
	layer_12: all right

file: 700-122868-0034.flac
expected: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_2: anl tever as ku do befrensigan an shrlly an idon car ther
	layer_4: alnl never as guto befriensagan an sharly an i o'n't carether
	layer_6: ill never ask you to be friends again and cherly ad i dnon't care either
	layer_8: i'll never ask you to be friends again ane sharly and i don't care either
	layer_10: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne charley and i don't care either
	layer_12: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne charley and i don't care either

file: 700-122868-0035.flac
expected: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_2: of quoarse he had ind sldit herd tarably bth sto
	layer_4: of cuourst he had an slti hered taribly buth stel
	layer_6: of courst he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_8: of cours he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_10: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_12: of course he had insulted her terribly but still

file: 700-122868-0036.flac
expected: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into a scrape
	layer_2: everething adw getts me ormy teroes fransintusca
	layer_4: ierything i doe gets me or my ter us frinsintooscat
	layer_6: ibrything i do gets me or my tearas friends into a scrat
	layer_8: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_10: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_12: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escrape

file: 700-122868-0037.flac
expected: anne's presentiment proved more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do
	layer_2: ans prsentiment preve mor chruswrethy them presentimens ar ap todai
	layer_4: ans percentiment pre ve mor tres werthy the prcentimens oure ap to da
	layer_6: an's perecentiment proovf more trest worthy than precentimens are ap to d
	layer_8: an's peresentiment prove more trustworthy than prsentiments are apt to d
	layer_10: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than peresentiments are apt to do
	layer_12: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than persentiments are apt to do

file: 700-122868-0038.flac
expected: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_2: bl you ever havany sencs an gr mor elo
	layer_4: ble you ever havany sens an grmor ala
	layer_6: bill you ever haveany sence an gromerila
	layer_8: will you ever have any sense ane groe murila
	layer_10: will you ever have any sense anne groe marilla
	layer_12: will you ever have any sense anne groe marilla

file: 700-122868-0039.flac
expected: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_2: idon sy how suid mrle
	layer_4: idon' sy how said mrila
	layer_6: i don't sey how said merila
	layer_8: i don't seey how said marilla
	layer_10: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_12: i don't see how said marilla

file: 700-122868-0040.flac
expected: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_2: aversmsi cametigringiables iven maging mis steks and itc e staig haslp tocar mie of som grat surt coming
	layer_4: everseme si camed to grin gables ivben maging tes staxs and each ofe stake hes help to curme of som greate sort coming
	layer_6: ever soms i came to green gables i'vbee maging mestakes and each o astake ha telpd to cuare me of some great short coming
	layer_8: ever since i came to greengables i'v been maging mistakes an each o istake has helped to cure me of some great short coming
	layer_10: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each f a stake has helpd to cure me of some great short coming
	layer_12: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each f he stake has helped to cure me of some great short coming

file: 700-122867-0000.flac
expected: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_2: ben adi in vexation thof spon
	layer_4: banity invexation t of spaet
	layer_6: banity invecation of spant
	layer_8: banity and vexation of spart
	layer_10: vanity and vexation of sprt
	layer_12: vanity and vexation of sperit

file: 700-122867-0001.flac
expected: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_2: the sping was abrotn the lend and meral a sober minttlace step wa liter ans wifter becasif itstepp prim mlglanes
	layer_4: thi spring was a brod n the land and merales sober mintl lage step was liter ans wifter becas if it steep primemo glaness
	layer_6: the spring was a brogh in the leand and merlas sober midtlelage step was ligher and swifter because of itsteep primold gladness
	layer_8: the spring was a broad in the land and merillas sober midlelage step was ligher and swifter because of its deep primold gladness
	layer_10: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep prime old gladness
	layer_12: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep prime old gladness

file: 700-122867-0002.flac
expected: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_2: i mes say wit thall her fots i neverfandher disuppedian or un chrust wre te before and ad rel sariget ofinter son now
	layer_4: i mus say withthoul her foughts i never found her disippedian our un trust woard they before and im real saried ofiner so now
	layer_6: i must say withall her fouts i never found her disapediant or untrust wordthy before and i'm real siryedto find er so now
	layer_8: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disapedient or untrust worhthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_10: i must say with all her thoughts i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_12: i must say with all her faughts i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now

file: 700-122867-0003.flac
expected: perhaps you're judging her too hasty marilla
	layer_2: berhapsherjedin her to hastilying herella
	layer_4: berhapserd jedin her to hasteling mer ela
	layer_6: perhapter judin her two hastilaerilla
	layer_8: perhaps you' judgin her too hastily marilla
	layer_10: perhaps you're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_12: perhaps you'r judging her too hastily marilla

file: 700-122867-0004.flac
expected: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing her up not you
	layer_2: the qursi ne you takc her part mat e bt am bring nyer a not yhi
	layer_4: thoe qursi kne you take her part meathou but imbring your ep not you
	layer_6: of qoure i knew you take her part maho but i'm bring your ep not you
	layer_8: of course i kne you take her part mathe but i'm bring your up not yu
	layer_10: of course i knew youd take her part mathew but i'm bring yourup not you
	layer_12: of course i knee you take her part matthew but i'm bring yourup not you

file: 700-122867-0005.flac
expected: demanded marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_2: dor mendedn nerala aenxto sly go ing overthe the bam
	layer_4: dimendedn ere lar enxso sle going overt the ba
	layer_6: dimendin rerila anxeslee going overto the b
	layer_8: demended marilla anxosly going over to the bad
	layer_10: demended marilla anxously going over to the ba
	layer_12: demended marilla anxiously going over to the ba

file: 700-122867-0006.flac
expected: anne cowered deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_2: an cowred deper in to herpilles as if tosires of hiding her selrever from mort al ies now
	layer_4: and cowrd deeoper into her pillas as if tesirus of highting her self rever from mortale ies now
	layer_6: and cowere deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_8: an cowered deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_10: anne cowared deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_12: anne cowared deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself for ever from mortal eyes no

file: 700-122867-0007.flac
expected: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_2: get rid ap fis mined in tommy
	layer_4: get ride a fis mini in tommi
	layer_6: get righte up fhis mited en telme
	layer_8: get righte up this minute and tel me
	layer_10: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_12: get right up this minute and tell me

file: 700-122867-0008.flac
expected: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_2: this min int i cay thanno what irsit
	layer_4: this min it i say theanno what oas it
	layer_6: this minit i say there no what is it
	layer_8: this minute i say there no what es it
	layer_10: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_12: this minute i say there now what is it

file: 700-122867-0009.flac
expected: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_2: an hadesled to the for indesparing a bedance
	layer_4: and have slid to the fore in dosparing abediaence
	layer_6: and had slid to the flor in disparing amediance
	layer_8: and had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_10: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_12: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience

file: 700-122867-0010.flac
expected: yes it's green moaned anne
	layer_2: hes as grm mod an
	layer_4: yes it's grmn mond an
	layer_6: yes it's gream mondan
	layer_8: yes it's greaem moned ane
	layer_10: yes it's greemn moned ae
	layer_12: yes it's greem moned an

file: 700-122867-0011.flac
expected: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_2: at totnothin conbis battes radt har
	layer_4: i fouht nothing con beoas bad as read heire
	layer_6: i fhought nothing can be as bot as red a hair
	layer_8: i thought nothing can be as bod as red hair
	layer_10: i thought nothing can be as bod as red a hair
	layer_12: i thought nothing can be as bod as red a hair

file: 700-122867-0012.flac
expected: you haven't got into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_2: youvean gotn intiny scrat for over tu ment and i was sher othe on wastair
	layer_4: yoovene goten intony scrate for verto mont and i was sheren nother one was dar
	layer_6: yu aven goten intony scrat for over two mons and i was sure nother one was der
	layer_8: you ave' goten intony scrate for over two monts and i was sure another one was der
	layer_10: you aven't gotan intoniy scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_12: youhaven't gottan intony scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was dear

file: 700-122867-0013.flac
expected: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_2: nothen whut ta yud dishear har
	layer_4: nothen what tat youd dout eor her
	layer_6: now then what did you do eo your hair
	layer_8: now then what did you do t your hair
	layer_10: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_12: now then what did you do to your hair

file: 700-122867-0014.flac
expected: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_2: and shrly tining  knowit was  wik ad fhing to d
	layer_4: an shurly didnn you know it was wicked fhing to do
	layer_6: and surely didn't you knw it was wicked thing to do
	layer_8: and sirly didn't you know it was wickid thing to do
	layer_10: anne sirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_12: anne sirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do

file: 700-122867-0015.flac
expected: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_2: yes innw was a litta wikim a minedam
	layer_4: yes i knot was a little wikin ad mined amn
	layer_6: yes i knew was a little wicken admided am
	layer_8: yes i knew it was a little wicken amited am
	layer_10: yes i knew it was a little wicken admitted anne
	layer_12: yes i knew it was a little wicken admitted anne

file: 700-122867-0016.flac
expected: i know what it feels like to have your word doubted
	layer_2: in oin i fals ike to have yur wor n dad in
	layer_4: i now int i feals ike to have your wore and dat in
	layer_6: i know ant it fels like to have your worn datin
	layer_8: i know wht it feels like to have your worn't atdi
	layer_10: i know what it feels like to have your wornt aid
	layer_12: i know what it feels like to have your wornt atid

file: 700-122867-0017.flac
expected: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_2: an misus oln saes we sheld neversespec any in of not telin as the ctrth adlus wy have rfhr ther nat
	layer_4: ad missus allin says we should never suspec any wened of not telling as the truth andless be have pruothoat ther knot
	layer_6: ad missus allansays we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proft hat their not
	layer_8: and missus alland says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have profh that the're not
	layer_10: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_12: and missus allen says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that the're not

file: 700-122867-0018.flac
expected: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_2: buti hanen then and ibeliemt every word he sad inplisidly
	layer_4: but i hadnend then and i beleved every word he said implissintly
	layer_6: but i haddn then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_8: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitely
	layer_10: but i hadn't hen and i believed every word he said implicitely
	layer_12: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly

file: 700-122867-0019.flac
expected: who said who are you talking about
	layer_2: h sain ho yoa tanin abou
	layer_4: who san hor you tuding aboum
	layer_6: who san wher you tiking about
	layer_8: who sad whowe you taking about
	layer_10: whosan who re you talking about
	layer_12: whosan whore you talking about

file: 700-122867-0020.flac
expected: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_2: o i enletim in the hs
	layer_4: oh i dinletim in the hous
	layer_6: oh i didnt let him in the house
	layer_8: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_10: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_12: oh i didn't let him in the house

file: 700-122867-0021.flac
expected: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_2: ind achrse a sonisev ith butifor ravean black hare an th timtation mas er sustibom
	layer_4: in a trise i sown iselve ith butifor rave en black haire and the timtation mis er isistiben
	layer_6: in attrice i sown myself with beautifl raveand black hair and the timptation mis irasistibl
	layer_8: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raveend black hair and the temptation mass iresistible
	layer_10: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_12: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible

file: 700-122867-0022.flac
expected: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_2: omorrelu aut a tangold wae weye weve en frise we practes tutes se
	layer_4: o were rela what a tengled wab we weve wen firist we practes to ti see
	layer_6: o er rilla whet had tangled web we weve when first we practis to to seive
	layer_8: o marilla what ad tangled web we weve when first we practice to deceive
	layer_10: oh marrilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_12: oh marilla what a tangled web we weeve when first we practice to deceive

file: 700-122867-0023.flac
expected: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_2: yo her mus be cud o theires noe tha wat he cang o iuwithat le o ligkt tha
	layer_4: you hermust becoud ogf there as now re ther waem ye cank ow ou withat likng linke tha
	layer_6: you hear moust be cut off there i's no o ther way you can' go outwith at lioking like tha
	layer_8: you hear must be cut off there i's no other way you can't go out with it loking like that
	layer_10: you her must be cut off there 's no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_12: you her must be cut off there 's no other way you can't go out with it looking like that

file: 700-122867-0024.flac
expected: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_2: withtha dis mal si she en for the suseit
	layer_4: with a dismal siyee she ment for the cisers
	layer_6: with a dismal sige she went for the sisers
	layer_8: with a dismal sigh she went for the siserss
	layer_10: with a dismal sigh she went for the cizer
	layer_12: with a dismal sigh she went for the cizers

file: 700-122867-0025.flac
expected: but there is nothing comforting in having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_2: but ther wis nothin comepfrting and haveing yor hearecuad afe bechis heve dated a jrudful collor is thi
	layer_4: but there was nothing comefording and having yor herecoud of becous hive dited ad droudful collor is thei
	layer_6: but there wis nothing comforeting and having our haircut off becaus hi'e dided a dreudful collor is the
	layer_8: but therewis nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dieded a droudful collor is ther
	layer_10: but therewis nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful collar is there
	layer_12: but there w's nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful collar is there

file: 700-122867-0026.flac
expected: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_2: and wen to weep alld the time e couding atd ouh if it onin er fear
	layer_4: and wen to wep all the time r coudting at ogh if it one in or fear
	layer_6: i'm wen to weep all the time your cutting it off if it wone in erfear
	layer_8: i'm ging to weep all the time youre cutting it off if it wont interfer
	layer_10: i'm going to weep all the time ou're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_12: i'm going to weep all the time yu're cutting it off if it won't interfere

file: 700-122867-0027.flac
expected: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_2: i seme sa te thage hin
	layer_4: it seeme sa to tradic thing
	layer_6: its seemed sa to tradgic thing
	layer_8: it seemesd suh a tragic thing
	layer_10: it seem such a tragic thing
	layer_12: it seeme such a tragic thing

file: 700-122867-0028.flac
expected: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_2: and weppthen bu later one men she wenpstarsn lotin the glas she was commito spam
	layer_4: and wep then bu later on wen she wen ub stars an looke in the glass she was colme at to spam
	layer_6: and wep then but lather on wen she went up stairs ad looked in the glass she was calm wit o span
	layer_8: ane wept then but lad her on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm wit ispan
	layer_10: anne wept then but lat her on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_12: anne wept then but lather on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair

file: 700-122867-0029.flac
expected: yes i will too
	layer_2: yes i wil  ou
	layer_4: yes i weltou
	layer_6: yes i will tou
	layer_8: yes i will too
	layer_10: yes i will to
	layer_12: yes i will to

file: 700-122867-0030.flac
expected: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_2: and ive rathot ie as a van abut my har of alfhinggs but ni noy wes and spitiveet's being ran becas of a si long an thlicon cuely
	layer_4: ind ever though iewas a vain about my har of althings but now i nowi was and spitiv it'sbeing ren becaus if as so long and thicken cuarlyn
	layer_6: i never thought i was avain about my hair of all things but now i know i was and spit of its being red because if as so long and thick and curli
	layer_8: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it as so long and thick and curli
	layer_10: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curling
	layer_12: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curling

file: 700-122867-0031.flac
expected: i expect something will happen to my nose next
	layer_2: expexome thing howm wheharpento i norrs nexst
	layer_4: expeccome thing hom whe hapento e y nos next
	layer_6: expect s omethinghowm wil happine to my nows next
	layer_8: i expect something ha will appene to my nose next
	layer_10: i expect something ham wil happen to my nose next
	layer_12: i expect something ham will happen to my nose next

file: 700-122867-0032.flac
expected: anne's clipped head made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josie pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_2: an's clot tad matisincationan scon the folloing mendy but o here rely nobatyges th ril resondfornt not iven juty pigt who howvert did not fald twin form an that she looklyk a pervfecx scaircr
	layer_4: and's clep tad matisan sationan scoon the following menday but to her relyf nobetygest he real reson for n notiven just y pight who however did not faled toin form an that she look like a perfeccarco
	layer_6: and'sclipt head made i sinsation an school n the following menday but to her reliaf nobody gest the real reason for int not even justy pi who however did not faild to nform an that she lookd like a perfect scarecro
	layer_8: ane's cliptd had made a sensation in school on the following menday but to her relief nobody guess the real reason for it not even juste pi who however did not fail to inform ane that she lookedlike a perfect scarecrow
	layer_10: ane's clipped had made a sensation in school on the following menday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even jostipi who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_12: ane's clipped had made a sensation in school on the following menday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even jostipi who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow

file: 700-122867-0033.flac
expected: it's hard to be told you look like a scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_2: it hard to be touldyhu the cli c a scarfh cscarcrow and i on anto sasthenthing ba bet iaddid it
	layer_4: it' hared to be told you lhoclike a scarth kit scarcro and i one in to sase temthing bak but i dit it
	layer_6: it's hard to be told you look like a scarth kik scarecrow and i wane en to sase theme thing back but i did it
	layer_8: it's hard to be told you look like a scarth kick scarecrow and i wanted to say some thing back but i did it
	layer_10: it's hard to be told you look like a scareth kick scarecrow and i wanted to say some thing back but i didnt
	layer_12: it's hard to be told you look like a scareth kick scarecrow and i wanted to say some thing back but i didt

file: 700-122867-0034.flac
expected: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_2: amax she fyil vary voruis wan yfforgive pepon thusmne
	layer_4: amees yo full vaery vrtuus wen yu forgive people thosinet
	layer_6: id make you fell very virtuus wen you forgive people dosn it
	layer_8: i makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_10: int makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_12: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it

file: 700-122867-0035.flac
expected: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_2: amantet evo a my iner ges to peeing god ufter this an i sho never crid to be peutafugaen
	layer_4: i meantod evout all my inrges to bing god ufter this and i shl never tried to be pbeoutiful a gaint
	layer_6: i mean to devot all my intergiese to beeng god after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_8: i mean to devot all my inergies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_10: i mean to devot all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_12: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again

file: 700-122867-0036.flac
expected: of course it's better to be good
	layer_2: tef cart its bet erd to beket
	layer_4: tof corsts it's betterd to begot
	layer_6: of course it's better to be got
	layer_8: of course it's better to be good
	layer_10: of course it's better to be good
	layer_12: of course it's better to be good

file: 700-122867-0037.flac
expected: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_2: a  i realy ontobe goud orela tha  ad misus oime amisstaty and group to be  cretit tyou
	layer_4: i do realy on to be gooddnmorla thei ou and misses olime ad misdaty and grop to be a credit to you
	layer_6: i do realy want to be good n rila thake you and missus alam ad miss dascy and grup to be a credit to you
	layer_8: i do really want to be good i mrilla lhike you and missus allam andmiss dasy and gr up to be a credit to you
	layer_10: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss tascy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_12: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allamn and miss stasy and grow up to be a credit to you

file: 700-122867-0038.flac
expected: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_2: din asais when my hearbecon stogro to ti a blak ovethet rivbn aroun my hadit tha bot wonsit
	layer_4: din asas when my hear be gon stogrow to tia black ovelthat riben arroun my had witht ha bot wone site
	layer_6: dianesays when my hear begins to grow to tia black a veltat riben around my head with a bo at one side
	layer_8: dianas says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_10: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_12: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side

file: 700-122867-0039.flac
expected: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_2: ivlcolit a snd tat soumn so weremantic
	layer_4: i wilcollet a sned that sown so ermantick
	layer_6: i wil collt as snewd that sound so rmantic
	layer_8: i will call it a snoewd that sounds so rmantic
	layer_10: i will call it a snoewde that sounds so romantic
	layer_12: i will call it a snoewd that sounds so romantic

file: 700-122867-0040.flac
expected: my head is better now
	layer_2: mi had is pettr no
	layer_4: my had is better now
	layer_6: my head as better now
	layer_8: my head is better now
	layer_10: my head is better now
	layer_12: my head is better now

file: 700-122867-0041.flac
expected: it was terrible bad this afternoon though
	layer_2: is tarblbathaseftren um the
	layer_4: os tarible batha safternun thew
	layer_6: ws terible bo ths afternoon thou
	layer_8: it was terrible bathis afternoon tho
	layer_10: it was terrible ba this afternoon thouh
	layer_12: it was terrible bad this afternoon though

file: 700-122866-0000.flac
expected: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_2: jon yher avenle fond ed hard do settl dond toe hom jromengcistencsagan
	layer_4: jon your aven lya fondit har de settle downd to hume jrumming istancs aging
	layer_6: juniur avenle foundit hard to settle down to hum druming istance again
	layer_8: junor avenleve found it hard to settle down to humdrumingxistence again
	layer_10: junior avenleefe found it hard to settle down to humdrum ixistence again
	layer_12: junior avenleefe found it hard to settle down to humdrum ixistence again

file: 700-122866-0001.flac
expected: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_2: per haps after wil olga yus to i but an afrad conter spail peplefor everedi life
	layer_4: perhaps after wile ugat yus to it but im afrad conswerd spil people for everyda life
	layer_6: perhaps after while i'll get used to it but i'm afrad conswered spoil people for evry dayd life
	layer_8: perhaps after a while i'll get use to it but i'm afraid concwert spoil people for everyday life
	layer_10: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday life
	layer_12: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday  life

file: 700-122866-0002.flac
expected: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_2: asaposat his wim errli disapprse of them
	layer_4: as sappose at is wime rrilli di sappruse of them
	layer_6: i suppose hat his wime arilla di sappruse of them
	layer_8: i suppose that his wyme arila disappros of them
	layer_10: i suppose that is wyam marilla disapproves of them
	layer_12: i suppose that his wyiam marilla disapproves of them

file: 700-122866-0003.flac
expected: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_2: i fls es naw that a ma gr upe to be sintibl et
	layer_4: i fel jes nowthat i ma grw up to be sinsible yet
	layer_6: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sinsible yet
	layer_8: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_10: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_12: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet

file: 700-122866-0004.flac
expected: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_2: i is lay wakn a magin the consert over an overig
	layer_4: i dis laywak an amagin the conswert over an overiga
	layer_6: i dis layawak in amagine the consert over and overagae
	layer_8: i dis lay awak and imagine the concert over and over againt
	layer_10: i just lay awake and imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_12: i just lay awake and imagine the concert over and over again

file: 700-122866-0005.flac
expected: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_2: ivencually hiveerr avenlyscourslipt bakonto ats al grv and tocupets ald intrests
	layer_4: ifventially hiver avenly scouseliped backon to its al grov and toocup its old intrests
	layer_6: ieventually hiverm avenly scoreslipped back into its alld grove and took up its old interests
	layer_8: eventually hoever avornly schole slipped back into its old grove and took up its old interests
	layer_10: eventually however avenley school slipped back into its old grove and took up its old interests
	layer_12: eventually however avenley school slipped back into its old grove and took up its old interests

file: 700-122866-0006.flac
expected: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the program and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_2: and tof the sloins wiethave aneng dalings worf the bos bec has the bolsha teclard t at the slons had tho meche to din he program ind the slons hadpretorted that the bels when a capible of ding thof littale they hadto dy proprely
	layer_4: nan o the slowns withave any dalings with the bous becas the bals had de clare that the slons had two muche to dow in the program and the slomnes had retorted that the beus wen it capable ofdoing the littaled they had to do properly
	layer_6: nenother slones wuld have any delings with the bows because the bells had declaire that the slones had too much to do in the progran in the slones had pretarted hat the bels we not capable of doing the littled they had to do properly
	layer_8: non other slones would have any dealings with the belws because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the programe and the slones had retorted tat the bels were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_10: none ofthe slones would have any dealings with the bels because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programe and the slones had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_12: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programe and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly

file: 700-122866-0007.flac
expected: the winter weeks slipped by
	layer_2: the wenter wekslit bi
	layer_4: the wenter wek slit bime
	layer_6: the winter week slip by
	layer_8: the winter weak slipd by
	layer_10: the winter week sliped by
	layer_12: the winter weak slipped by

file: 700-122866-0008.flac
expected: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all their chatter for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_2: an an's bret day theyvera trping lygt lhy danit kheping isan ears a lert a mit all the chadam prmistay had thold tem th theym ms son reat a composisionon a wenters waok in the woots and at bewove them to be absorment
	layer_4: un an's breth day they wre triping ligtely dannit keeoping es and ears a lert a mit all the chadtem for misstaty had told them th they mas son readt a composition on a wenteres walk in the woodds and it bewhoved them to be abserent
	layer_6: on an's breth day they were tripping lightly dawn it keeping eyes and ears a leart a mit all the chadem for mistacy had told them thathey must soon rad a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observment
	layer_8: on an's brthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatem for miss tasy had told them that they must soon rade a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant
	layer_10: on ane's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatem for miss stacy had told them that they must soon wride a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_12: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatem for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant

file: 700-122866-0009.flac
expected: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_2: i conscarsly realist am in myh tencs
	layer_4: i conscarsely realis at im in myg tens
	layer_6: i can scarcely realise hat i min my teens
	layer_8: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_10: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my tens
	layer_12: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my tens

file: 700-122866-0010.flac
expected: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_2: it ecrat comefr to thing fut o be abl us beg ords then withoutping lafta
	layer_4: its  creak comefort to thingk that o be ablets big words then withoutbing lafta
	layer_6: it's a great comeford to think that il be able touse bigg words then without being laught a
	layer_8: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to ouse big words then without being laughed at
	layer_10: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_12: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at

file: 700-122866-0011.flac
expected: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beaus said anne disdainfully
	layer_2: wheo begillastinc ifnnothingbut b said an de stame frlyng
	layer_4: roh begilleastinks of nothing but bosh said andestame foling
	layer_6: rubeguillus thinks if nothing but bosh said anderstamefuling
	layer_8: ruby guillaus thinks of nothing but both said anda sdanefully
	layer_10: ruby gilis thinks of nothing but both said andasdainfully
	layer_12: ruby gilis thinks of nothing but both said annede sdanfully

file: 700-122866-0012.flac
expected: she's actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_2: shes actili d e ligded wreninon rigt's hername ou pen a take noedes for all she pretance to be sto mane
	layer_4: shes actulie de lighted when on i wone rihts hernam upen a takenotecs for all she pretense to be so ma
	layer_6: she's acturly delighted whenen an ene right's her name up n a take notice for all she prtens to be so man
	layer_8: she is actually delighted when any one writes her name up an a take notice for all she pretends to be so ma
	layer_10: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up ant take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_12: she is actually delighted when any one writes her name up an a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad

file: 700-122866-0013.flac
expected: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_2: and tin to beas muchlike nmisssallon as i phoifbycan frithing shes pherffict
	layer_4: am ting to be as muchlike misses alan as i possibly can for i thing sheis perfict
	layer_6: i'm tring to be as much like missus alan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_8: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_10: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she 's perfect
	layer_12: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she's perfect

file: 700-122866-0014.flac
expected: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_2: i fi had allas bels crikts nos said an the sudiedly i woultint buth ther
	layer_4: if i had alas bell's crikts knowse said and the sutedly i would ent but there
	layer_6: if i had alles bell's crickt's nos said andescidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_8: if i had alice bell's crockt' nose said ane decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_10: if i had alice bell's crooket' nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_12: if i had alice bell's crooket' nose said ane decidedly i wouldn't but there

file: 700-122866-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_2: an fraitavthingthememed to but min nrs afe re sons i herd that complemin aboutat long agor
	layer_4: ad wefraghithing to mud to but myi nows afe re sons i hered that complimin abot it longago
	layer_6: i' afrighd i think too mu abut my nos ave rescincs i head that complimen about it long ago
	layer_8: i'm afrid i think too much about my nose every since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_10: i'm afrid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_12: i'm afrid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago

file: 700-122866-0016.flac
expected: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_2: a di ana tk this ar brabi
	layer_4: o diyana lhook ther s a rabit
	layer_6: o diana look ther's a rabbit
	layer_8: oh diana look theres a rabbit
	layer_10: oh diana look ther's a rabbit
	layer_12: oh diana look there's a rabbit

file: 700-122866-0017.flac
expected: they're so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_2: the so wit in stel as af theyre oa slependrening prity treams
	layer_4: ther so wiht in sti as af they e u slep en dreming prity dreeams
	layer_6: there so whit an still as if they were a sleep ind dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_8: there so white and still as if they were a sleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_10: the'e so white and still as if they were a sleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_12: they'e so white and still as if they were a sleep ind dreaming pretty dreams

file: 700-122866-0018.flac
expected: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_2: i wortat las munda ev ning
	layer_4: i wout it lass mundit evening
	layer_6: i rotit last mondae evening
	layer_8: i wote at last monday evening
	layer_10: i wrote at last monday evening
	layer_12: i wrote at last monday evening

file: 700-122866-0019.flac
expected: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_2: its coat the jhelis rivbl or in de not t oviten
	layer_4: its calt the jelles rivle or in det not dofvihten
	layer_6: its caut the gelucs rivale or in death not dividten
	layer_8: its calt the jealous rival or in death not dividen
	layer_10: its cauht the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_12: it's cauht the jealous rival or in death not divided

file: 700-122866-0020.flac
expected: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_2: i ret a timariler and she sat it wa stfan  nonsents
	layer_4: i ret itd tom arila and she sad it was stuf end nonsence
	layer_6: i readed to marilla and she said it was stuff ind nonsense
	layer_8: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuf ind nonsense
	layer_10: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff ind nonsense
	layer_12: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff ind nonsense

file: 700-122866-0021.flac
expected: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_2: it  sad sreeat story
	layer_4: it a sad sweeat sory
	layer_6: it' a sad sweet story
	layer_8: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_10: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_12: it's a sad sweet story

file: 700-122866-0022.flac
expected: cordelia was a regal brunette with a coronet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_2: cor deill r was a regle brn nat wi the cornet of mbid nigte hare and dusply faing is
	layer_4: cor deal ye was a regl br nat with a cornet of middnighte haire and duskly flasthing is
	layer_6: cordelia was a regal brnet with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_8: cordelia was a regal bunet with a cornete of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_10: cordelia was a regle brunete with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_12: cordelia was a regle brunete with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes

file: 700-122866-0023.flac
expected: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_2: honoustom much more thn e daed wen youwer only twauf
	layer_4: o nos t oe much more than o did when you were only twolu
	layer_6: ou know sto much more than you did when you were only twolt
	layer_8: you know s o much more than you did when you were only twelv
	layer_10: you know sto much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_12: you knowsto much more than you did when you were only twelv

file: 700-122866-0024.flac
expected: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_2: the gr in butisid by sid antill teyverestixten
	layer_4: they grein buty siged by side and till they erstex ten
	layer_6: they grew ind beuy sid by sid until they er stix teen
	layer_8: they grew ind beautiy side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_10: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_12: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen

file: 700-122866-0025.flac
expected: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_2: i ast ry vbe gillss af sheenuinything abat hom men prpos be as i thot shu lekely ben taf fordy onf the subjict hav ing som miny sisters marihte
	layer_4: i ast rebe gilcs of shnuanything abot hme men propose bec as ie thoht she likely ben a thourdy onf the subjict having soe anty sister's marit
	layer_6: i aske reby guilliucs if she knew anything about how men bropose because i thought she likely been athority on the subject having somoany sisters married
	layer_8: i askd raby gillius if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she likely ben authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_10: i asked raby gilius if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she' likely bean authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_12: i asked fraby gilis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married

file: 700-122866-0026.flac
expected: but she pretended to be geraldine's friend the same as ever
	layer_2: but sheprtended to be jaledians franthe sim is over
	layer_4: but she prtended to be jarldians fran thesame is ever
	layer_6: but she prtended to be jarldiance friend the same is ever
	layer_8: but she pretended to be jaldian's friend the same as ever
	layer_10: but she pretended to be jarldian's friend the same as ever
	layer_12: but she pretended to be aldian's friend the same as ever

file: 700-122866-0027.flac
expected: let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_2: let se youin me have a storyclob alron and rigt stoies r practes
	layer_4: let's  youind me have a storyclub alleron and right storieus ore practis
	layer_6: let's  you an me have a story club olloaron and righte storius for practise
	layer_8: let's you and me have a story club aleroan and riht stories for practice
	layer_10: let's you and me have a story club oleron and write stories for practice
	layer_12: let's you and me have a story club oleron and write stories for practice

file: 700-122866-0028.flac
expected: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_2: you ot tocot vat your moand natunu now mistacee sai sem
	layer_4: you ut to calt vit your a maund nation you know mistacey sa se
	layer_6: you at to caugt vit your amadination you know mistacy say so
	layer_8: you ouht to cutivat your imagination you know mis dasy sayds so
	layer_10: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss dasy says so
	layer_12: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss dasy says so

file: 700-122866-0029.flac
expected: only we must take the right way
	layer_2: anlan g e mustike the rigt wa
	layer_4: anlin eu mus tick the rigt we
	layer_6: only wyou must tik the wright wey
	layer_8: only weou must take the right way
	layer_10: only we must take the right way
	layer_12: only we must take the right way

file: 700-122866-0030.flac
expected: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_2: this was how the storyclip camintinxsistencs
	layer_4: this was how the storyclbp came into anxistance
	layer_6: this was how the story clup came into ixistence
	layer_8: this was how te story club came into existence
	layer_10: this was how the story club came into ixistence
	layer_12: this was how the story club came into ixistence

file: 700-122866-0031.flac
expected: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opined that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_2: no boiyts wr alodinant o the reby guls a pin tha ther and mition would makit warx iding and each member had toprese on story omek
	layer_4: now boyce ere alod inent other rebegules a pined that their admission would makeet mork sigting and eache member had tiprtduse one story obek
	layer_6: no boycse were alowd in it al theuy rubegulaus apind that their admission would make it morek ciding and each member had to prduce one story o beak
	layer_8: no boys were allowed in it allthough ruby gullous a pined that their admission would make it more exciting an each member had to produce one story o beik
	layer_10: no boys were allowed in it allthough ruby gilus a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story oik
	layer_12: no boys were allowed in it allthough ruby gilis apine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story omeik

file: 700-122866-0032.flac
expected: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_2: each crolester reat her story out loud and then me tokad over
	layer_4: each grles or reat her story out loud and then me tok etd over
	layer_6: each girl hes to reat her story outloud and then me talk it over
	layer_8: each girl hast to read her story outloud and then me talk it over
	layer_10: each girl has to read her story outloud and then we talk it over
	layer_12: each girl has to read her story outloud and then we talk it over

file: 700-122866-0033.flac
expected: mine is rosamond montmorency all the girls do pretty well
	layer_2: mi nas rosamnd mont masera authegrelstye pfrety bau
	layer_4: my nes rosamond mont moresery al thegrils e prety wout
	layer_6: minaws rosamnd montdmoresery allthe girls u pretty wout
	layer_8: mynis rosamand mont morcer all the girl s o pretty wo
	layer_10: minas rosamand mont morseri all the girls seu pretty wol
	layer_12: minas rosamand mont morseri all the girls teo pretty wol

file: 700-122866-0034.flac
expected: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_2: and sur that must hovele holson thef fee
	layer_4: a'm sre that must have e hols an tof fat
	layer_6: i'm sur that must have a wholseom theffect
	layer_8: i m sure that must have a whole some effect
	layer_10: i 'm sure that must have a wholesome ffect
	layer_12: i 'm sure that must have a wholesome effect

file: 700-122866-0035.flac
expected: the moral is the great thing mister allan says so
	layer_2: the moarwas the grat fing mistrolan sesei
	layer_4: the morlwas the greate thing misterallan sadso
	layer_6: the morelas the great thing mister eland sayd so
	layer_8: the morel is the great thing mister ellen sayd so
	layer_10: the morl is the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_12: the morl is the great thing mister ellen says so

file: 700-122866-0036.flac
expected: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_2: irad hon a mystoise to hamin misesolon and they botthegry thot the morl ba eccelnt
	layer_4: i rad one a my storise to him ind missesallemn and they bothegry that the morl as exillent
	layer_6: i read one of my storise to him ind missusalem and they both egry that the moral was excilent
	layer_8: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excelent
	layer_10: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_12: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excellent

file: 700-122866-0037.flac
expected: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_2: jan in rhobe onmust aoays crimian a comto the patfedic prts
	layer_4: gane an robe omust ays crien i cometor the patthedic partes
	layer_6: janand roby almost awys cryw when i come to the pethetic parts
	layer_8: jane and rouby almost always crywd when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_10: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_12: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts

file: 700-122866-0038.flac
expected: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_2: miscuss of in bary rout back that sheed neverret anyting so a mesing in helife
	layer_4: mis jus of hin bary rogkt back that she ad never red anyting so amusing in her life
	layer_6: miss jus if ien barry brok back that she had never red anything so amusing in her life
	layer_8: miss jessepne berry broke back that she had never red anything so amusing in her life
	layer_10: miss jesephine berry broke back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_12: miss jesephene berry broke back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life

file: 700-122866-0039.flac
expected: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_2: im shra missouonme was nevici co sily for getfulel lit a girol os hyou a
	layer_4: i'me sure missesolen was neversich a silly forgetful little girl as you ae
	layer_6: i 'm sure missusalan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_8: i am sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_10: i am sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_12: i'am sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are

file: 700-122866-0040.flac
expected: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_2: i flt so n cardge buem y herd thae
	layer_4: i felt so in curdgebenly herd that
	layer_6: i felt so incurage bhen iy heard that
	layer_8: i felt so encouraged wen i heard that
	layer_10: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_12: i felt so encouraged when i heard that

file: 700-122866-0041.flac
expected: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_2: misas lnshashe oise thild shoctwento hers of any on ever haing been noty you mutter hous mao therwer
	layer_4: missus lins as she ois fild shocked wen to hears of any one ever having been nody youmutter howsemather wer
	layer_6: missus linds as she oysefilt shocked when to hears of any one ever having been noty your metter housemal ther were
	layer_8: missus linds as she alwys felt shocked whento hears of any one ever having been noddy youre matter housesmalther were
	layer_10: missus lynds as she always fellt shocked when the hears of any one ever having been notty our matter how smal they were
	layer_12: missus lynds as she alwys felt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been natty your matter how smal they were

file: 700-122866-0042.flac
expected: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_2: now iv wen her fel taut w
	layer_4: now i woond have fel that way
	layer_6: now i woudn' have felt at way
	layer_8: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_10: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_12: now i wouldn't have felt that way

file: 6467-94831-0000.flac
expected: peleg snuggers the general utility man of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedarville to which place they had journeyed from ithaca on the regular afternoon boat running up cayuga lake
	layer_2: pe lexnecrs te gen nelitlatig man of the haoll had jusprod teboyse ot from seadevl to itslace te had juinid trom ytartker aon dat ek ler aftinon bocroning ah cau oli
	layer_4: pelexs necrs de gela leatltig mean of the whall had jusprogd the poyse opt from sedr vel to it'splaced te har juned from itarer on dthe a ga afte lo an bo clroning of ca yu ollik
	layer_6: pelec's nackrs the genal leaclaty man of the hal had just broghd the boise up from seader vil to its place they had journeed from itaka on the regler afternoan bod plonning uf caru galic
	layer_8: pelexs nucks the genral leacleadyman of the hall had just broght the boys up from cedrvill to its place they had journeyd from itaka on the reler afternoon boaflunning of kaubalic
	layer_10: pelexs nuckrs the general leaclading man of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedrvill to itcs place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon botplunning ufp kaudalic
	layer_12: pelexs nuckes the general leaflading man of the hall had just brought the boys up from sedrvill to itch place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon botunning up caudalic

file: 6467-94831-0001.flac
expected: with the rovers had come fred garrison larry colby and several others of their old school chums
	layer_2: tlhe dhit awrs had gom fret gatison lady cove and sevebelothers oftit aodscocoms
	layer_4: wi tit oavrs hat gom frectd gadiston lady colve and sevebrelothers ofted aod scooce homs
	layer_6: bicketed ovrs had come fred gadicen lay colvi and sevetal others of ter old scholgams
	layer_8: bicted overs had come fred gaison lay covi and several others of their old scoolcums
	layer_10: victeovers had come fredgaison lai covi and several others of their old scoolchums
	layer_12: victeovers had come fred gadison ladi colvi and several others of their old schoolchums

file: 6467-94831-0002.flac
expected: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_2: ow houdyd  misste stong
	layer_4: oh hody do wis ta stong
	layer_6: o how d you do mis u strong
	layer_8: o how do you do mister strong
	layer_10: o how do you do mister strong
	layer_12: o how do you do misster strong

file: 6467-94831-0003.flac
expected: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_2: and hed an to med to had tetr
	layer_4: and head an to made tho had trete
	layer_6: and he hadan tomed the had tricer
	layer_8: and hean to met the ha treacer
	layer_10: and hean to met the hed tacer
	layer_12: and hean to meet the hedtiter

file: 6467-94831-0004.flac
expected: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george strong
	layer_2: ter  tommes i ho byou have let  alldeor tprans thehind amsot jt stonmg
	layer_4: e tomos i hoe you have lefht al your francs tehind abso jot stongk
	layer_6: well tomase i hope you have left all your frans behind abso jot stonk
	layer_8: well thomas i hope you have left all your frans behind obsered jeohd stonk
	layer_10: well thomas i hope you have left all your francs behind observed jeorge stonk
	layer_12: well thomas i hope you have left all your francs behind observed jeorge stonk

file: 6467-94831-0005.flac
expected: hullo aleck
	layer_2: holloalek
	layer_4: holowela
	layer_6: holo ellac
	layer_8: hollo ela
	layer_10: holloalla
	layer_12: hollo alla

file: 6467-94831-0006.flac
expected: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_2: i gan i tin fhons end
	layer_4: afe gan iteen fholncs and
	layer_6: ave gain fifteen founs end
	layer_8: i've gan fifteen fhounds and
	layer_10: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_12: i've gained fifteen pounds and

file: 6467-94831-0007.flac
expected: yo lemme go sah yo is stickin pins in my hand howled pop
	layer_2: yll lhad le go sayo a sticeencens and my hand hold po
	layer_4: yall led m go sa you asticen clince and my hand hold pop
	layer_6: youll led me go say you as sticind plince in my hand hold pop
	layer_8: you'll let me go say you a stickenplince in my hand hold pop
	layer_10: you'll let me go say you' a sticken pince in my hand hold pop
	layer_12: you'll let me go say you' a stickenplince in my hand hold pop

file: 6467-94831-0008.flac
expected: he moaned as tom ran off throwing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_2: hei monmd a staol ran aof ting afay seofero pi ne tac as heded so
	layer_4: he monmed astom ran of toing of ays ove llt pliny tacx as he ded so
	layer_6: he manmed a stom bran off toing of a ceove le pliny tax as hedid so
	layer_8: he marmed as tom bran off towing of ace of aa pliny tak as he did so
	layer_10: he mamed as tom ran off towing ovace ef piny taxs as he did so
	layer_12: he mamed as tom ran off towing avace oe piny taks as he did so

file: 6467-94831-0009.flac
expected: so you've come back have you
	layer_2: s yof com ba c havi
	layer_4: so yoo coback haveyou
	layer_6: so youe combak have you
	layer_8: so you've come back have you
	layer_10: so you've come back have you
	layer_12: so you've come back have you

file: 6467-94831-0010.flac
expected: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_2: oborve misitcrein as tom stopt iad te cidtin dor
	layer_4: aubsered missuscren as tom stoped ad the cidt in dor
	layer_6: observed missus creen a s torm stopped at the kitindor
	layer_8: observed missus green a tom stopped at he kitten door
	layer_10: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitten door
	layer_12: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitten door

file: 6467-94831-0011.flac
expected: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_2: as tome and det hissfa sfoe
	layer_4: as thome and dent his fasfo
	layer_6: as hom and dhent his fas fel
	layer_8: asked tom and then his face fel
	layer_10: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_12: asked tom and then his face fell

file: 6467-94831-0012.flac
expected: oh dear you always did put me down as the worst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against his coat sleeve
	layer_2: odar yoe allistit pome dom as i therscoy in thisco men i i do my vaty bes an almo soubingd tom wihte sface af a ginsico sle
	layer_4: odar yo ois tid pud me dowm as ethirs o in the scl men y i do my bary best and almos sobingd tom pert his face off agansico sleve
	layer_6: odear you alwys did put me down as therst boy in theschol wen ie i do my bery best and almost subinged tom put his face off agansta cotsleaved
	layer_8: o dear you always did put me down as the vhirst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbinged ton put his face of against the coaths leave
	layer_10: o dear yo always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbinged tomp put his face off against the coat's leave
	layer_12: o dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbinged tom put his face off against the coat's leave

file: 6467-94831-0013.flac
expected: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_2: miscling was thaty tand ar hato an spihe o fr some a fret on an she was al semepat i me ditly
	layer_4: missuscreeng was thaty tend ar harte in spit ofrd some whate frat hung and she was all semptein me ditly
	layer_6: missus crean was very tend er hearted in spite ofer some what free thung and she was all symptyan meietly
	layer_8: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free t ung and she was all sympaty inmediately
	layer_10: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat freetonge and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_12: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat freethongue and she was all sympathy immediately

file: 6467-94831-0014.flac
expected: there there tom i didn't mean to hurt your feelings she said soothingly
	layer_2: da the as hom ien me to har gfelings hi sat soingly
	layer_4: da the s harm an mea to harcfelings hi sai solhingly
	layer_6: ta ther 's ham idn't mean to her your feelings he sad suotingly
	layer_8: thare hers ham i dn't mean to hurt your feelings he said sothingly
	layer_10: tha thas ham i dn't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_12: tha thes ham i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly

file: 6467-94831-0015.flac
expected: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_2: i ind ano sou com
	layer_4: i i d a know sop tom
	layer_6: i i 'd oe know sop tom
	layer_8: i id nont know sope tom
	layer_10: i i do't know sobed tom
	layer_12: i i don't know sobed tom

file: 6467-94831-0016.flac
expected: come sit down and have the pie that's a good boy
	layer_2: come sid nown and haveapi lesogi boy
	layer_4: come sid down and have a piy lesagoid boy
	layer_6: come sid don in have a py tat's a good boy
	layer_8: come s i lone and have a piye that's a good boy
	layer_10: comesi down and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_12: comesi down and have a pie that's a good boy

file: 6467-94831-0017.flac
expected: it's really like home he murmured presently
	layer_2: astoerlly li hom he mobat prorsently
	layer_4: as scoaly lakt home he obatd prosently
	layer_6: a scrarly liked home he mobed presently
	layer_8: is scarely liked home he mubured presently
	layer_10: is quarely liked home he murmured presently
	layer_12: i's quarely ligked home he murmured presently

file: 6467-94831-0018.flac
expected: missus green when you die they ought to erect an awfully big monument over your grave
	layer_2: misscren bin yu di ley ar to atac an aflybicmoniment a woal yagrad
	layer_4: missusgreen wen eu di ley o to eat ac and offlybi moniment a wil your grave
	layer_6: missus green when u die they oufp to adac and offlybig mornument o will yoar grave
	layer_8: missus green when you dye they ought to edac an ouffuly bigmonument or will yoargrave
	layer_10: missus green when you die tey ought to edack an awfuly big monument or will yu grave
	layer_12: missus green when you dye tey ought to eak an awfuly big monument or will yur grave

file: 6467-94831-0019.flac
expected: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_2: an fars hertubl tom hensonten
	layer_4: ant fo ors har thruble tome than somthon
	layer_6: ant fors har jhouble tom then zumtion
	layer_8: ane fors her trouble tom ezumption
	layer_10: what fas her trouble tom onzumption
	layer_12: what fas her trouble tom onzumption

file: 6467-94831-0020.flac
expected: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_2: an tet withit al she quldin hell whet t like the boy
	layer_4: and et with it alls sheculd hin hel wat like te boy
	layer_6: and yet with it alls she could in help wut like the boy
	layer_8: and yet with it all she couldn't help wut like the boy
	layer_10: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_12: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy

file: 6467-94831-0021.flac
expected: an to think the term's just begun
	layer_2: anto thing the stom ses pigen
	layer_4: an te thing the stem ses pigin
	layer_6: and to thin dhe strm ses began
	layer_8: and to think the sterms us began
	layer_10: and to think the sterms jus began
	layer_12: and to think the sterms jus began

file: 6467-94831-0022.flac
expected: and he mopped his brow with his red bandanna handkerchief
	layer_2: and hemo dhispo whith histpigtben deer hancoocef
	layer_4: and he op dhis bpo with his sprecg ben danar hancotif
	layer_6: and he m orped hisbo with his sprig ben danner handcetif
	layer_8: and he mourped hisbow with his sprig ben danner handkertief
	layer_10: and he mobed his bow with his sprig bandanner handkerchief
	layer_12: and he mobed his bow with his sprig bandanner handkerchief

file: 6467-94831-0023.flac
expected: wot kind of a joke is that master rover
	layer_2: what cin hof jl os ta mustert a war
	layer_4: what cine of tolk is at must eid al war
	layer_6: what clind of tokis thath musterdowar
	layer_8: what cin of dok a's dat masterdawa
	layer_10: what cind of jok is dath master olwar
	layer_12: what cind of jok is dath master dolwar

file: 6467-94831-0024.flac
expected: oh it's no joke you are handsome
	layer_2: otsnon te jo gr han some
	layer_4: oht s no the jo ka hansom
	layer_6: ots not the jou handsome
	layer_8: ot's not a jok you're handsome
	layer_10: o's not a joke you're handsome
	layer_12: o's not a joke you're handsome

file: 6467-94831-0025.flac
expected: have you got a camera to be sure here it is
	layer_2: havhe got acamitr to be shu haatatis
	layer_4: have yi got a cambirer to be shou ha id atis
	layer_6: have you got a camirar to be sor hand atis
	layer_8: have you got a cambee to be sured hee it t is
	layer_10: have you got a camoda to be sure hee it is
	layer_12: have you got a cambida to be sure he it is

file: 6467-94831-0026.flac
expected: sam drew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_2: sam do artiny bos from his poedg
	layer_4: sam to atinly boks from hispocketg
	layer_6: sam to a inly boks from his pockage
	layer_8: sam du artiny box from his pockege
	layer_10: sam du atiny box from his pockege
	layer_12: sam du a tiny box from his pockege

file: 6467-94831-0027.flac
expected: now stand still and i'll take a snap shot
	layer_2: o stansti anot hakeutsnao
	layer_4: no stn stil and ot hake esnatiut
	layer_6: no stan still ad othakehismaholt
	layer_8: no stand still and 't ake he sma ho
	layer_10: no stands still and i'l take h smapsholt
	layer_12: no stand still and i'l take he snapsholt

file: 6467-94831-0028.flac
expected: now stand straight and look happy
	layer_2: o'stan of state and lof happy
	layer_4: non stan of stat and lif happy
	layer_6: non stan of sfrate and lok happy
	layer_8: on stand of srat and loed happy
	layer_10: to't stand up strat and lokd happy
	layer_12: do't stand up strait and loke happy

file: 6467-94831-0029.flac
expected: cried sam as a crowd collected around
	layer_2: id sam isthe co colleceeut on
	layer_4: grit sam ist e col collectet t ond
	layer_6: gried sam is a crol colected aron
	layer_8: cried sam a s e crowd collected arond
	layer_10: cried sam as the crouwd collected aound
	layer_12: cried sam as the crowd collected around

file: 6467-94831-0030.flac
expected: raise you right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do
	layer_2: at esud i hand toe abest distis all sta tomen do
	layer_4: at aysyour ie hand to earbresd dies tis ald staes man do
	layer_6: dasyour ihte hand to e ar brest jstas alld statesman do
	layer_8: das your right hand to eoarbreast jstace alld statesmen do
	layer_10: des your right hand to your breast just ace alld statesmen do
	layer_12: dese your right hand to byour breast just ase alld statesmen do

file: 6467-94831-0031.flac
expected: now wait a minute and the picture will be finished
	layer_2: no bete menetd and the i sof l befines
	layer_4: no beade minit nd the fit t ofild befinest
	layer_6: nogata minute and the pits ifil be fines
	layer_8: no grate minute and the fitser il be finiced
	layer_10: no greater minute and the fitsiwil be finiced
	layer_12: no greater minute and the fitsi wil be finiced

file: 6467-94831-0032.flac
expected: no this is a new patented process
	layer_2: no dies a nyo atintet froses
	layer_4: no thiscus a newpatimted frossece
	layer_6: no hisis a knew patimted froces
	layer_8: no dhis is a new pa timted frosses
	layer_10: no this is a new pay tinted frosses
	layer_12: no this is a new pa timted frosis

file: 6467-94831-0033.flac
expected: sam drew a square of tin from the box
	layer_2: sam du as gart of theten from te bos
	layer_4: sam to as gart of the ten from the bos
	layer_6: sam to usguard of the ten from the boxs
	layer_8: sam do asquar of the tin from the box
	layer_10: sam do asqua of the tin from the box
	layer_12: sam do asquad of the tin from the box

file: 6467-94831-0034.flac
expected: i don't see any picture growled snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_2: igdo see in yfre tar gon s nugos thod ng a to gweav langtly
	layer_4: ighdon seinyfficha gonsnogrs tloktin at tosguerr langtly
	layer_6: i don' see anyf fita grown snugers looking at to squer blantly
	layer_8: i don't see any fiture growne snuggers looking at the square blanktly
	layer_10: i don't see any fiture growned snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_12: i don't see any fiture growned snuggers looking at the square blankly

file: 6467-94831-0035.flac
expected: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_2: isila ofesit
	layer_4: ai seli hefresiet
	layer_6: asa litte frescyet
	layer_8: a's a little frech yet
	layer_10: it's a little flresh yet
	layer_12: it's a little flesh yet

file: 6467-94831-0036.flac
expected: the boys gathered around set up a shout
	layer_2: whe bwis ga tit eown sit al  shue
	layer_4: whe bys gai at aoun set aup a sholte
	layer_6: we byse gader arown sad up a shot
	layer_8: thee bys gaded arown set up a shut
	layer_10: the boys gathered aound set up a shout
	layer_12: the boys gathered around set up a shout

file: 6467-94831-0037.flac
expected: sam rover i'll git square see if i don't
	layer_2: sam da eor i git's cer sefie tont
	layer_4: samr awor i kit's crar see f it tont
	layer_6: sam roer il kitsquare see f i ton't
	layer_8: samroer i'll ket square seef i don't
	layer_10: sam roer i'll git square see if i don't
	layer_12: sam rober i'll kit square see if i don't

file: 6467-94831-0038.flac
expected: demanded sam innocently isn't it a good picture
	layer_2: he met taminsemtly asinlerd of cood ircxther
	layer_4: te myn taminisently esinled of cood peica
	layer_6: we mn samminisently isnlad af cod picture
	layer_8: remanded tam inocently isn' lada cood picture
	layer_10: demanded sam innocently isn't leda good picture
	layer_12: demanded sam innocently isn't lidaf cood picture

file: 6467-94831-0039.flac
expected: show me off for a donkey
	layer_2: so me as foul i donk
	layer_4: so me of forlli donk
	layer_6: show me off fuly dnke
	layer_8: show me of forly donkey
	layer_10: show me o fu li donkey
	layer_12: show me of fu li donkey

file: 6467-94831-0040.flac
expected: a donkey oh peleg i did nothing of the kind
	layer_2: a don ke olds hellick id ded noting of te find
	layer_4: a doncy alts hellic id de nothing of the find
	layer_6: a donky olth helic i ded nothing of the find
	layer_8: a donkey old helik idid nothing of the find
	layer_10: a donkey old helock i did nothing of the find
	layer_12: a donkey old helok i did nothing of the find

file: 6467-94831-0041.flac
expected: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_2: it tol donk s ha asay
	layer_4: int ta donkes head arsay
	layer_6: it ta donki's head are say
	layer_8: it's a donke's head i say
	layer_10: it's a donkey's head i' say
	layer_12: it's a donkey's head il say

file: 6467-94831-0042.flac
expected: and i say it's your picture
	layer_2: an i sad syooprctr
	layer_4: an isad syou urpicter
	layer_6: and i saidt youor picter
	layer_8: and i sai youre picture
	layer_10: and i sai is youre picture
	layer_12: and i say 's you're picture

file: 6467-94831-0043.flac
expected: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it master rover
	layer_2: i gus i kno r does had we ni seeed ron sita wr
	layer_4: igus i know dokise head wheni seat r os tit awer
	layer_6: agus i know  doki's head when i see it raseteower
	layer_8: aguss i know a doky's head when i see it rase the over
	layer_10: i guess i know a doky's head when i see it rased the over
	layer_12: i guess i know a doky's head when i see it rased the over

file: 6467-94831-0044.flac
expected: peleg there is some mistake here
	layer_2: hlek thet e some t stake r
	layer_4: halick tet a some stake hre
	layer_6: hellick ther a some te stake here
	layer_8: helick therte a some mistake here
	layer_10: helock thereas some mistake here
	layer_12: helok there 's some mistake here

file: 6467-94831-0045.flac
expected: oh you can't joke me no more
	layer_2: o you fin jo t men n o mor
	layer_4: ao you frnd jokt meno mot
	layer_6: oh you flrandjoke me kno mor
	layer_8: oh you friend jok me no more
	layer_10: oh you fran joke me no more
	layer_12: oh you frant joke me no more

file: 6467-97061-0000.flac
expected: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_2: hon niet bhen bors firsleaving d efinse had ad maot leodme
	layer_4: on nighet bhen bos e sleving te prins hadert mark begram
	layer_6: one night whent both weesleving the prince had at markbu gram
	layer_8: one night when both wes sleping the prince had ar markable gram
	layer_10: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_12: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream

file: 6467-97061-0001.flac
expected: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their former precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_2: thet ust into tedom adet theirccrice o hrse and fugeting aldar fol o fprcosons lefte dovs oen so taf the gats al sige herving ditlaer interd andsalt ofense
	layer_4: the a uset into the dom adet their crise o herse and furgeting all ther fom of precorsionce lefthe dors open so that the garts ousie hering thelamer andterd and sot openc
	layer_6: the rushed into the room aded theire cris to hers and furgeting all their form of prcosioncs left the doors open so that the garts ouside hearing the clammer enterd and sawt eprince
	layer_8: they rushe into the room added their cries to hers and furgeting all their form of precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hearing the clammer enterd and saw the prince
	layer_10: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and furgetting all their form of precautions left the doors open so that the guardts outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_12: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and furgetting all their form of precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince

file: 6467-97061-0002.flac
expected: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_2: she is hat destraceto her lameoly and shl so s hurt huspen inpad on astak
	layer_4: she is at descrace o her lamily and shil son s hert huspent inpaild on astake
	layer_6: she is at disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her huspand impaled on astake
	layer_8: she is a disgrace to her family and sheall soon seev her husband impealed on astake
	layer_10: she is a disgrace to her family and she'll soon see her husband impailed on a stake
	layer_12: she is a disgrace to her family and she'll soon see her husband impailed on a stake

file: 6467-97061-0003.flac
expected: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful frown he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the room
	layer_2: den met his for had di sigrd by af feo foe from hekcuntinrd to o eusafrense an haingtihdt his hans behin him tact him fromedebon
	layer_4: denment his for had is figrd by a fieorfl from he contin ud to ap bus uprince and haing tied his hans behind him taced him frome te dom
	layer_6: thenmits his four had disfigird by afiearful from he continued to opuse e prince and having tied his handse behind him taked him from the room
	layer_8: then wat his forehad disfigured by afiearful from he continued to appuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him taked him from the loom
	layer_10: then with his forehead disfigured by afierful from he continued to ause the prince and having tied his hands behind him taked him from the loom
	layer_12: then with his forehead disfigured by afierful from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tacked him from the loom

file: 6467-97061-0004.flac
expected: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected rajavahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic jewel given to him in patala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_2: teaded dus lixome wy ceast tou hy shakn and netlected tasif ar henar wold haves offa gat hart he nottem troteacted ly the masi tro guwen do him inbodolar an rich he had omtived toconse in his haat
	layer_4: treted tus likesome wyl peast toutly shaken an nictlectered igof ar hunar wuld haves ofr gratly hat hea not fbeem trtecterd by the magic toll guvin to him inparttallar and wich he had fpon trivet to concel in his hart
	layer_6: treated thus like some bile weastd rofly shaken and neclected rage of arhanar would have sofr greatly had hea not ben trotected by the magict we gven to him in partallar and which he had cenrived to conceel in his hear
	layer_8: treated thus like some wild weeast roughtly shaken and nechlected rageof ahana would have suffered greatly had ha not been protected by the magic well given to him in partalla and which he had conrived to concal in his hair
	layer_10: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected ragivarana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic dwelh given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_12: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected ragivaana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic dwelt given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair

file: 6467-97061-0005.flac
expected: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_2: ad fonsing dherfor whit a lase arwy eprepat to beceech sumeba the cevpeto siy
	layer_4: ad foncing thir for wit ar larghe ar my he prepat to beceech schempar the capitele siy
	layer_6: at pancing there fore with a larghe ar me he propat to be seech shumpar the capitale city
	layer_8: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besehd chumpa the capital ciy
	layer_10: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besice champa the capital city
	layer_12: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to beseed champa the capital city

file: 6467-97061-0006.flac
expected: a terrible battle ensued in which both kings performed prodigies of valour
	layer_2: a tadibled bmatlan sd an whits por kings wefomt fradtgs o arler
	layer_4: and theadbled battle ansed in whith pordkings we fomt pror ijies off alear
	layer_6: an hedible battle endsud in which bortkings wereh formed prodeges of ellor
	layer_8: aheribl battle ensued in which bortkings were formed proges of ello
	layer_10: a terrible battle ensued in which bort kings were formed prodeges of vella
	layer_12: a terrible battle ensued in which bort kings were formed prodiges of vella

file: 6467-97061-0007.flac
expected: should there be any pity for the violator of the harem
	layer_2: sfould det be any pit fa the vilaete allte hade
	layer_4: should thert be any pity for thevy laetr alto hadim
	layer_6: should theart be any pity for the vialatr alf the hadom
	layer_8: should thert be any pity for the violatr of thehadtem
	layer_10: should there be any pity for the violatr of the hadam
	layer_12: should there be any pity for the violater of the hadem

file: 6467-97061-0008.flac
expected: if the old king my father now in his dotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_2: afe te old kging my harder no in histioltah was folitono to faver the romano fo the sak alfeswrtlestorter ou had non of his pomision ant ot notk do haf ment in fensfpy him
	layer_4: afe the old king my farter now in histotach was follitionoh to faver t e crominow for the sayke offhes wertlesstorhter you had nowne of hispormmision ain out not to hoauf meen inflen spy him
	layer_6: af the old king my father now in his stotate was folishionoufgh to favor he criminal for the sake of his wirtlestater you had norned of his pormision and ot not to have men inflence by him
	layer_8: if the old king my father now in his stotae was foolih enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless aughter you had no need of his formision and ought not to have been inflenced by him
	layer_10: if the old king my father now in his totage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his pormision and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_12: if the old king my father now in his totage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his pormision and ought not to have been influenced by him

file: 6467-97061-0009.flac
expected: let that vile seducer be immediately put to death by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_2: let thetli s ta gusor wein medity putolet bmy tother an his pat amaol be shle o an fisan ellicom
	layer_4: let thet fie ha guserd wemeadity puto geat by tarchur an his par amar be shal up andfrisen ta licom
	layer_6: let tet wile at usered me immeditly pu to tat by taugchure and his faremore be shal up and prison the li come
	layer_8: let that wile a u ci me immediately put to that by torture and his paramor be shut up ind prison til i come
	layer_10: let that wi set usa be immediately put to that by torture and his pharamor be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_12: let that wile sat dusat me immediately put to that by torture and his pharamor be shut up in prison till i come

file: 6467-97061-0010.flac
expected: have ready also a fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall mount immediately after the wedding to overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_2: havfrerd altso of feus atifhent oot blaqip witch ice a ont aeditl offr the vating wo awrteawy ame an mosh a gnistanry and as e sit oud i te make the alfent camldi lif or oftut ctrome
	layer_4: haveredy also of firs alifento sootbl aquwiped which iceale mont ameditly of r the vering who awe tac my ar me in mach  gannstheanwy an as a sid out av wa make the aliffent tampl de life art of tut cromin
	layer_6: have redy also of fiears alefent sutibly equiped which ichalwont immedity af fer the veling who alwortake my are me in mach against the anewy and as ie sit out i will make the elefent trampl delife out of that crimil
	layer_8: have ready also of fierse elephent sitably equipped which i shll wont immediately after the welling who olwor take my ar my in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elepant trample de life out of that cremenl
	layer_10: have ready also af fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall wont immediately after the wedling who over take my arm mey in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that crimina
	layer_12: have ready also a fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall mant immediately after the wedding who over take my arm mey in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal

file: 6467-97061-0011.flac
expected: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_2: ly ha sto drd co neavradingdet wi snollseind in evitbl hesurly fet his fet fre and abeudife lady afpeared befor hem
	layer_4: wi hasto derd gom learading dat wis snow seind in evitabl he sernly felt his feed free and a puliful lady of peared befor hem
	layer_6: while he stook therr camly aating teath wih snow seened in evitable he sernly welt his feed free and abeautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_8: while he stoood there calmely awating death which snow seemed inevitable he sudnly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_10: while he stood there calmly awating death which snow seemed inevitable he sudnly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_12: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which snow seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him

file: 6467-97061-0012.flac
expected: she humbly bowing down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_2: she homly bong don set tlhet my lord boden his servent fortinjury which she has and conchislwecaust
	layer_4: she hombly bong down said let my lad barden his sevant forllh injurly which she has and gonshious le cost
	layer_6: she humbly bowng down said let my lod parden his sevent forthe injury which she has and conciously caused
	layer_8: she humbly bown down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has undconsciously caused
	layer_10: she humbly bown down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously cosed
	layer_12: she humbly bown down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously cased

file: 6467-97061-0013.flac
expected: i am an apsaras born from the rays of the moon
	layer_2: im an afties bon from thats of themon
	layer_4: i m an afpsiise bon from terase of the mon
	layer_6: i am an apss bon from he rase of the mon
	layer_8: i am an absoce borne from he ras of the moon
	layer_10: i am an abss born from the rays of the moon
	layer_12: i am an asios born from the rays of the moon

file: 6467-97061-0014.flac
expected: one day as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotus flower attacked me
	layer_2: on day as hi wa sflingtou dert weting ll wy trers a son i staking we fute a lo doslartr cacy
	layer_4: monday as i was fling to o the ard wering o wittres a sn istaken we fur a lowtoslarter tace
	layer_6: one day as i was fling trou the aird berding of wittress a son istaking me for a lotesflardo tack me
	layer_8: oneday as i was flingd through the air barding o white dress a san mistaking me for a lotesflat atack me
	layer_10: one day as i was flying through the air bering of white dress a swan mistaking me for a lote lard attacked me
	layer_12: one day as i was flying through the air baring of white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotesflad attacked me

file: 6467-97061-0015.flac
expected: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_2: in his angr he grs mesaing oll weckedvon for tes efence you utndenm do re chansd int apbease of and congus metle
	layer_4: in his angar he gurse me saing o wecked bon for thes affence you utin demt to be thanst int o peace of and congus mettle
	layer_6: in his angr he garse me saing o wecket von for this affence you arton dem to be chainsd into o pieace of nconsious mettle
	layer_8: in his anger he carsed me saing o weckedon for this offence you autondem to be chainged into a pieace of unconsious metal
	layer_10: in his anger he cursed me saying o wecked won for this offence you ourt ondem to be chainged into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_12: in his anger he cursed me saying oh wecked von for this offence you ourt condem to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal

file: 6467-97061-0016.flac
expected: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_2: nthet changsd toplateedt an i fud to tegound tin andt wa sofble chaine
	layer_4: ne changed to plate meditly and i fule to the ground tn andt wia sof a chain
	layer_6: ne changed too place meditly and i fell to the grount turn and wia suvachain
	layer_8: te change too place mediately and i fel to the ground turn and wa sivr chain
	layer_10: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn and twa siver chain
	layer_12: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn andtowa siver chain

file: 6467-97061-0017.flac
expected: on his way he saw the silver fetter descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_2: on his in hesar thef sin le fetl we samndet totle gown pickdidu in cuntinuwi has fiht
	layer_4: on his va he saw the sild lerfretl te sendet to the gound thicktid up an contin youod his fight
	layer_6: on his vay he sawt e silvear frettld te sendet to the ground pickedid up and contin t his flight
	layer_8: on his way he saw the silver frettled descend it to the ground picked it up and continuetd his flight
	layer_10: on his way he saw the silver fretl descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_12: on his way he saw the cilver frettl descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight

file: 6467-97061-0018.flac
expected: the slayer of chandavarma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_2: lisladof t en t tol ad ma hearing giscamoto the paos ant pictleonting tha offent ho hade doun his tonk to do seve him lea e m sove behinde fince
	layer_4: lislae of tenthrowhard mar hearing goscamemrd of the pates ad ficklymounting the elifent who halle doun his trounk wo te sive him lace thimselve behind te pince
	layer_6: lesslae of tenteroardmare hearing thiscame ort o the pales and quickly mounting the elifent who hall down his dronk fo theceive him placed himself behind the pince
	layer_8: lis late of tenderoardmar hearing this came out o the palas and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his tronk to deceive him placed himself behind the pince
	layer_10: tislate of tedrearma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his tronk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_12: tis late of tendraarmar hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his tronk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince

file: 6467-97061-0019.flac
expected: great was their mutual astonishment and joy when they recognised each other the prince exclaiming is it possible
	layer_2: cad fosem ora shi e stonnr smendt enjive an deaticenasee teuteur de fens e xleming ais it oibl
	layer_4: cad fulstederutsto le stonersmend anjioe an dat ocacnasu thetar the fpens exlaming is it osible
	layer_6: gadefulr stenri atilestonisment andjyive and dadicicnateychother the fins exlaming is it possible
	layer_8: gadfur sen to astonisment enjoye and darecognied each other defense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_10: gatfol senrito astonishment endjoy and darecognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible
	layer_12: gatvo senriato astonishment endjoy and dadrecognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible

file: 6467-97061-0020.flac
expected: is it really you my dear friend apaharavarma who have done this deed
	layer_2: is aprealy yu mider fren ube hard o at mor who havpdton te sted
	layer_4: is a breally youw myh tr frin a a hard f ar mr who havet on the steed
	layer_6: is i greally you might ear frind up a hard ofwarmar who have ton the steed
	layer_8: is it greally you my dear frind upa hard o erma who have done the steed
	layer_10: is it really you my dear friend apahard ovarm who have done the steed
	layer_12: is it really you my dear friend apahardo arma who have done the steed

file: 6467-97061-0021.flac
expected: through these they forced their way employing with good effect the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of chandavarma
	layer_2: twoldies tirfolstherd vay an ling with gout efex the thatans lae on theat fent for b uas of tendo ad mo
	layer_4: todese thei fos theird way andplying with goold ar fect he the pensplae on the erifind for th us of sendtroard mar
	layer_6: to theas thyrforsed theirad way indplying with good affects the apansplaced on the aleifent for the use of sendrordmar
	layer_8: two these theyae fored theired way emplying with good effects the vweapons placed on the elephant for the uwse of sendrewrdma
	layer_10: two these they forced thir way implying with good effects the wapons placed on the elephant for the use of zandererma
	layer_12: to theese they forced their way implying with good effects the wapons placed on the elephant for the use of sandreverma

file: 6467-97061-0022.flac
expected: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_2: whe fot hoelar e had gon far ni herd the nyce offatl at a dustence an sl the sodisen fronhthem scatered annaolldaersionse
	layer_4: we fotd haevr te had gon far nd herd the nice of pattl at a distence and sol the soldes an frontem scaterd in ald arationce
	layer_6: befor havever the had gone fa theaheared the noice of pattle at a distance and saw the soldies and fron of them scatered in all daructionse
	layer_8: before hoever the had gone far they heard the noise of pattl at atdistance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_10: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at at distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_12: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at at distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions

file: 6467-97061-0023.flac
expected: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_2: me havejest nol and countered an utly defeted dhenimin sl tacktet as nelov of any foltit a sistence
	layer_4: me have jest now and comterd and urctly tefeted the anme so that bet as nol fioe of any fr ter a sisteance
	layer_6: me have just now and comtered and uctily defeeted the anme so that bet s no fer of anyfor therassistance
	layer_8: me have just know endcomtered and utly defeated the enemy so that be s no fear of any further assistance
	layer_10: me have just know encoumtered and utterly defeated the enemy so that be is no fear of any further assistance
	layer_12: me have just now encoumtered and utterly defeated the enemy so that be is no fear of any further assistance

file: 6467-97061-0024.flac
expected: rajavahana agreed to this
	layer_2: at ou the on hu kre to this
	layer_4: ad oid di i hr grleaeto this
	layer_6: at i dofe i har g leape to this
	layer_8: and i def ihart geap to this
	layer_10: and au devi hart ead to this
	layer_12: and a devi hart gleape to this

file: 6467-62797-0000.flac
expected: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_2: ou o cuudiusit he hong one o them oie his hose
	layer_4: ortof cudiosity he hung one of them olns id his house
	layer_6: ornof cudiosity he hunk one of them ounside his house
	layer_8: on of cudriosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_10: on of cudiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_12: on of cudiosity he hung one of them outside his house

file: 6467-62797-0001.flac
expected: in cases of scorpion sting dommara medicine men rub up patent boluses with human milk or juice of the milk hedge plant euphorbia tirucalli and apply them to the parts
	layer_2: ingaces f scor beinstingg the mut oametisan men ro u patean blolses be kumen mok a juse oftemel cattlent youforrd bear tit ocally an af li tem to the fots
	layer_4: incaces of scort eenstingg the mut amatisan men roe up patand plouses wha uman milk or juse of themellchatestlent you ford bea tir cally and af li them co the farts
	layer_6: in cases of scort een stingc thog murarmetican men rabe up patent plouses whit human milk or juse of the milkhades flant you fort pe are tiru cally and aflye them to the farts
	layer_8: in cases of scartbeinstink thogh mara medicen men dru up paitent plouses with human milk or juse of the milkatcs plant you fortpia trucale and afly them to the farts
	layer_10: in cases of scotinstink thouh mora medicine men rub up paitent plouses with human milk or juse of the milk hatce plant u fort pia trucali and affly them to the parts
	layer_12: in cases of scotpinstink thoh mara medicine men rub up paitent plouses with human milk or juse of the milk hated plant yu fort pia trucali and affly them to the parts

file: 6467-62797-0002.flac
expected: when the umbilical cord of a kondh baby sloughs off a spider is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a cocoanut shell mixed with castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navel
	layer_2: ten the ombelical qgard alf ufond pa bese las euf as pi det as bind in thefr and its asses ulace an icolena she mest ova castr i and uplide by mens of a fold sfethar to the nal
	layer_4: ben the umbelicull gard aof ar fornd bebease los off aspiedthat as bund in the fia and its asies upplacsed in ecopen a shol mext that castr il and aplid by mens of a fouls sfeather to the navl
	layer_6: when the umbilical gard of a forned pabeslows of arspidat as burned in the fire and its ashes ar placed in eccopen it shell wext wat castr il and applied by means of a fouls father to the neivol
	layer_8: when the umvolical guard of afoned baby s laws off aspidad is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copenet shill mxdvat castr il and applied by means of a foul's feather to the navol
	layer_10: when the umbolical gard of aponed babys lows off a spidert is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copenet shell mxed wit castro il and applied by means of a foul's feather to the navo
	layer_12: when the umbolical gard of aconed babys lows off a spidert is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copenet shell mixed with castror oil and applied by means of a foul's feather to the navo

file: 6467-62797-0003.flac
expected: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settles on the cloth
	layer_2: thi thenco the ded man by hisnimean egelyvae tose sommensex site on diclut
	layer_4: thi then col the ded mand by his name an egelyvate tos some ensecettl on dhe cloht
	layer_6: they then call the deadman by his name and eagarly vat tills some insext cettle on the clot
	layer_8: tey then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wat tills some insx cettle on the clot
	layer_10: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insext settle on the cloth
	layer_12: they then calle the dead man by his name and eagerly wait til some insext setle on the cloth

file: 6467-62797-0004.flac
expected: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_2: tled bus tescrid ass asing ou ofes iyse
	layer_4: bledwas tescried as onsing out offes ice
	layer_6: bled was described as osing out of as eyes
	layer_8: bled was described as ozing out of his eyes
	layer_10: bled was described as zing out of his eyes
	layer_12: bled was described as ozing out of his eyes

file: 6467-62797-0005.flac
expected: make the patient suck the milk of the breast of a woman whose baby is more than eighty days old
	layer_2: ma the pation suck the mek os degrest afrt omen whos bavb is mor than a dase od
	layer_4: mage the pasion suc the milk of tepreasst offar women whosbaby is more than eagd tayse ald
	layer_6: mae the pasion suc the milk off depresset offar woman whose baby is more than eght days old
	layer_8: make the patiene suc the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_10: make the patiente suck the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_12: make the patient suck the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old

file: 6467-62797-0006.flac
expected: his camp boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resulted from eating one of these animals cooked with some jak fruit
	layer_2: his camboitaorld him of agase in thisteto ar set to ha te sothain from ending an of desaniods cot vit sujacfruld
	layer_4: his gampoyit old him ofagach in hix te to wae sed to have tesoutan from eanding wone of tes anlds cooked vwit subjacult
	layer_6: his cam poiteold him of a gate in which theads was sed to have the souten from ending wone of these animals goked wit sob jack froot
	layer_8: his cam poi old him of a case in which teats was said to have dhesultent from eanting one of these animals coked wit subjack frut
	layer_10: his cam boy told him of a case in which death was said to have the sultent from eanting one of these animals cooked wih subjack frouit
	layer_12: his camboy told him of a case in which death was said to have the sultaent from eating one of these animals coked with subjack frout

file: 6467-62797-0007.flac
expected: a few years ago a scare arose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abode in imported german glass bangles which compete with the indigenous industry of the gazula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low in the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the wearer after warning her to get her affairs in order before succumbing
	layer_2: ofe rs agor ascrd ut s anconetion wat thanaensac wits we seit tohavtac annu its avbwor inm importer jlman las panggls mis tomplet fit de deagin usndustil ne gasi taban ge macers ndensectlestporter b ly lon dhe bang oe teliarsprters men i ot camort and ni dte beatee afte waning hrtogeact her afes ain oter wifosicumbing
	layer_4: to fe yrs ago as caired at aws an conection wit than ensect with wa sait to havetacan up it's abword in importer joman glas pangls whih tompleat fat teendaginussan ustyof dee garsi aban go makes neansectwas tiportet to li lon thebanglteliwasprters mhen it wuld commout and nip the bertof after waing her to gat her afirse in orter wetfosacombing
	layer_6: afew arsago ascared ataas in conection with than ensect wich was said to have tacen up its abward in importer comant class pangles which tcomplet wit deendeginus n dusty off thee gaze a bangl macurs deensect was treporterd to li lon the bangle the lit war sprces when it would come out and nipp the vearo after wating her to get her affars in oder weh o s a combing
	layer_8: a few years ago ascared aros in connection with an einsect which was said to have taken up its abword in imported joman glass pangles which complete with the indigenusn dusty off the gazela bangl makers the einsect was reported to lie law n the bangle til it was purcas when it would come out and klippe the wearo after wardning her to get her affairs in order wihfrs accombing
	layer_10: a few years ago ascared aos in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abword an importent coman glass bangles which complete with the indiginious industry off the garzela bangle makers the insect was reported to li law n the bangle till it was prcased when it would come out and knipe the weare after warding her to get her affairs in order which was accumbing
	layer_12: a few years ago a scared aoas in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord an importent coman glass bangles which complete with the indiginious industry off the garzela bangle makers the insect was reported to lie law in the bangle till it was purtased when it would come out and knipe the weare after warding her to get her affairs in order which was accumpbing

file: 6467-56885-0000.flac
expected: his body was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_2: his varty was lonk anslender hard an adi his siht ken his am mon ating
	layer_4: his vordy was longk anslender hard an a jile his siht ken his amemon ring
	layer_6: his vordy was lonk and slender hard in ajil his sight ken his am on ering
	layer_8: his vody was lonk and slender hard in ejil his sight keen his aiman erring
	layer_10: his vody was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aman rring
	layer_12: his vody was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aman erring

file: 6467-56885-0001.flac
expected: in the month of agrahayan kanti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nydighi with a few sporting companions
	layer_2: in the muntos a gur  hin gin the had gn or shuting e had the som o fndeghy whita   sporting companins
	layer_4: in the montof al gra hin gcanthe ha gon ort shuting ley a thes omp of pnidiky wit a feuws sporting compandins
	layer_6: in the month of algrain cant had gon ort shouting le a the spomp of nede ke with a fews sporting comnpanins
	layer_8: in the month of algran canti had gone ot shooting le at the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_10: in the month of algrahin canti had gone ou shootingle at the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_12: in the month of algrahain canti had gone out shootingle at the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions

file: 6467-56885-0002.flac
expected: one morning as kanti was seated in his boat cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white ducklings clasped to her breast
	layer_2: un monthing as thindey wa seetered n his bort lein afare gon hesa an tle stated at wat he trd as stecli of owy dut looking o he ser o velasadincomminto the waters age whoth do wit tolingslasto heplest
	layer_4: un mon ding as canty wasl seatered in his port cleaning af favred con he shal anly stated a what hetard waes tecri if  vy dout looking uf he sao ofvelase madind coming to the wattes age wuh to whit tocklinsclas to hea prest
	layer_6: one mornding as canty was seetered in hisport cleaning a favord gone he seldlenly started ac what he thart was the criif i dock looking of he saw o vilac maiden coming to the wate's edg with too whit tocklings clas to herp presset
	layer_8: one mornding as canthy was seated in his port cleaning a favord gun he seddenly started at what he thought was the cry if wie dok looking up he saw a vilasmadeen coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings class to hel pressed
	layer_10: one morning as canthy was seated in his bort cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wi dok looking upf he saw a villas maden coming to the water's edge with two white tucklings glass to hav pressed
	layer_12: one morning as canthy was seated in his bort cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a wi dok looking up he saw a villas maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tucklings glass to hav presset

file: 6467-56885-0003.flac
expected: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_2: ne gut oute de bourds into e watr an was themmanshusle
	layer_4: te gl put the brds into the watter and was them maniusly
	layer_6: te grl put the birds into the water and was ther maniously
	layer_8: the girl put the birds into the water and was them aniously
	layer_10: the girl put the birds into the water and wase them anxiously
	layer_12: the girl put the birds into the water and wase them anxiously

file: 6467-56885-0004.flac
expected: looking round kanti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the ducks
	layer_2: loookingghdond gont de sal on of his men pinding an un lorde gon ad dhe t oks
	layer_4: looking round can te sow one of his maenpinding and un lowled gon ad thetucks
	layer_6: looking round canty saw one of his men pinding and unlored cun ad the rok
	layer_8: looking round cante saw one of his men pointing an unloded cun at the ox
	layer_10: looking round cante saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the rox
	layer_12: looking round canty saw one of his men pointing an unloded gun at the rox

file: 6467-56885-0005.flac
expected: kanti went on cleaning his gun
	layer_2: condymen on tlaning his con
	layer_4: contim en ton tlaning his gon
	layer_6: canty men ton claning his gun
	layer_8: cant went on claning his gun
	layer_10: cant went on claining his gun
	layer_12: cante went on claining his gun

file: 6467-56885-0006.flac
expected: after kanti had eaten and drunk the brahmin begged him to introduce himself kanti gave his own name his father's name and the address of his home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall deem myself fortunate
	layer_2: afticonde hadt etea entronk te brammanbect himto ing dusemsel gondy gave his on mame his fa thers nme an the ad theso is hom and dhensed in usul bay i frikc and be ovanhy soa ser i halkeng meso foatnit
	layer_4: aftercinty had eten antronk the bram an pect him to ingo dus himself con te gaive his on name his farthers name and thy ad thesouf as hom and thenseid in usiul bay if ikcan beofvenhy sar i ser i hall kein myssol foaghtinet
	layer_6: after canty had eaten and trunk the bramind pect him to intoduse himself canty gaved his own name his father's name and ye thesuf is home an then seild int usiuall bay if i can be of any srvis er i shall keeng mysl fotnate
	layer_8: after kanty had eaten and trunk the braman pecked him to intoduce himself canty give his own name his father's name and yet thes of is home and then said in th usual way if i can be of any servic sir i shall gen myself fortunate
	layer_10: after kanty had eaten and drunk the bramin peced him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet thes ofis home and then said in heusual way if i can be of any service sir i shall kein myself fortunate
	layer_12: after canty had eaten and drunk the bramin pecgked him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet thes ois home and then said in theusual way if i can be of any service sir i shall kein myself fortunate

file: 6467-56885-0007.flac
expected: so saying kanti repeated his salute and went back
	layer_2: sosing gonttybedert his si lut and thet ba
	layer_4: sosing con tily petart has silut and vent pa
	layer_6: so sing contirypeadered his cilut and went pak
	layer_8: so sying cantiypetered his salute and went back
	layer_10: so saying cantiripatered his salute and went back
	layer_12: so saying cantiipatered his salute and went back

file: 6467-56885-0008.flac
expected: the brick built mansion of the mazumdars had been borrowed for the wedding ceremony which was fixed for next magh as kanti did not wish to delay
	layer_2: le price bod mantion of the mas ome tos had meen bot odd ford the baning somimy thit sa sacxet fad next mak as thongedednont fish to dlay
	layer_4: locrick blt mantion of the mas om thaurs had ben bot od ford the bening serminy thih wa sfexd fortd nextd mak as con gidtegnotfish to telay
	layer_6: the crik but mantion of the mosom thars had bean borowd for the wening serminy which was fexed fort next mark as cantly dig not fwished to telay
	layer_8: the crick blt mantion of the mosom as had been borowed for the welling sermony which was fexed for the next mark as canty did not wish to delay
	layer_10: the crick blt mention of the mozomas had been borrowed for the welling sermony which was fixed for the next mark as cantey did not wish to delay
	layer_12: the crick bult mention of the mozomtas had been borrowed for the welling cermony which was fixed for the next mark as cantey did not wish to delay

file: 6467-56885-0009.flac
expected: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a torchlight procession and the ceremony began
	layer_2: andyou time dtebrid gro mat ied on his alifent whith droms an musik and wit a pat la procestion and the sadimin he begen
	layer_4: in dud ime to prid gromor ive on his alifent with roms and musi and with a partslaye procetion and the saireman e begain
	layer_6: indu time the pried crumaribed on his elipent with troms and music and with a tart'slay procession in the ceremanty begain
	layer_8: in due time the pride romarivbed on his elepant with drums and music and with a parts lay procession an the ceremony began
	layer_10: in due time the pride grom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with  partslie procession and the ceremony began
	layer_12: in due time the pride grom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with partslihe procession and the ceremony began

file: 6467-56885-0010.flac
expected: in that bashful downcast face crowned with the wedding coronet and bedecked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognise the village maiden of his fancy and in the fulness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_2: im dhatd pash fl don gast face culdon thet dereling clr anr and beict wit sandle pact heqoul scersletacagnise the brlhat maden of frsfansy and in theforlner offrs a mortion onmist eme to beclowd his ice
	layer_4: in that pash full down gaset face courd on whet the reling cl anar and beect with sandle past he could scarsetlyt ac agnice tho belayte maden of hirs fancy and intefoulnens of es a motion a mist seemed to beclowld his ice
	layer_6: in that pashful down gast face curdon with the velling coranir and beect with sandle paced he could scarcely recognice o belae made enoff his fancy and inthe foulinens of his a motion a mist seemed to be cloued his eyce
	layer_8: in that pashful downgastd face gron with the vwelling coronir and beracked with sandle pace he could scarcely recognized the bilate maden off hits fancy and in the fulnens off his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_10: in that pashful down gased face crown with the vailing coronir and bedecked with sandle paste he could scarcely recognize the villate madden of his fancy and in the fullness off his emotion a mist seem to be cloud his eyes
	layer_12: in that pashful downgased face crown with the vailing coronir and bedecked with sandle paste he could scarcely recognize the villats madon of his fancy and in the fullness off his emotion a mist seem to be cloud his eyes

file: 6467-56885-0011.flac
expected: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dim and darkness to tarnish the face of the bride herself
	layer_2: de li do theloa seemeto cror dem hant dotnes tootanis the face of the prigd hrselh
	layer_4: te litof he lam seem tho glor dhem and darkness totanih the face of the pried herself
	layer_6: the light of the lam seemed to growd them and darkness to tanishd the face of the prid herself
	layer_8: delight off the lamp seemed to glrow them and darkness to tanish the face of the pridt herself
	layer_10: the light of the lamps seemed to glow them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_12: the light of the lamps seemed to gro them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself

file: 6467-56885-0012.flac
expected: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_2: a fort he feet angile eit tes fathen lar ne od scon glo had shn him on grl and madyed him doenoder
	layer_4: t forst he felt anglevith tes farthern loa dh e old scondrol had shon him on gl an madid him toennoder
	layer_6: afirst he felt angrievwith this fathern la the old scon dral had shorne him one girl and maried him to another
	layer_8: at first he felt angry with his fathern la the old scondril had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_10: at first he felt angry with his father i in law the old scondrill had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_12: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scondrill had shown him one girl and married him to another

file: 6467-56885-0013.flac
expected: close upon it followed the girl he had seen before
	layer_2: glo was a bonenorllord the gord he ha tseene tefor
	layer_4: gluwas a pon e folord the god he haten te fou
	layer_6: lus upon it follored the gird he had seend befor
	layer_8: glose upon it followed the gird he had seen before
	layer_10: ls upon it followed the girl he had seen before
	layer_12: glos upon it followed the girl he had seen before

file: 6467-56885-0014.flac
expected: oh the mad girl cried the women as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_2: a the mad grtl clighte t owom end as thy mit singceto hr to l yo dodm
	layer_4: o the mad gualcrit to bom an as thi it since to her to l oue tid ome
	layer_6: o the madgirl crit to boman as the mide sincs to her to lavethe om
	layer_8: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rome
	layer_10: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the roome
	layer_12: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the roome

file: 6467-56885-0015.flac
expected: all the women in the room began to titter
	layer_2: alof  mwanm indhoerf do bgan to titer
	layer_4: oil efomen inte roon began to tita
	layer_6: all hef omen inthe room began to titar
	layer_8: all the woman in the room began to titter
	layer_10: all the women in the room began to titter
	layer_12: all the women in the room began to titter

file: 6467-56885-0016.flac
expected: the increasing laughter in the room betokened an amusing joke
	layer_2: de inklesing lafperv endtedtom beto kind an o musen jok
	layer_4: dhe inclesing lagperv in ted om betokand an o musing jok
	layer_6: the inclesing laughber in the room be tokendthen o musing jok
	layer_8: the incleasing laugher in the room be talkined then amusing jok
	layer_10: the increasing laughter in the room be talkin an amusing jok
	layer_12: the increasing laughter in the room be talkin an amusing jok

file: 6467-56885-0017.flac
expected: with a sigh of intense relief as of escape from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_2: whith dhe si offin dentllef as u iscade on nelamity he lookonsmon in to the face of hs prid
	layer_4: with the siof in denseliefh as of a scad on gellamiry he looke monsmorn in te the face of hsprid
	layer_6: with a siof intence lef as of escaedron delamedy he looked one smorne into the face of his bried
	layer_8: with a sig of intense leaf as of iscad ron elamery he looked onece morne into the face of his bride
	layer_10: with a sigh of intense leaf as of his cal rom alamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_12: with a sigh of intense leaf as of hi scal rom dalamity he looked once more into the face of his bride

file: 3663-172005-0000.flac
expected: the fawn had taken his morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_2: the faon hat tacen this morning m and now lay crrdup on t a beadl mas
	layer_4: the fon ha taken this mornling mal and nown ly crld up on abed of mas
	layer_6: the fan had takene this morning meal and now lay crled up on a bed of mass
	layer_8: the farn had taken this morning meal and now lay crled up on a bed of moss
	layer_10: the fa had taken this morning meal and now lay crled up on a bed of moss
	layer_12: the fa had taken this morning meal and now lay crled up on a bed of moss

file: 3663-172005-0001.flac
expected: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_2: en nemern the fan cota he was quike contan to fresk ofboupt
	layer_4: reemern the fon cotar he was quike contaned to friesk about
	layer_6: renemver the fan catup he was quite contein to frisk about
	layer_8: renemver the fan cot up he was quite contend to frisk about
	layer_10: renember the fon cot up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_12: renember the fan cot up he was quite content to frisk about

file: 3663-172005-0002.flac
expected: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_2: the ten ji was surted nol it was ei
	layer_4: the tangu was serto now it was ner
	layer_6: the dange was serto now it was ner
	layer_8: the danger was certin now it was near
	layer_10: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_12: the danger was certain now it was near

file: 3663-172005-0003.flac
expected: the hounds had struck her trail where she turned and the fawn was safe
	layer_2: the hows hats trocke tril whi she tornd and the forne a sa
	layer_4: the howse hats truckar tral where she tuornd and the fornm o safe
	layer_6: the hous had struck ha trell where she turned and the farm ae safe
	layer_8: the house had struck har trail where she turned and the farm was safe
	layer_10: the house had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was safe
	layer_12: the house had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was safe

file: 3663-172005-0004.flac
expected: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_2: ime wast rowing the a the hat a gon ing is hand watc shut she do
	layer_4: ome wast rowing the a the had a gone in his hand whac shout she do
	layer_6: one wast roing the other had agun in his hand what should she do
	layer_8: one was roing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_10: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_12: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do

file: 3663-172005-0005.flac
expected: her tired legs could not propel the tired body rapidly
	layer_2: hor tier la cuut not rotld the tient vordie rethetlin
	layer_4: her tiert lakes coult not propeled the tient vordyn repitlyng
	layer_6: her tirt lakes could not propell the tient vordyn repetly
	layer_8: her tirt lakes could not propell the tiant vordin repidly
	layer_10: her tir lakes could not propaell the tiant bodin rapidly
	layer_12: her tiar lakes could not propell the tiant vodin rapidly

file: 3663-172005-0006.flac
expected: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_2: the go sa the bot narring hor
	layer_4: the do saw the bot naring her
	layer_6: the do saw the boat naring her
	layer_8: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_10: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_12: the do saw the boat nearing her

file: 3663-172005-0007.flac
expected: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_2: in themolit moore the bot was on her and the mane at te ors hat vendol ver and cother
	layer_4: in he momet more the bot was on her and the man at they rs hat lend over and cout her
	layer_6: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and cut her
	layer_8: in a moment more the boat was on her and e man at the ors had leaned over and caught her
	layer_10: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the ors had leaned over and caught her
	layer_12: in a moment more the boat was on her and te man at the ors had leaned over and caught her

file: 3663-172528-0000.flac
expected: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctors orders
	layer_2: i was tore mentat my tirs but hat ptad fromdreinking fo manygase acorting to the doufters oders
	layer_4: i was tor mentet by thirs but had epstag from drenking fo many dase accourding to the dofters oders
	layer_6: i was tormented by thirst but had ebstange from drinking for many days according to the dofter's orders
	layer_8: i was tormented by thirst but had abstaned from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_10: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_12: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders

file: 3663-172528-0001.flac
expected: that old man ceased to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_2: that old maen esetogeve so mach a noians yit semtims he ha pearc to me indremds
	layer_4: that od man sese to give so much anoiencs yit semetimes he aper to me indrems
	layer_6: that old man ses to give so much anoionce yet sometimes he appeare to me in dreams
	layer_8: that old man sees to give so much annoyiance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_10: that old man cees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_12: that old man cees to give so much anoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams

file: 3663-172528-0002.flac
expected: felice had given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_2: fellecateven tem aoers nout to speat me oftis
	layer_4: fileach akeeven dem aders not to spa to me of this
	layer_6: fillich i geeven them orders not to spe to me of this
	layer_8: pillich i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_10: vilich a given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_12: filich a given them orders not to speak to me of this

file: 3663-172528-0003.flac
expected: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_2: this ma hat stolen fro me sertnlel sins of somim portes anin hea fel bengbetecthit she wout ave e ben very lad vy hat dit
	layer_4: tis mad hadt stolen fro mee sertainlirol sings of some imnpourtendse and in ha fef beinggde tectet she would have  been very lad ivey ha digd
	layer_6: this maide had stolan from me certain litrle shings of some importance and in her fer f being detected she would have been very glad if i had dide
	layer_8: this maide had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_10: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_12: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died

file: 3663-172528-0004.flac
expected: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full one i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_2: a cordying nea she aloutmeinktwice totike es mich es i cod of he warter sol the ingood ornes i swalolet mor then e flask fol i thin colert my self and begaen to swet and toln to ud dd sit
	layer_4: acourding ly she alout min twice to tickaus much es i courd of the water so the ngood ernest i swallowt mor then a flask fol i then covrt my self and began to swet and felleto ou d sire
	layer_6: accordingly she alout mea twice to ticke as much as i could of the water so the ingood earnest i swallowed more than a flask foll i thent covere myself and began to swet and fell ito adebe setep
	layer_8: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask foll i then covered myself and began to swet and fell into a dee seleep
	layer_10: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask foll i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep  sleep
	layer_12: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep  sleep

file: 3663-172528-0005.flac
expected: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_2: the e hat my pr fra as on the poit of falling tos the ground sograveto a s etoheres
	layer_4: the sei that my poore framas on the point of falling to the ground so greateto was heeto hethis
	layer_6: the sa that my poor frem was on the point of falling to the ground so griaved  was he to her this
	layer_8: they say that my poor frem was on the point of falling to the ground so griavet was he to hear this
	layer_10: they say that my poor frend was on the point of falling to the ground so grievet was he to hear this
	layer_12: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grievet was he to hear this

file: 3663-172528-0006.flac
expected: afterwards he took an ugly stick and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then
	layer_2: aftewart s hetoken oulias tfe and begen to bep tla srfvingger  wit all his ming t shouti outt a trratres you have plldimfor my thei
	layer_4: aftearts he tookan aliastafe and began to bep tla ervin grow with al his minhd shouting out a tratres you have kildimfor me thed
	layer_6: afterwards he took an agleas tat and began to beat te servingirow with all his mint shout in out ah tratres you have killed him for me then
	layer_8: afterwards he took an uglystafe and began to beat the serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah tratroous you have killed him for me then
	layer_10: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his mint shouting out ah traiterous you have killed him for me then
	layer_12: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his mint shouting out ah traiterous you have killed him for me then

file: 3663-172528-0007.flac
expected: she may indeed have saved my life so lend me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_2: she man dit have savet my lve so lod mear helbinghand fore i have swetet and bequin ghe boudit
	layer_4: she main did have save d my life so ledme a heolping hand for i have swetet and bequinkapoud it
	layer_6: she main did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have swetted and bequick apout it
	layer_8: she main did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweted and be quick about it
	layer_10: she maydid have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweate and be quick about it
	layer_12: she may did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweate and be quick about it

file: 3663-172528-0008.flac
expected: felice recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_2: fale charycovirtispiits drig an mat ncoftible and did benconsesoe grae inprfmen immystad begen to rekhenon recovery
	layer_4: fillychar ryecovert hi spirits drit and mat nme comtable and i beenconcious ofr gra improfmen i mysetag began to recken onrecovery
	layer_6: fellithar recovered his pirites drid and mate me comfotable and i been consious of a great improvfement in my stae began to rekon on recovery
	layer_8: filichre recovered hispirits driede and made me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_10: felicha recovered his spirits dride and made me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_12: felitha recovered his spirits dride and made me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery

file: 3663-172528-0009.flac
expected: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_2: chis vhed the a the douter br nardy now putin hisa prins who heat the begiring of mi iners hat refst tobleaem
	layer_4: jes thed the te docter ber naurdi no put en his appeareas who heat the begiring of my iuners had refusd to bled me
	layer_6: just thaend the other dotr burnordeknow put in his appearancs who at the bigiing of my ilners had refused to brleead me
	layer_8: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the bigining of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_10: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the bigining of my illners had refused to brlead me
	layer_12: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illners had refused to brlead me

file: 3663-172528-0010.flac
expected: maestro francesco that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_2: mistrofrenchescos that mos ebl mane exclad o poer of thecher
	layer_4: mystrofronchescos that mose eabole main exclead o pour of nhenchur
	layer_6: my strofron chescos that most abole man exclaied o power of nature
	layer_8: my stro front chesco that most abol man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_10: mytrof frant chesco that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_12: myestro frant chescos that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature

file: 3663-172528-0011.flac
expected: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_2: she neose wat shueqwrs and the fosishons no naing
	layer_4: she nos what she requiurs and the fisisions no nothing
	layer_6: she knows what she requiurs and the pyitions now nothing
	layer_8: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_10: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_12: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing

file: 3663-172528-0012.flac
expected: that simpleton maestro bernardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_2: the siboto mi str ber nondinil mate a se sa if heit dromca nenthe baltl he word had ben crt upon the spot
	layer_4: tha sibote my strber nandeino mat anses sayne if h hat droumken nothe bautle he would have ben crd upon the spat
	layer_6: that simboten mystrubern ardnow made unsu saime if he had drunmkinnother botl he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_8: that simboton mysruber nardino made ansursam if he had drunk another botttle he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_10: that simboton misrubernd ardino made ansersam if he had drunk annother bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_12: that simboton misrubern ardino made ansersam if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot

file: 3663-172528-0013.flac
expected: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_2: aftots hetrnd tome an ase vicould ha drok mor worter
	layer_4: afteets he ternd to me and asivicould hae drunk more water
	layer_6: after wards he turned to me and as i i could have drunk more water
	layer_8: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_10: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_12: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water

file: 3663-172528-0014.flac
expected: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_2: ig unsid no becoser hart andtrly quanget matirst
	layer_4: i unserd now becus i had antarily quanched my thirst
	layer_6: i answerd kno because i had entirily quenched my thirst
	layer_8: i answered no because i had entirely quenced my thirst
	layer_10: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_12: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst

file: 3663-172528-0015.flac
expected: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man begged you to bleed him
	layer_2: i lit manr she was askinfl wat she wateit wet the pl yomman teade to bleekh
	layer_4: inligte maner she was askinfar wat she wantet with the po yom man bed due to bled hem
	layer_6: in ligkte manner she was askin for what she wanted with the poo yumg man bed do to breead him
	layer_8: in likt manner she was asking for what she wanted weth the poor young man bed do to blread him
	layer_10: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted with the poor young man bed due to bread him
	layer_12: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted with the poor young man bad du to bread him

file: 3663-172528-0016.flac
expected: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_2: i oud near teatis erecovvryte dopeadet aporn his dreenking to flask of rtr higing you not sa sod befor
	layer_4: i you ne tat is recoveri depeaddat upon his dreinkin to flasks of ater whyging you not say so befor
	layer_6: if you ne that his  recovery depended upon his drinking two flask of water why ding you not say so before
	layer_8: if you knea that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why din't you not say so before
	layer_10: if you kee that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did' you not say so before
	layer_12: if you knee that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did't you not say so before

file: 3663-172528-0017.flac
expected: you might then have boasted of his cure
	layer_2: you might thane have bos sit of thi s cr
	layer_4: you mighte then have bosid of his ce
	layer_6: you might then have boseted of his cere
	layer_8: you might then have boasted of his ki
	layer_10: you might then have boasted of his ce
	layer_12: you might then have boasted of his ke

file: 3663-172528-0018.flac
expected: at these words the wretched quack sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_2: at iswrs the rechea wt sociy epardit an meavla shtis fas ag
	layer_4: at this wors the reche uwat soculy depodet and mevele sholt is fase agie
	layer_6: at this words the reched wuite soucily departed and never shot his face agave
	layer_8: at this words the wretched quite soukirly departed and never showed his face agaivne
	layer_10: at these words the wretched quite soulkirly departed and never showed his face again
	layer_12: at these words the wretched quite soulkhily departed and never showed his face again

file: 3663-172528-0019.flac
expected: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_2: the verve ning ir was takenwit grate recotions inthe char wel retu and protect at fom the cod
	layer_4: the verevening i was taken with greate precautions in the chae well reptup and protectat from the cod
	layer_6: the verevening i was taken with grat precoutions in a chair well repd up and protected from the cold
	layer_8: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrepped up and protected from the cold
	layer_10: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wreped up and protected from the cold
	layer_12: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrepped up and protected from the cold

file: 3663-172528-0020.flac
expected: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_2: donot pfrrmitin anmei ra ulerrites foo oha tis kit thisti an nathe dis ar der now woud bethe dat of he
	layer_4: do not phremitin ani o reaularitis forto ha tascaped this tin in nother dis order now would bpe the dath of him
	layer_6: do not prmit im anyg i regularites for though hea ascape this tinme inother dis order now would be the death of him
	layer_8: do not permit him any iregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_10: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_12: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him

file: 3663-172528-0021.flac
expected: then he turned to me and said my benvenuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_2: thei trnd tome anaite my ban ven to beprdent commetk no exeses and e yoo ait wricobr ad bagu to mat me on mu dr o wih hyou o hand andna tei awys pa mydivoshe  toit foryu seak
	layer_4: theay tund to me and sat my ban venw to be prudent comme no excessese and wan you all quit recovert i bagu t mat me amadone witht yo on hand and i we allwas pa my devosiho s toit for you sak
	layer_6: thed e turnt to me and said my ban vento be pruden commit no excesses and when you alre quit recoverd i bagg you to make me a madanaw with your own hand and i wile always pay my divocions to it for you sae
	layer_8: then e turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i begg you to make me a madana with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_10: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madana with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_12: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madana with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake

file: 3663-172528-0022.flac
expected: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_2: so a mave my midoup and pretert to trevle
	layer_4: so i mave my myndop and prepart to trevle
	layer_6: so i made my mind up and prepar to trevl
	layer_8: so i made my mind up and prepare to travel
	layer_10: so i made my mind up and prepare to travel
	layer_12: so i made my mind up and prepare to travel

file: 3663-172528-0023.flac
expected: that day many friends came to see me among others pier landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_2: that d many frencs kape to seme amon athers pearlode foas the best adares frand i evlr hat
	layer_4: that day many frans kape to semen amon oters pear loendy whoas the beast andearest frand i ever had
	layer_6: that day many friencs cape to see me among others pere landedy who was the best and deres friend i ever had
	layer_8: that day many friends cape to see me among others pir landy who was the best and deurest friend i ever had
	layer_10: that day many friends campe to see me among others piere landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_12: that day many friends campe to see me among others pie landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had

file: 3663-172528-0024.flac
expected: next day there came a certain niccolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_2: mex ta thea kamema sersen necllo tham mong tyr angot whoas osal  very grat fran haf min
	layer_4: nextay they came asersen nicllo them monte ugouto who as oso o very grat fran of mie
	layer_6: nex day ther came a sersin necalod tha monte a gto who was also o very great frend of mine
	layer_8: next day there came a cersan nikolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_10: next day there came a certan nikolo de monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_12: next day there came a certan nicolo de monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine

file: 3663-172528-0025.flac
expected: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_2: i hat harbrdheve an ro and providet fo his coss wall he het tord my ho house u sat dou for the manas sujetto a speshies of driscae whea che was awys in the hadtit ofes crechinm withhish ha
	layer_4: i had harbed heime ain rom and provihdet for his costs whill he ha turned my ho house u sit down for the man wa sueject to a spechies of dri sca wheiche was alwis in the had bit of scretchin with his han
	layer_6: i had harbered him in rom and providede for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to espeecies of drysca which he was always in the habit of scretchin with his hand
	layer_8: i had harbered him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a species of dry sca which he was always in the habit of scretching with his hands
	layer_10: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry sca which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_12: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry sca which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand

file: 3663-172528-0026.flac
expected: meanwhile that able physician francesco da monte varchi attended to my cure with great skill
	layer_2: menol that borfisition frnchescod the mon ti varke a tendet to mikl wi gratskil
	layer_4: menwil that ablfisision fronchescod the montevarky atendet to my kl with gratskeal
	layer_6: manwhile that abole fysition fron chescod ha montevarke attenderd to my culr with great skill
	layer_8: meanwhile thet abol physician fron chesko de montervarki attendeed to mykue with great skil
	layer_10: meanwhile the abol physician fronchesko de montevarqki attended to micu with great skil
	layer_12: meanwhile the abol physician fronchesco de montevarqui attended to micu with great skil

file: 3663-172528-0027.flac
expected: there they seated me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_2: the they sitet me to waed antil te duk wis bi
	layer_4: ther the sidat me to wate antel te duk wens by
	layer_6: there they cided me to wait untill the duke went by
	layer_8: there they sited me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_10: there they sitted me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_12: there they seitted me to wait until the duke went by

file: 3663-172528-0028.flac
expected: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_2: many of my fraens at cort ka mo togreat me and expresd suprise that i hat unde gorn the in com veniains of beng carit in that wa wll so shetat byit ulnes te set thet i out to rve wytootoli was wel and thentoeisidet thedou
	layer_4: many of my frans t courd camup to great me and exprest surprise that i had unde gon the encom veniance of ben carit in that way while so shetet by ilness thisad that i ouht to have wat tolie was wel and thento ave visidit the dou
	layer_6: many of my friendc at courd came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergon the incomveniance of being carrit in that way while so sheteed by illness thi satd that i ought to have waite ti l i was well and then to hav visited the du
	layer_8: many of my friends at courd came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shtted by illness thi sad that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the du
	layer_10: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shetted by illness the said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_12: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shetted by illness the said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke

file: 3663-172528-0029.flac
expected: at these words maestro agostino the dukes tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that is all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_2: at this wrts m  strargos peno tu douxtala mekis wae thorwl all thos gentomen and set i tets all you an tono you shaof noit at this varrymolmit
	layer_4: at this weorts my str agosteno ve duktala mat is ways thrg al thos jentmen and sad ita's all you wone to now yu shao know it at this vearymom it
	layer_6: at this wor its mystroa go steno weduks taila mate is wayt throegh all those gentemen and said it that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very momet
	layer_8: at this words mistruea gostino the duke's talor made his wayt through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_10: at thes words mister agostino the duke's taylor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_12: at thes words mister agostino the duke's talor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment

file: 3663-172528-0030.flac
expected: giorgio the painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and maestro agostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_2: jordo t e pnter hol my have menshond hapent jus then to pas and mes suragas tenoiexclad terrise te manl o cus dyou now you naoyou seltife it betr onor
	layer_4: jorjos the panter who my have mansiond happent jus then to pass and mys sro ugosteno exclat veriste manl a cus dyou now you noiyourselvhivfe it be truw onot
	layer_6: jorjows t a painter who mi have mensioned happened just then to pass and my srow au go steno exclad vere i s te manwol accused you now you know yoursel iv it be true ore not
	layer_8: georgo e painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mi troagostino exclaimed ver is ta man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_10: georgeos he painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mi srou agostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_12: georgeo' he painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mi srouagostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not

file: 3663-172528-0031.flac
expected: as fiercely as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked giorgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_2: as fis de ars i cod nout bein abi tolafe mn et i ast joj iv it was tr that h het a cstme
	layer_4: as fusde as i cooud not been able tlef my seed i asd jojo iv it was tru that he heat akstme
	layer_6: as feasly as i could not beeng ablre to leafe my seetd i asked jorl jo if it was true that he had akusedt me
	layer_8: as fiercly as i could not beng able to leave my ceat i aske georlgjo if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_10: as fiercly as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georgjo if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_12: as fiercly as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georjo if it was true that he had accused me

file: 3663-172528-0032.flac
expected: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_2: he de nignt that i was so andthat h hat ar sead aeythin of the sort
	layer_4: he denint that it was so and that  he had ever sad anything of the sort
	layer_6: he denind that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sord
	layer_8: he denined that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_10: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_12: he denined that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort

file: 3663-172528-0033.flac
expected: maestro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_2: mi stra las thenolt retortet you galos purd
	layer_4: mys sro a ge stenot retourtet you gallows perd
	layer_6: my srew agostnor retorted you gallows bird
	layer_8: mytruagostina retorted you gallos bird
	layer_10: miru agostina retorted you gallows bird
	layer_12: myru agostina retorted you gallows bird

file: 3663-172528-0034.flac
expected: dont you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_2: do heu n that ay noit fl mosd sortin
	layer_4: don' sheu now that i now it for most serton
	layer_6: don't s hou know that i know it for most serton
	layer_8: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_10: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_12: don't you know that i know it for most certain

file: 3663-172528-0035.flac
expected: giorgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_2: jorjo mad af as crlyas y cot wrepeding thatthe het not a custmen
	layer_4: jorjo made of as quicklyas he coot repetding that he hadt not acusetme
	layer_6: jorjomade off as quickly as he could repatding that he had not accused me
	layer_8: geor go made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_10: georgeo made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_12: georgeo made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me

file: 3663-172528-0036.flac
expected: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_2: then atr short whil the douk kame bi whereapor ny heat ma self rase tu be fol his exela se a y hotit
	layer_4: then after short wile the deuk kame bi wher upo iy head my self rased up befoue his exeled sy and he holtet
	layer_6: then aftera short while the duk came by where uporn i had myself raised up before his excelency and he holted
	layer_8: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_10: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_12: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted

file: 3663-172528-0037.flac
expected: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my health
	layer_2: the duk dsed tme and mavot i wastil alis aftoorts ebae me tek ed to bean onest man and rega my hels
	layer_4: the duke gased at me and moavod i wa stel alice aftawerts evae me tak heaed to be an onerst man and regad my hels
	layer_6: the duk gased at me and marvot i was still alife afterwards he bate me tak heed to be an honest man and regaine my helse
	layer_8: the duke gazed at me and marvoed i was still alife afterwards he bave me take heed to be an honest man and regaine my heals
	layer_10: the duke gazed at me and marvled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regaine my helh
	layer_12: the duke gazed at me and marvoled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my helh

file: 3663-172528-0038.flac
expected: when i reached home niccolo da monte aguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leave because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_2: weni riaghe thom necoullo thu mon tl gwouto me to visitme antod me that i had excat an of the mose dreaht ful parrils in the wr quit caotrery to all hesexpec tations fo he heat sevg myrin reten with indalabo eenk nowim mus maehase to get wel and aftoits ti francleyfe becurs my gjappatd cave fromma order an a man asayblto distroy e
	layer_4: when i rache d home necolo thu montel gotor kame to visitme antod me that i had excaed one of the mose dreat fuld parials in the worow quit cotrery to al is expectations for he had se my ruin riten with indallabo enk now i mus make hased to get wel and aftrwitcs tik frencilif becus my jepotdy cave from a qarder an a man who as ayble to distroymey
	layer_6: when i reached home nicolord amontal gooto came to visite me and told me that i had excaped one of the most dratful perials in the worlw quie coutrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin riten with indelable ink now i must make hase to get well and afterwat's tack frenchly because my jepedy came from a quarter and a man who was able to distroy me
	layer_8: when i reached home nicolo da monte gruto came to visit me and told me that i had excaped one of the most drabful perils in the worl quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwars take frenchlef because my japitdy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_10: when i reached home nicolo damonte guto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful periels in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leef because my japedy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_12: when i reached home nicolo da montel guto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful periels in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japedy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me

file: 3663-172528-0039.flac
expected: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_2: ia sitthet i hat dad nothinto displeshem but that h hat injurt me andtodm ahy ofay abut the mingts
	layer_4: i an si thar i had dod nothing to displease him but that he hadt injurt me and toldim allty afabut the mint
	layer_6: i unswerd that i had do nothing to dispease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affaiabout the mint
	layer_8: i answered that i had dode nothing to displease him but that he had enjured me and told him all the affair about the min
	layer_10: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had endured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_12: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had endured me and told him all the affair about the mint

file: 3663-172528-0040.flac
expected: he repeated get hence as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_2: e repetit gut hadsis qretly as you cain and belf gd crrich fo you leil so veges axsekude son ha then you wixpc
	layer_4: he repete get heansis quikly as you can and be of good corech for youwel se o vegoens exic yutit sona ten you ixpec
	layer_6: he repeated get hanses queakly as you can and be of god corrage for you will see o vengence execuded soonar lan you expec
	layer_8: he repeated get heancsas quickly as you can and be of god courage for you will see or vengence executed sooner than you expect
	layer_10: he repeated get hans as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see yor vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_12: he repeated get hans as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see yor vengeance executed sooner than you expect

file: 3663-172528-0041.flac
expected: i the best attention to my health gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_2: id the beas a techen to my hes gf peatoal bagelo at vis abow sthaping the qoins and the wentaf apord my wa toro wit thout san a wr to tha douk l any buds
	layer_4: ei the bes atention to my helse gave pear tero pagolow at vise about stabping the coine and the went of upond my way to ro withthout sayn a wor to the duk a any budy els
	layer_6: i the best attention to my helse gave per tro pagalo at vice abou staping the coins and the went of upon my way to rom without saying a wordt to the duk or any body els
	layer_8: i the best attention to my hels gave piirtro pargalo atdvice about tamping the coints and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_10: i the best attention to my helse gave pirtro pagalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_12: i the best attention to my helse gave pirtro pagalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else

file: 3663-172528-0042.flac
expected: you want them to immortalise that ferocious tyrant
	layer_2: you ont themtoy mortolie thet fr roshes tirent
	layer_4: you ont themto e more tolis tat for roshus tirent
	layer_6: you want them to imoretilise d at forrocious tirant
	layer_8: you want them to imortialize at ferocious tyrent
	layer_10: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_12: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant

file: 3663-172528-0043.flac
expected: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_2: you hat neee mat anyping sox leit which prvsu a w iveteret fo and theddifod at frand an yet the pop ad ehae haditwics i mi to hangu wi thou any folt of yoals
	layer_4: you havd nema mat anything soixqweasit which provesu iwha imveateret fo and ther defod at frand and yet the pope ad he have had it twice in myin to han you withou any foult of yous
	layer_6: you have nemer made anything so exquisit which proves you i were inveterat fo and ther devodet frend and yet the pope and he have had it twice i mind to hang you without any falt of yours
	layer_8: you have never made anything so exquisit which proves you i wirl inveterate fol and ther devodete friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yoourse
	layer_10: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you i wil invetorate fo and thei devotet friend and yet the pope and he hate had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_12: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you i wil invetorate fo and ther devotete friend and yet the pope and he hath had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours

file: 3663-172528-0044.flac
expected: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clement
	layer_2: it was frmnly belet that duk ulisadi as he san alf po plaing
	layer_4: it was frmlyblet that douke olesadtrl was the san olf pope plamen
	layer_6: it was firmly believed that duk alesanddro was the sun off pope plamin
	layer_8: it was firmly believed that duke alesadro was the son of pope plamen
	layer_10: it was firmly believed that duke aleandr was the son of pope plemen
	layer_12: it was firmly believed that duke alizandro was the son of pope plament

file: 3663-172528-0045.flac
expected: messer francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that medal
	layer_2: meser frn chescl yusd o so to sa and swrd by al hi sants that ives e cd he wod hav ropt me ofthe dis fo that madll
	layer_4: messer frenchescl yust osol to say and swar by al he sints that ivfe he coud he would have roped me of the dyse fo that meddol
	layer_6: meser fron chesco used oso to say and swere by all he saint that if he could he would have ropped me of the dies for that medow
	layer_8: messer franchesco used also to say and swear by all his saint that if he could he would have ropped me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_10: messer franchasco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_12: messer franchasco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow

file: 3663-172528-0046.flac
expected: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_2: i waspornger that hat dounweld to tel myso and that i with tixsuch car of them tha he shout nalose them mre
	layer_4: i wasponde that he had doun welld to tel meso and thatd i wouilh tix cuch car of them that he shout maes them mor
	layer_6: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i woul tak such care of them that he should nee s  them more
	layer_8: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_10: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_12: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more

file: 3663-172528-0047.flac
expected: i now sent to florence to request lorenzino that he would send me the reverse of the medal
	layer_2: i thousento florans torequec lorin hkno that he wout ardme there vars of the matll
	layer_4: i thowsen to florencs to requese lowrn enon that he wout sad me the revers of the meadol
	layer_6: i dow sent to flowrance to request lowrn eenon that he would sed me the revers of the medol
	layer_8: i now sent to flowerence to request lornsnon that he would send me the reverse of the meadaw
	layer_10: i now sent to flowrence to request lorncinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_12: i now sent to flarence to request lorensinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow

file: 3663-172528-0048.flac
expected: niccolo da monte aguto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenzino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_2: nicull od thu mondal gooto to whom i hat rete rot bak sang that  het spokoonto that mad marlo coly frlar sefert lore se nolt forrit he haet rebligt  e as finking nit aga of nothig eulse and tha  woat inishit as son asy was abl
	layer_4: nicolo thut montil goto to whom i headt retend routd back san that he ha spoken to that mad mal colly tfela sofer lored senot forit he had repligt  he was tinking nigte ad day of nothing ouse and that he woalt inishet as son as he was able
	layer_6: nicalod thamontal gotor to whom i had ritened roate back saing that he had spoken to that mad mallecoly fhilosoffer lorend see no for it he had replied ththe was thinking night and day of nothing ouse and that he would finish it as soon as he was abole
	layer_8: nikolod da monte guto to whom i had ritened wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad malancholy philosopher loreni no for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was abl
	layer_10: nicolo da montel guto to whom i had writerned wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenci no for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_12: nicolo da monte guto to whom i had riturned wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenci no for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able

file: 3663-172528-0049.flac
expected: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_2: neve tielis i was not to seit my whops epon his revors but i hat better ivend on out of my on had and when i heat finistit i migt brygit we thou has etatien to thadouk for tis woakh be to mygh i vantich
	layer_4: nevr teless i was not to sat my hops apon his revers but i had better imvend one out of my on head and when i had finishtet i mighte bring it wi tout heas itation to the duke for this woult be to my itvantach
	layer_6: never teless i was not to sat my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished itd i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my avantagh
	layer_8: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_10: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_12: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage

file: 3663-172528-0050.flac
expected: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_2: i composd thading oferyvoars which t seme to me apropriait and pres thhe wort fawit to my bes abilit
	layer_4: i compost tha desine of erevers which tsemb to me apropret and press the wort fawt to my beast ability
	layer_6: i compostd the dezin of a revers which seeme to me appropiet and pressd the workh fowert to my best ability
	layer_8: i composed the design of a reverse whichseemed to me appropriate amd pressed the word forwerd to my best ability
	layer_10: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate amd pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_12: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate amd pressed the work forward to my best ability

file: 3663-172528-0051.flac
expected: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_2: this beso as he as a fenlol of much foume we yust afle tolaf to gerther abut the grae cretint he het g
	layer_4: this begso as he was a fellol of much eumer we yus offe to lagf togeither about the grae creadit he het gam
	layer_6: this being so as he was a fellow of much umer we used offrd to laugh together about the great cred it he had game
	layer_8: this being so as he was a fellow of much humur we used offered to laugh together about the great credit he had ganme
	layer_10: this being so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offered to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_12: this being so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offered to laugh together about the great credit he had gained

file: 3663-172528-0052.flac
expected: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling piece ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_2: i thefodis mountet et os got my fiolim pesrage an at a vera lorangeh brout tu ofsthemdou witha si go bal
	layer_4: i therfor dis mounted at onds got my fouling pes rady and at a very longrange brot to of them down with e sigo bal
	layer_6: i therefor dismounted at ons got my fouling peace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a singl ball
	layer_8: i therefore dismounted at once got my fouling peace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_10: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_12: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball

file: 3663-172528-0053.flac
expected: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_2: and e e yuse to sut is mal than on bal and as yuasly abl to hk mye mark at to hundre cubits which cin ot be dunbgh athelas of lodi
	layer_4: and evea yus to sued ris malthan one ball and was ousully able to hit my mark at to hundrit cubits which can ot be dun by othe ways of loding
	layer_6: ad never used to shod with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at to hundret cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_8: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_10: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_12: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading

file: 3663-172528-0054.flac
expected: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_2: i ivetert my foit and tleat the morta rynout thead when ih heat mowntet we mak hased fa ro
	layer_4: i livetet my fuort and lat the wartar ranout the when i had mounte we make hased for rom
	layer_6: i lived at my fot and tlet the water run out then when i had mounted we make hast for rome
	layer_8: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we make haste for rome
	layer_10: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we make haste for rome
	layer_12: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we make haste for rome

file: 4323-18416-0000.flac
expected: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_2: ther was noancer and after onter to in affectuiltents frounsy turd ferfuly a way
	layer_4: there was now answer and after oner to ina fectual atens frounsy turd fearfully away
	layer_6: there was no answer and after on or two in effectual attents froundsy tured fearfully away
	layer_8: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents frozy turned fearfully away
	layer_10: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents fronzi turned fearfully away
	layer_12: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents frozi turned fearfully away

file: 4323-18416-0001.flac
expected: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knob
	layer_2: atry and she ladaquikin nom te now
	layer_4: ial tri and she lit o quikan no a now
	layer_6: i'll try and she lad a quick an doma now
	layer_8: i'll try and she laid a quick haand o man now
	layer_10: 'll try and she laid a quick hand on the now
	layer_12: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the now

file: 4323-18416-0002.flac
expected: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_2: toe red spots bura nonerchees an herpailld liy yse npt
	layer_4: two red spougts bur dnonerchikes and her pale ly i snapet
	layer_6: two red spots burn on er cheeks and her palve li i snaped
	layer_8: two red spots burn on her cheeks and her pale lu eyes snapped
	layer_10: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale lue eyes snapped
	layer_12: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped

file: 4323-18416-0003.flac
expected: oh i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_2: woim sur i herdit reagingnot the daon
	layer_4: whime ster i heard it raging ot then down
	layer_6: whi'me sure i heard it raging up ten down
	layer_8: why'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_10: wi'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_12: wi'm sure i heard it raging up and down

file: 4323-18416-0004.flac
expected: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back
	layer_2: i dot monany dinner sad shar tlat toy mak
	layer_4: i don't mon any didner said charelat daing mack
	layer_6: i don't mone any dinner said shalet drawing mack
	layer_8: i don't want any dinner said charlet drawing back
	layer_10: i don't want any dinner said charloot drawing back
	layer_12: i don't want any dinner said charlooe drawing back

file: 4323-18416-0005.flac
expected: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_2: yesindede at pollyterladuus finmis combe
	layer_4: yesinded sai polyturely jest us finis conbe
	layer_6: yes indeed said politherily just as fin as can be
	layer_8: yes indeed said poly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_10: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_12: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be

file: 4323-18416-0006.flac
expected: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_2: a shurly saittole misstercang with greatsadesfaction impolys pluger and ant herisecxcessin dri sharlat hou
	layer_4: a shrdly said old mister caing with great sat sfaction impoly s plesr and ant her sexcess ind dryng sharl it hout
	layer_6: asurely said old mister king with great satisfaction ind poliy's pleasure and ant her success in drwying sharlet hout
	layer_8: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction ind polly's pleasure and at her success in drawying charlet ot
	layer_10: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlet out
	layer_12: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charloete out

file: 4323-18416-0007.flac
expected: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_2: an afted this ther redno mor quit days for shar lat cuttiton
	layer_4: and afterd this the reno mor quiet days for sharlit chouttetn
	layer_6: and afterd this there wred no more quiet days for sharlet chouterton
	layer_8: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlit chawterton
	layer_10: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlet chawterton
	layer_12: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlote chatterton

file: 4323-18416-0008.flac
expected: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_2: o bus me ad t you fronsy anplase to prie
	layer_4: obust maat tou fronsy inplace to prie
	layer_6: oh blest me at tou fronsy in pleace to price
	layer_8: oh bluss me at o fronziy in plased se prise
	layer_10: oh bluss me it's ou fhronsie im plased surprise
	layer_12: oh bluss me it's o fhronsie im plased surprise

file: 4323-18416-0009.flac
expected: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_2: yeskrenp pa said froun stey coming anae chuding thitter cerfly i ceme onperbis to seyoual along
	layer_4: yescranpapat said fronsy coming an an choudting that or cerfuly i came omperpus to see you all alon
	layer_6: yesgrantpepa said frondsy coming in and shudting tha ore carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_8: yes granpapa said fronsiy coming in and shutting tha or carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_10: yes grandpapa said pronse coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_12: yes grandpapa said pronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone

file: 4323-18416-0010.flac
expected: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_2: so youe did dear said mister cing hiyele groat af id impuishing awiy his riding tablel he heloutasand
	layer_4: so you did dear said mister kaing hie ly grout if id ompishing owy his riding table he held out is hand
	layer_6: so you did dear said mister king highly grautif id am pushing awaiy his riding table he held out his hand
	layer_8: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his riding table he held out his hand
	layer_10: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his riting table he held out his hand
	layer_12: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand

file: 4323-18416-0011.flac
expected: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_2: hoo know gran topa crid fronsy an rashur i cud never be to bak fet that su she purch te as of ald on isming thand she fuldetter hans o loct gravely in is face
	layer_4: ho know gran papa crid fronsy in arapther i could never be to bik for that su she perched u as of ald on asning thand she fuld ither hands an lockd gravely in hs face
	layer_6: o no grand pepa cried fronsy in araptere i could never be to big for that so she purched up as of old on his ne then she folded her hands ad looed gravely in his face
	layer_8: oh no grandpapa cried fronziy in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his ne then she folded her hands ad looked gravely in his face
	layer_10: oh no grandpapa cried pronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_12: oh no grandpapa cried phronsye in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face

file: 4323-18416-0012.flac
expected: well my dear what is it
	layer_2: whil ma er wat isi
	layer_4: wiel my dere wat is it
	layer_6: whell my dear what is it
	layer_8: well my dear what is it
	layer_10: well my dear what is it
	layer_12: well my dear what is it

file: 4323-18416-0013.flac
expected: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_2: ae teal gon imen presitly hyof come tetelmy somn thi asupos
	layer_4: as theldjon om oan preasntly yoeue come te tel me something i suppose
	layer_6: ask the oldgunemn presently yo've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_8: asked the old gentleman presently yu've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_10: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_12: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose

file: 4323-18416-0014.flac
expected: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed
	layer_2: yasrenpepo i have sad frounsy doisidoly and it is most him portant tuget p upo at ai du wishi it seol mach and she claster hans taider insit
	layer_4: yescren pepat i have said frownsy dositadly and it is most importain't two grad pupock ant o i do wish it so much and she claster hancs titer ind side
	layer_6: yesgrand pupat i have said fronsy decidedly and it is most important too grad papac ad oh i do wish it so much and she clased her hands titer in side
	layer_8: yes granpapa i have said franziy decidedly and it is most important too gradpapa ad oh i do wish it so much and she clased her hands tit her inside
	layer_10: yes grandpapa i have said fhronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa ad oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight her inside
	layer_12: yes grandpapa i have said fhronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight her inside

file: 4323-18416-0015.flac
expected: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_2: well t en frose f eou wat ad i sippos it mustmy said misster cing quidis o materof corse
	layer_4: well than fronsi if you want et i suppos it must be said mister king quitis omat erof corse
	layer_6: well then fronzy if you wanted i suppos it must be said mister king quit is a matte of course
	layer_8: well then franzy if you wanted i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_10: well then fronzy if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_12: well then fronsy if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course

file: 4323-18416-0016.flac
expected: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_2: of she luf youover thing she had frondy a capl ol milliins er soatis wy
	layer_4: of she lefe you ver think she had frondsy a col of millions wor so itis wy
	layer_6: oh she left you every think she had fronsy a couple of milions or so it is why
	layer_8: oh she left you every think she had fronzey a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_10: oh she left you everythink she had fhronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_12: oh she left you everythink she had fhronsie a couple of millions or so it is why

file: 4323-18416-0017.flac
expected: charlotte poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_2: shar lt por repea tid theal juntmen
	layer_4: sharvit por repeted the ol junaemen
	layer_6: sharvite por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_8: charvit por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_10: charvote por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_12: charvote por repeated the old gentleman

file: 4323-18416-0018.flac
expected: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_2: whi non notegx acly herfaltheris ant rch buc shar lat i tinke ba dyouvery wel ispechily ais i intan to keper her fora wl and then ni shial lever luttr sufer fronsy never indeat
	layer_4: y knon' not egxactly her father is an' rich but shar lat i think be dou very well ispecially as i antend to keeopr herfor a wile and then ni shall never let her suffer fronse never inddeeat
	layer_6: why kno not exactly her father is n rich but sharlet i think bay do very well especially as i entend to keep her heare for a while and then i shall never let her suffer fronse never indeet
	layer_8: whoy kno not exactly her father is n't rich but sharlet i think bay do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer franzy never indeed
	layer_10: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlete i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer fronzy never indeed
	layer_12: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer fronzy never indeed

file: 4323-18416-0019.flac
expected: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_2: grapfarar said fronsy whans eit mis is tadetan at to shar let
	layer_4: grampefar said froncy was ant mis is caderten ant to shar let
	layer_6: grabepr said frondsy wasn't misus chadtert on ant to sharlet
	layer_8: gradpap said fronziy wasn't missus chaterton ant to charlet
	layer_10: grandpapa said pronzie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlote
	layer_12: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlote

file: 4323-18416-0020.flac
expected: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_2: ife miss catter tond was ant te shaeoftit prsustaf frongsy sloly it seemsasif shamlid ot tohave som on the moiny it rely daesgren pupa
	layer_4: if missuis chadter tin was ant to sharhit percistof frownsey slovly it seemc is if shirlitd out to have some of the mone it rely das graen pepa
	layer_6: if missus chadterton was ant tho sharlet persisted fronsy slowbly it seems as if shirled ought to have some of the money it really dos grand pupa
	layer_8: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlet persisted fronsiy slowly it seems as if charla ought to have some of the money it really does grand papa
	layer_10: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlote persisted hronsie slowly it seems as if charlot ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_12: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlote persisted pronsie slowly it seems as if charloote ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa

file: 4323-18416-0021.flac
expected: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_2: maby said theol jodimom ithe shor laf and i shouldnt onder of coas in nyunis wes sari over afou other things toot fronsy
	layer_4: maby said the ol judemamwith ha short lauf and i shouldnt onder of cousin unes was sory ofver afeu other things toot fronsy
	layer_6: maby said the old genlman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cusin unes was sory over a few other things too fronzy
	layer_8: mayby said the old gentlman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin unis was sorry over a few other things too fronziy
	layer_10: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too fhronsie
	layer_12: mayby said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too fhronsie

file: 4323-18416-0022.flac
expected: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_2: whit nat na crvery glatd of i dey showlet some of he mony
	layer_4: what nit make erevery gli ad of i ganv sha lat some of the money
	layer_6: whalddn ite make her very glad if i gave shaw let some of the money
	layer_8: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave shar let some of the money
	layer_10: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlet some of the money
	layer_12: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave chawlet some of the money

file: 4323-18416-0023.flac
expected: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_2: for anseer mister cking settredoun hacely om t for and tut to withre turins ou pen doun therm
	layer_4: for anser mister cing sedter down hace ly om the flor and topt two wrthre turns uppendown therom
	layer_6: for answer mister king se ter down hastily on the flor and took two wher three turns up and down the room
	layer_8: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two orthree turns up and down the room
	layer_10: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_12: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room

file: 4323-18416-0024.flac
expected: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_2: awhi do so wish i mighechhe tad thr soe mch for littl grallige me
	layer_4: i whi do so wish i might she sad ther soe much for little gral ike me
	layer_6: a why do so wish i might she said ther' so much for a little girl like me
	layer_8: oh hy do so wish i might she said the's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_10: oh hy do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_12: oh hy do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me

file: 4323-18416-0025.flac
expected: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_2: it il be so nice t have shri lat hae some with me still nowancer
	layer_4: it witl be so nise to have shar that have some with me still kno ancwer
	layer_6: it woul be so nice to have sharlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_8: it would be so nice to have sharlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_10: it would be so nice to have charlete have some with me still no answer
	layer_12: it would be so nice to have charlete have some with me still no answer

file: 4323-18416-0026.flac
expected: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_2: i was raiding anot to missusfargo siv fronsyt pulting upprolips forices
	layer_4: i was rigtig a not to missus fargo sid fronsye puting ut per lips frikus
	layer_6: i was riting a not to missus fargo said franzy putting up her lips for a kis
	layer_8: i was wridig a note to missus fargo said vronziy putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_10: i was writing a note to missus fargo said fronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_12: i was writing a note to missus fargo said fhronsie putting up her lips for a kiss

file: 4323-18416-0027.flac
expected: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_2: shure as i tend be fronsy said ll misstrcings mily gid bideor
	layer_4: shure as ikan be fronsy said ld mister king smily good by dear
	layer_6: sure as ican be franzy said old mister king smily ood by dear
	layer_8: sure as i can be franziy said old mister king smilin ood by dear
	layer_10: sure as i can be fhronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_12: sure as i can be fhronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear

file: 4323-18416-0028.flac
expected: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_2: theyreit theire my sus tis bashi ll never sa that but comin comen
	layer_4: thered theire my sis trspoishiall never say that but comein comet
	layer_6: there ther my sister spoi shall never say that but come incomet
	layer_8: there there my sisters boy shall never say that but come incomme
	layer_10: there there my sisters boy shall never say that but come incoment
	layer_12: there there my sisters boy shall never say that but come incoment

file: 4323-18416-0029.flac
expected: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_2: natobeungraces the oung anclr omsal thend wichar
	layer_4: not to be ungraious the young ranhlry omself indt which ere
	layer_6: not to be yongracios the young ran thre himself int which ar
	layer_8: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into ach hair
	layer_10: not to be un gracious the young man threw himself into a hair
	layer_12: not to be un gracious the young man threw himself into a chair

file: 4323-18416-0030.flac
expected: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_2: on hang nt auncle wi kinto lut me a lon
	layer_4: o hang nt unkle wiy kintyo lot me a lon
	layer_6: oh hang it uncle wy can' ye let me alone
	layer_8: oh hangt uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_10: oh hangt uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_12: oh hangit uncle why can't you let me alone

file: 4323-18416-0031.flac
expected: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_2: whichis a onder interplited pickerin
	layer_4: which is a wonder inter polated pickering
	layer_6: which is a wonder interplated pickering
	layer_8: which is a wonder interplated pickering
	layer_10: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_12: which is a wonder interpolated pickering

file: 4323-18416-0032.flac
expected: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_2: i kno you did ongl sai picrin youv don every thing ittscood
	layer_4: i kno you dit ouncale said pickering hyou don everything tat'scood
	layer_6: i know you did uncle said pickering youe done everything thit's good
	layer_8: i know you did uncle said pickering you'vedone everything that's good
	layer_10: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_12: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good

file: 4323-18416-0033.flac
expected: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_2: for haven sake pigaring cridt is uncle doardting m fron o the car in its res te sukpat dont sa that a gen
	layer_4: for haven sae pickering cridt is uncle duarting in frin ofthe char in its res lesockbet don't say that again
	layer_6: for haven' sake pickering cried his uncle darding in frond of te chair in its resless ocupet don't say that again
	layer_8: for heaven' sake pickering cried is uncle darting in front of the chair an its restless occupate don't say that again
	layer_10: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_12: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again

file: 4323-18416-0034.flac
expected: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for naught but i hope i've not sunk to that
	layer_2: i ben alasy dag aom y lii in a good fr not but i hopovd not sun tod tha
	layer_4: i' ben o laisy dag oal my lif in a good for not but i hop oe not sumnt tod thatc
	layer_6: ive ben a lazy dog all my life ind a good for not but i hope of not som to that
	layer_8: i've been a lazy dog all my life an a good for not but i hope o've not sumto that
	layer_10: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for not but i hope i've not sumpted that
	layer_12: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for not but i hope i've not sumpted that

file: 4323-13259-0000.flac
expected: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_2: the church pels wer rining amd peoplonty aveno going byti ser vus turendcuris in quiringloks of he the grat haus and them wen on toko wio the resion ovence which had sustrangely enderd into and mae histry in the saty
	layer_4: the church pels were ringing and peopl on the avine going bihtoservis turned churious inquiring looks u tat the great houes and them wen o toalking iof the reason ovence which hald so strangely enderd into and mate histry in the sity
	layer_6: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenw going by to servis turned curious inquiring looks up tat the great house and them wen on tolking of the reaseon evente which had so strangely endered into and made history in the city
	layer_8: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenuwe going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recen events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_10: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_12: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city

file: 4323-13259-0001.flac
expected: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_2: and al lu his impasion afpeil the sorning there was a noto sadtes ener buk and sturn con the mation tut ma many of themembers paill with self accesation ore within wered anger
	layer_4: and alt thuw his impassion ap peal the smorning there was a not o sadness anddrbuk and stern condemation tat made many of the members pail with self accisation or with in wered anger
	layer_6: and all thruegh his impassion a peal thismorning there was a noti sadness and rebuke and sturn condimmation thut made many of the member's pale with self acusation or with inwad anger
	layer_8: and all through his impassiond appeal this morning there was a noteofe sadness and rebuke and stern condemmation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_10: and all through his impassione appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_12: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemmation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger

file: 4323-13259-0002.flac
expected: raymond had voted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_2: ramen had boted to continu fori nother year the sulon
	layer_4: ram an head boted to continuw for ian nother year the sulom
	layer_6: raman had boted to continuwe for another year the salu
	layer_8: bramon had boted to continue for another year the salo
	layer_10: raymon had voted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_12: raymon had voted to continue for another year the saloon

file: 4323-13259-0003.flac
expected: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_2: the cristons of ramansteid cn dend by the rislt
	layer_4: the cristons of vrame andsted con demd by the rislt
	layer_6: the christans of ramon stood condembed by the result
	layer_8: the christians of raman stod condemned by the result
	layer_10: the christians of ramon stood condemned by the result
	layer_12: the christians of ramon stood condemned by the result

file: 4323-13259-0004.flac
expected: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_2: for that had been the fact in rame end forearse ti sllon rled
	layer_4: for that had been the fact in rame and for earse the solounroult
	layer_6: for that had been the fact in ramand for years the solon ruled
	layer_8: for that had been the fact in ramoned for years the saloon ruled
	layer_10: for that had been the fact in ramond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_12: for that had been the fact in ramond for years the saloon ruled

file: 4323-13259-0005.flac
expected: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_2: hrusit ant marhsat ther his usual irectancsom forom wrigt self comped am aring al ga his had bout apon his brest the graghttears rllng doun hischeks und moainflof the facke that neverd bhe fore hadhy shown out wered amotion ind apolicxcervis
	layer_4: reusit nt marhe at there his usual irect ansom furm wright self comped in baring all go his head bout upon his brest the greaght tears rolling down his cheks un minful of the fack that neverd before head he shown out wered amotion in apouvblik cervis
	layer_6: president marchs that there his usual irect handsom frm right self compident vearing all gan his head boutd upon his bruast the great tears roling down his cheeks unminful of the faect that neverd before had he showne outwardemotion in a public service
	layer_8: president marh stat there his usual erect handsome frm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that neverd before head he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_10: president marh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_12: president march sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service

file: 4323-13259-0006.flac
expected: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_2: what if he had begunt to was tesas whrt hof don long aego
	layer_4: what if he had begunt do was jesus what hae doun long ago
	layer_6: what if he had begun to do as jesus whot have don long ago
	layer_8: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_10: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_12: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago

file: 4323-13259-0007.flac
expected: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_2: wen had the forsturch eile to suchabact hes im of ters
	layer_4: wen had the firs churchiel te to such abact hs im of tears
	layer_6: when had the first church yiilded to such a baped ism of t ears
	layer_8: when had the first church yieilded to such a bactism of tears
	layer_10: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_12: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears

file: 4323-13259-0008.flac
expected: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_2: what at be come o thts rageleir presice can vencional order of servus und di stere b any volger amotion and unmoe b any fou li shexihtemen
	layer_4: what had become of hits regular precice canventional order of srvise undestered by any voll gr aemotion and unmoved by any folish excightement
	layer_6: what id become of its regular precice conventional order of service undesterved by any volgaramotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_8: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturved by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_10: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_12: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement

file: 4323-13259-0009.flac
expected: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_2: the had ben living so long o ther ser fisfalingcs that the had onmoust forgotin the deper wels aof ly
	layer_4: they had ben living so long on their serfospfialingcs thath they had al loust forgotind the deoper wells of li
	layer_6: they had been living so long on their sirfaspielings that they had almost forgotten the deper wells of li
	layer_8: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_10: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_12: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life

file: 4323-13259-0010.flac
expected: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiskey power in raymond that would break its reign forever
	layer_2: he meating was tender at glod it the sperits pesens it was ale wats stng and lasing ras alf to be gin a wre om the wisce pour and rament that ould brake at s rane for ever
	layer_4: the meading was tender it glowd ith the sperits presence it was a live wats stang and lasting ras olvf to begain a ware on the wisky powr and ramento that ould breake ats rain for ever
	layer_6: the meeating was tender it glowd with the spirits presence it was alive wash stong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the wisky power and rayment that ould break its rain for ever
	layer_8: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirits presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolved to begin a war on the whisky power in raymond that would break its rain for ever
	layer_10: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirits presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in rayment that would break its rin for ever
	layer_12: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirits presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the wisky power in rayment that would break its rign for ever

file: 4323-13259-0011.flac
expected: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_2: sins thefirst sene tha wen the firs compny abolntearse had plech themselstode as gesis bou bou thet diferent meating s had bincarcdirise bye te stint implses r mpresions
	layer_4: sincs the first soned tey when the first company aobollentars had plech themsels to de as gesus wud du the diferent medings had ben carictor is bye destint impulses or impresionce
	layer_6: since the first sunday when the first company of bolenters had pledsed themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterised by distinct impulses or impressioncs
	layer_8: since the first sunday when the first company of bolnters had pleged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_10: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_12: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions

file: 4323-13259-0012.flac
expected: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_2: and alter it ran one genner o criffor oliverencs aomd the siline an its olfle curs
	layer_4: and alter ot ran one genneral crife for diliverence om the solone and itsofful curs
	layer_6: and altroegh it rand one general crye for deliverence from the solon ind its aful curs
	layer_8: and althrg it ran one general cry for deliverance from the salon an its awful curse
	layer_10: and all thrugh it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_12: and all thrugh it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse

file: 4323-13259-0013.flac
expected: gray and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what loreen's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_2: gran his wie ore be seach bing quirros who one e t no what lor ins frendshan aquitencas wreixsec ted to dw in pang ner uster setsto her
	layer_4: greain his wife for beceeach by ing quirs who woneded to now what loriins friends an acquaintancas wer expected to do in pain ther las er spets to her
	layer_6: gray an his wife wra beceeached by ingquirs who wanded to now what lorians friends and acquaintnces we expected to do im pain their last respects to her
	layer_8: gray and his wife were beseeched by inquirs who wanted to know what larian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_10: gray and his wife were beseched by inquirers who wanted to know what larian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_12: gray and his wife were besieched by inquirers who wanted to know what lauriin's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her

file: 4323-13259-0014.flac
expected: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_2: gray had gone up tof ereginiens and after toking ado er with her an maxel erange met had be made
	layer_4: greay had gon upt tof rginienc and after tacking atdover with her and maxbe he range ment had been made
	layer_6: greay had gonup tof rginious and after talking at over with her and maxbe he arangement had ben made
	layer_8: gry had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_10: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_12: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made

file: 4323-13259-0015.flac
expected: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its great sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_2: i am and ow lwas havben apos olarge publitc funeral si gry whoscomleat hulsom simflisitavf carter was wone of its gratis sorses of strinh but the cri of the por cratur two n lorin asseoernss that i not ow hatter ofeuse the sesire to seher and pa her pore boty some laslitle onter what duthing misster maxll
	layer_4: i am and al was have ben upose salarge pupblic funeral sai gray whos complet holsome simplicit ve caricter was one of its gratest sorses of strainth but the criy of the por creatur s who knew lorin is so earnes that ied not now hadter afuse the sesir to see her and pay her pore body some las blittle oner what deouthingk mistermaxsbal
	layer_6: i am and all was have ben aposed to large pubplic funerals said gra whose complete holsome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strenth but the cry of the por creaturs who knew lorine is so earnes that i did not now hoa tor afused the sesire to see her and pay her poorbody some las blittle honour what do you think mister maxval
	layer_8: i am and always have been opposed a large public funeral said gray whose complete holesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creaturs who knew lorein is so earnest that i did not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body somelast little honour what do you think mister maxvell
	layer_10: i am and always have been opposed ta large public funeral said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew larin is so earnest that i doid not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_12: i am and always have been opposed ta large public funeral said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew laurin is so earnest that i di not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell

file: 4323-13259-0016.flac
expected: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_2: i wil te gad erd by gurjeuchrn an mater
	layer_4: i will te gaded by your jeush fren an he matter
	layer_6: i will be gided by youra gughmen in te matter
	layer_8: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_10: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter
	layer_12: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter

file: 4323-13259-0017.flac
expected: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_2: i m sher tht what ever yuw on mis pached thing best woil be right
	layer_4: i ham shur that what ever you an miss pate think best will be right
	layer_6: i am sure that whatever you and mis pace think best will be rigt
	layer_8: i am sure that whatever you and misspaghe think best will be rigt
	layer_10: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_12: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right

file: 4323-13259-0018.flac
expected: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_2: under the sercomsances i have a grates tase for what ing lie te splaet such tims tut the simns diferen
	layer_4: under the sercomsances i have a great dis taced for what sem like de splay at such times buat thi seemes differen
	layer_6: under the circum sances i have a great distast for what seeme like display at such times but this seemes different
	layer_8: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_10: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_12: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different

file: 4323-13259-0019.flac
expected: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_2: et haphen the that eafteronon a some wt notedneasefa er corspon it was passing diram anto his wat when at etoril commention in h neabring sity
	layer_4: it happen the that afternon a some want noted neased pap ercourason at was passing dhirame ant of his way to en e etorial conmention in a neybring sity
	layer_6: it happened that that afternoon a some whant noted nespaper coresponint was passing thi raiment on his way to an ed atorial convention in a neigboring city
	layer_8: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper corespondent was passing thog raymend on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city
	layer_10: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing throug raymend on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city
	layer_12: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through rayment on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city

file: 4323-13259-0020.flac
expected: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services at the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_2: she was acoman stret drounkerd and yet the ser vis usu the tent were ais impresof as anyai ever witnesan ameterpal an churc ofer the mos de seinguich tidisn
	layer_4: she was acomeand streat drunkerd and yet the servisus of the tent where ais impressofe as any i ever witness t an ameter poliotin church over the most desinguishd siicon
	layer_6: she was ac common street drunkared and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witness an a metrpolian church over the most disinguishd siticen
	layer_8: she was a common street drunkerd and yet the servicees of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meatr politan church over the most disinguished citizen
	layer_10: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metrpolitin church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_12: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metrpolitin church over the most distinguished citizen

file: 4323-13259-0021.flac
expected: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_2: it srucke me of cors being istrander i the plics with con sitterable stonisment to har oaes lie thos one nacurulexfecsto hare ollly in great turches or consets at sutho mading is this
	layer_4: it srukt me of course being a stranger in the place with consitterable stonishment to her voices like those one naturalaexpects to heare aonly in greagt thurches ore consets at such a mating is this
	layer_6: its shruck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturall expects to heare only in great thurches ore conserts at such a meting as this
	layer_8: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_10: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_12: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this

file: 4323-13259-0022.flac
expected: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_2: mister masl sok ot the fac that the ded wom in had been fuly prpared togo but he sfokin nt peculyaurely sensid ife maner of the a fec tof the licer bisnesome a lives op menin wym he like thisn
	layer_4: mister mackswll soke of the fackt that the ded woman had been fully prpaired togo but he spokn a peculyoarly sensit ovf manner of the affect of the licker bissness om a lives of men en wim an like this ne
	layer_6: mister macxs wil spoke ot the fect that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoken a peculiarely sensitive manner of the effect of the licker business on alives op men and woman like this on
	layer_8: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spokein a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the likor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_10: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spokein a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_12: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one

file: 4323-13259-0023.flac
expected: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_2: ramen of cors bing arailero town an the sendter of the grat pacing antrous for the s reagon is ful of saleonce
	layer_4: rameend of cours being aralrod town and the cendter of the great packing interos for thes reeagon is full of soloncs
	layer_6: ramend of course being arailrod town an the cender of the great packing interesst for this region is full of solunce
	layer_8: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centtere of the great packing interest for this region is full of saloons
	layer_10: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centtere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_12: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons

file: 4323-13259-0024.flac
expected: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_2: then foll od what was perhaps the crerpart of the straneg srvss
	layer_4: thenfollowd what was perhabs the cueer part of the strange srviuse
	layer_6: then followed what was perhaps the queerpart of thi strange survice
	layer_8: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_10: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_12: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service

file: 4323-13259-0025.flac
expected: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_2: it was one of the semplist and at the sain tim one of the most impresif sites i ever witnest
	layer_4: it was one of the semplest and at the same time one of the most impressof sigkes i ever witnest
	layer_6: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most imprescive cites i ever witnest
	layer_8: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sightes i ever witnessed
	layer_10: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sigts i ever witnessed
	layer_12: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed

file: 4323-13259-0026.flac
expected: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_2: ther musto ben hungred of thes lomn and i was told many of them hadbeenconfirted at the mading stjustresently
	layer_4: there musta been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the metings just reacsantly
	layer_6: there must havebeen a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meedings just reacently
	layer_8: there must haveben a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_10: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_12: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently

file: 4323-55228-0000.flac
expected: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_2: the nexmoment he fell bagan amasment befor the inpetu as russhof a striy ied fleshdchek dyeoung women who demaended
	layer_4: the nexmoment he fell bakg an amasmemt befor the in pecuas russh of a stary ide flesh chek te oung wom an ho demanded
	layer_6: the next moment he fell bacgk ind amazement before the inpetuous frush of a stry ied flush cheek young roman who demanded
	layer_8: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous frush of a stary eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_10: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_12: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded

file: 4323-55228-0001.flac
expected: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_2: wharyise petmis boly gast the od man
	layer_4: were iyse peat mis billy gasd the ol man
	layer_6: where is hy peat miss billy gaked the old man
	layer_8: where is he pet miss billy gasked the old man
	layer_10: where is he pet miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_12: where is he peet miss billy gasped the old man

file: 4323-55228-0002.flac
expected: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_2: int hansheekx to were flushed and hrie story butwith tdesmay an anger the last becas she dad not like the wa pet had sad mis milys name
	layer_4: ant hanas cheekxs to were flushed and hr iys stary but with desmay and anger the lasd becus she did not like the way pet had said miss billi's name
	layer_6: ant hannes cheeks too were flushed ind her eye's stary but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way peethad said miss billie's name
	layer_8: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed in her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pet had said miss billy's name
	layer_10: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way peeate had said miss billy's name
	layer_12: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way peete had said miss billy's name

file: 4323-55228-0003.flac
expected: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_2: it was one matter for herto of jectto t is thing vily wis duing but quide nother forpeato do it of corsits she
	layer_4: it was one moatter for herto abjec to this thing villy was doing but quidenother for pat to dot of coursits she
	layer_6: it was one matter for her to object to this thing bille was doing but quie another for pat to do it of course its she
	layer_8: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pak to do it of course it's she
	layer_10: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pate to do it of course it's she
	layer_12: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peate to do it of course it's she

file: 4323-55228-0004.flac
expected: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_2: retort ed ant han ateustly as if you yor sefd an frin her here with your crasi messic isat thes time of nigt pet warisy
	layer_4: retoareted ant han atestelly as if you yourseftn't fring her here with your crasy messigisit thes time of nightpeat wereysy
	layer_6: retorded ant hanatestily as if you yourselftdnt fring her her with your crazy messages at this time of night pet wheariase
	layer_8: retorted anthan attestily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pet where is he
	layer_10: retorted aunt hanat testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_12: retorted aunt han at testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he

file: 4323-55228-0005.flac
expected: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_2: int erpas bily tolmisterber trom i ame hyor or wat alco ratinindsopriceit
	layer_4: ind er posed billy tel misterber trmy am her or wate i'lkcal retin ant supprice mt
	layer_6: inter posed billy tell mister brtrmy am here or wait i'l go rigtend in surprice him
	layer_8: interposed billy tell mister bertramiam here or wait i'll go rit in and surprise him
	layer_10: interposed billy tell mister bertramiam here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_12: interposed billy tell mister bertramiam here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him

file: 4323-55228-0006.flac
expected: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_2: pee had ere ceverid imself by now but heded nonyving glince wrdant hain
	layer_4: pet had recoverd himself by now but he ded noteven glanced wered ant hana
	layer_6: peat had recoverd himself by now but he did not even glincedowardanthanna
	layer_8: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glanced tward ant hana
	layer_10: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance twards aunt hanna
	layer_12: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hanna

file: 4323-55228-0007.flac
expected: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_2: mis bily mis bily gur an angjl strak fremhavin you arn yu ar o um so gladgyou came
	layer_4: miss billy mis billy youre an angjll strate rom heavin you arn you ar o um so glad you came
	layer_6: miss billy miss bily youre an angel straiht from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_8: miss billy miss billiy youre an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_10: miss billy miss billy you'r an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_12: miss billy miss billy yo'r an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came

file: 4323-55228-0008.flac
expected: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_2: aittl beaovrige no aovvrige hesin the den mispilly
	layer_4: ittll be all righe now alrighte hesend the den misspilly
	layer_6: ittl be all rigt now all wright he' sen the dend misbilly
	layer_8: it'll be all right now all right he'sn the de miss billy
	layer_10: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_12: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy

file: 4323-55228-0009.flac
expected: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_2: velly turn egrly but beforshe could take soe michas ons tept wreh the oriet the in o the hal iat han as indignnt oisarestit her beley stop
	layer_4: billy turne eagerly but before she could take so much as onecetept wered the dorid the and o the hal ant han as indignent voicarestit her bely stup
	layer_6: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one stept whared the door at the ando the hal ant handas indignant voice arested her billy stop
	layer_8: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one steped oweard the door at the end of the hall aunthana's indignant voice arrested her bily stop
	layer_10: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billys stop
	layer_12: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy's stop

file: 4323-55228-0010.flac
expected: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_2: peat goteun yormaster that we ar her and askif heu wil resve us petslis twichd
	layer_4: pet go tel your master that we ar her and askif heu will receve us pats lips twiched
	layer_6: pet go tell your master that we are here and ask ife he will receive us pets lips twitched
	layer_8: pat go tel your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us petes lips twitched
	layer_10: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pet's lips twitched
	layer_12: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us peet's lips twitched

file: 4323-55228-0011.flac
expected: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_2: but i s face wus preturd nantualy grave when he spouk
	layer_4: but his face was pretre nantually grave when he spok
	layer_6: but his face was preder nanturally grave when he spoke
	layer_8: but his face was preter nanturally grave when he spoke
	layer_10: but his face was preter naturally grave when he spoke
	layer_12: but his face was preter naturally grave when he spoke

file: 4323-55228-0012.flac
expected: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its knees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_2: a fing figyour breshd bi him and tel onet seese by the cout o the lo cri brtroms ise fly wobpen
	layer_4: a fying figyour brushed by him and fell onat sese by the cout wit the lo cry burtrims ise fle open
	layer_6: a fying figur brushed by him and fell on it ceesed by the couth with a low cry burchrims eyese flew open
	layer_8: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seised by the couch with a low cry berchrim's eyes flew open
	layer_10: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its ses by the couch with a low cry berthram's eyes flew open
	layer_12: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its sees by the couch with a low cry berthram's eyes flew open

file: 4323-55228-0013.flac
expected: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_2: donling foun i thear manatlatear polising a sillfeiteseben withe fringhe napkon that aed been spred of er brtromstry
	layer_4: dongling foun him thereaminat later polishing a silforteacepon with a fringhed napkon that had been spread over burtrmstry
	layer_6: dong ling found him ther aminat later polishing a silfer tiasboon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over burthrms tra
	layer_8: dong ling found him there a minutelater polishing a silver teespoon with a fringhe napkin that had been spread over berthram's tray
	layer_10: downgling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoond with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertrm's tray
	layer_12: dongling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoond with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray

file: 4323-55228-0014.flac
expected: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_2: in the halt abo vhant hano was cring into wil yimsgraylen induster that hong om he halrack ant han as hankoucif was on the for bac at hel sid
	layer_4: in the hall abovent hann was criying anto will yum sgra lin indduster that houngon the hall rack ant han as hankerchif was on the flore back it hilsied
	layer_6: in the hall above ant henna was crying into williums gray lin and duster that hung on the hall rack ant hannas hankrachif was on the flor back at hilside
	layer_8: in the hall above aunt hanna was crying into willium's graylin and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the flor back at hilside
	layer_10: in the hall above aunt hanna was crying into william's graylin and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hill side
	layer_12: in the hall above aunt hanna was crying into william's graylin and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside

file: 4323-55228-0015.flac
expected: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all
	layer_2: then very gragilly it dondever th an thet ther was aftral something strange on on exlaindetadal
	layer_4: then very gragwally it dondover than that theire was after all something strange an one explainded andall
	layer_6: then very graduially it doned over then that there was after all something strange and un explaindid int all
	layer_8: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_10: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_12: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all

file: 4323-55228-0016.flac
expected: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_2: as if to makxsur that she wse hearlike this he du herivin closer brhon mas sothanktful thi te did have on arm that was usible
	layer_4: as if to make sure that she wous her like this he deu heriven closer brtio was so thankful thate did have one oarm that was usable
	layer_6: as if to make sure that she was here like this he de her even closer burtm was so thankful that i did have one arm that was usible
	layer_8: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer ertam was so thankful that hi did have one arm that was usible
	layer_10: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_12: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable

file: 4323-55228-0017.flac
expected: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_2: whiht o of corse stamered bely i couln n hel thinking that ma be you hat fhouwndout you didn ont mey
	layer_4: why o of course stamored billy i couln't hel thinking that may be you had foundout you didn' ant me
	layer_6: why o of course stamered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_8: why o of course stamoured billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_10: why of of course stammoured billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_12: why of of course stammured billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me

file: 4323-55228-0018.flac
expected: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_2: te mand ad burhom angry an mistufi
	layer_4: te manded brthrem angry an mistefide
	layer_6: demanded burthrim angry an mistirfied
	layer_8: demanded berthram angry and mistified
	layer_10: demanded bertram angry and mistified
	layer_12: demanded bertram angry and mistified

file: 4323-55228-0019.flac
expected: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_2: as fer my n ot pinting agan youdin nunders thand pet dary
	layer_4: as for my not panting again youdid nounderstand peat deary
	layer_6: as form my not painting again you didn understand pet deary
	layer_8: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deary
	layer_10: as for my not painting again you did't understand pete deary
	layer_12: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deary

file: 4323-55228-0020.flac
expected: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm
	layer_2: she puldr selet hafawa from brithoms anseickeling or
	layer_4: she puld er self half away from brithhims and sirkling arm
	layer_6: she puled herself half away from brchims in sircling arm
	layer_8: she puled herself half away from brerchams in circling arm
	layer_10: she puled herself half away from berthram's in circling arm
	layer_12: she puled herself half away from bertrham's in circling arm

file: 4323-55228-0021.flac
expected: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_2: bily dyou a quifering sy
	layer_4: bily dyour a quivering sy
	layer_6: billyd your a quivfering si
	layer_8: billied your aquifering sigh
	layer_10: billied your quivering sigh
	layer_12: billied your aquivering sigh

file: 4323-55228-0022.flac
expected: good heavens is kate in this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_2: gouod haveens is tain this two bertoms woayse was savig now
	layer_4: good heaveens us catan this two burtrems voyce was savige now
	layer_6: good heavens is cat an this too burtham's voice wis savage now
	layer_8: good heavens is katand this too berchram's voice was savage now
	layer_10: good heavens is kate and this too berthram's voice was savage now
	layer_12: good heavens is kate and this too berthram's voice was savage now

file: 4323-55228-0023.flac
expected: well she wrote a letter
	layer_2: we she ront a llatter
	layer_4: wel she rot a latter
	layer_6: well she rot a letter
	layer_8: well she wrote a letter
	layer_10: well she wrote a letter
	layer_12: well she wrote a letter

file: 4323-55228-0024.flac
expected: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_2: bely laft gayely but she shifted hr position an ded notmet hero loversie
	layer_4: billy laftd galy but she shifted hr position and ded not met herloversie
	layer_6: billy laughed galy but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_8: billy laughed gadly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_10: billy laughed galy but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_12: billy laughed galy but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes

file: 4323-55228-0025.flac
expected: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_2: and you nevereded thing fro minet bily thatsyoe cared for him
	layer_4: and you knevere did think fro minit beilly that you cared for him
	layer_6: and you never did think fr a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_8: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_10: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_12: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him

file: 4323-55228-0026.flac
expected: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_2: he ad notmen slot a marets wifh lowring o for ileds
	layer_4: he had not ben slod amarkthats with lowering i her ileds
	layer_6: he had not been sloweto mark that swith lowering of her ileds
	layer_8: he had not been slow to mark that swith lowering of her iyelads
	layer_10: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_12: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids

file: 4323-55228-0027.flac
expected: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwright's
	layer_2: bely was soglad burtro atrin the cuustionon herlof anstat of arcrightse
	layer_4: belly was so glad burtrm atring thequestion on hearlof instat of arkrightes
	layer_6: belly was so glad burthramaturing the question on herlof and stead of ourkrights
	layer_8: billy was so glad berthram had turnedthe question on herlove instead of orkrightes
	layer_10: billy was so glad bertram had turnedthe question on her love instead of arkrites
	layer_12: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkrites

file: 4323-55228-0028.flac
expected: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily
	layer_2: aftrmen it bely stured insihe hafly
	layer_4: aftermanit bily stird and side hafully
	layer_6: after a minute billy stired and side halfily
	layer_8: after a minute billy stirred and sihe halfily
	layer_10: after a minute billy stied and sighed halfuly
	layer_12: after a minute billy stired and sighed halfily

file: 4323-55228-0029.flac
expected: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_2: y se i wasn ind move with mist r ar cright
	layer_4: you se i wasn an move with mister ar cright
	layer_6: you see i wasn an love with mister oare crit
	layer_8: you see i wasn't in love with mister arcrit
	layer_10: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkcrit
	layer_12: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkcrit

file: 4323-55228-0030.flac
expected: and and you didn't care specially for for miss winthrop
	layer_2: anand youdin' car spassiuale for fr mas wenthu
	layer_4: an and you dint car spesial ly for form mis wintha
	layer_6: and and you din't carspecialy for form mhiss winthrp
	layer_8: and and you didn't care specially for fom miss winthrp
	layer_10: and and you didn't carespecially for for miss wintrp
	layer_12: and and you didn't careespecially for for miss wintrop

file: 4323-55228-0031.flac
expected: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_2: dille poult a sauf finger on his wlips
	layer_4: bily put a soft fingher own his lips
	layer_6: billy put a sot finger on his lips
	layer_8: billy put a soft fingr on his lips
	layer_10: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_12: billy put a soft finger on his lips

file: 4323-55228-0032.flac
expected: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented
	layer_2: borther cs the fingur ns obsited fm he cotmenid
	layer_4: vertr istd the fhing er ins obsited f he cotminit
	layer_6: birturb kissed the finger and sobsided  he comtmined
	layer_8: vertharb kissed the finger and subsided  he commened
	layer_10: berthab kissed the finger and subsided  he commented
	layer_12: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided  he conmented

file: 4323-55228-0033.flac
expected: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_2: whel wat is tha is that kat to the mand ad brtrom grimly
	layer_4: whil what is thad is that cate to the manded burtrem grimly
	layer_6: well what is that is that kate to tdemanded burtrom grimly
	layer_8: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_10: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_12: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly

file: 4323-55228-0034.flac
expected: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_2: there was anotty silencs thand seueily brchrimsterd
	layer_4: there was a nother silence then suenly brchrim stird
	layer_6: there was another silence then suddenly burthrim stired
	layer_8: there was another silence then suddenly berchrim stired
	layer_10: there was another silence then suddenly berchram stired
	layer_12: there was another silence then suddenly bercram stired

file: 4323-55228-0035.flac
expected: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_2: bely ugoin mery you to marow he inouncs desicfely
	layer_4: billy i'm goin amary you to marow he anunce de sicively
	layer_6: billy i'm going ta mary you to morrow he announced dicicively
	layer_8: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_10: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_12: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively

file: 4323-55228-0036.flac
expected: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_2: i dot now was i con trustyou ut o my siht til tin yoolred som thing ore hear some thing or gon a lettefrom cat ufter brecfis to marmorni that wle sec you saving eagan an i dont wat to be saed thaway
	layer_4: i don't know as i contrest you hat  my sight till then yo' read something or her something or gen aletter from cate after brecfis to mar morning that wil sech you saving me agan and i don't want to be saed thatway
	layer_6: i don't know as i contrese you oto my sight till then you'll read something or here something ore get a letter from cate after breakfast to marw morning that will set you' saving me again and i don't want to be saved thatway
	layer_8: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then yu'll read something or her something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to moow morning that wll set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_10: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or here something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that w'll set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_12: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or here something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that w'll set youv saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way

file: 4323-55228-0037.flac
expected: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_2: im goin ha mear you to mar ow algithe stot sorat withe sude frown cun von that li for got
	layer_4: i'm goin t o mar you to marow ilgithe sto sourit with ae sudde' frown con found that ly for got
	layer_6: i'm going to marry you to marrow il get he stoped shor it with a suddent frown con found that ly forgot
	layer_8: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'l get he stoped short with a sudden frown confound that l y forgot
	layer_10: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that lw  forgot
	layer_12: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot

file: 4323-55228-0038.flac
expected: five days indeed sir
	layer_2: fivedaeindia sr
	layer_4: five daseinded sr
	layer_6: five days indeed sir
	layer_8: five days indeed sir
	layer_10: five days indeed sir
	layer_12: five days indeed sir

file: 4323-55228-0039.flac
expected: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_2: i whondert yeu thin cicongat rety to y marid omfyve das
	layer_4: i wonder youh think i kin get ready to be maried am five dayse
	layer_6: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married im five days
	layer_8: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_10: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_12: i wonder if you' think i can get ready to be married in five days

file: 4323-55228-0040.flac
expected: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_2: do't on shou te giv reaty retoartid bur hrompromly i somemar av raty an i had all i on et of it
	layer_4: don't an shu do giteready retoarted brtrem promptly i som areyateready and i had all i waned of it
	layer_6: don't want syou to get ready retorted burtrin promply i som arei at ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_8: don't want you to get ready retorted bertran pramptly i saw mariiet ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_10: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw mariiget ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_12: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw mariiget ready and i had all i wanted of it

file: 4323-55228-0041.flac
expected: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_2: if you realy mus havelthoas mils of tavbl closand nackinsan dolys and lace rutlings wil do t aftrwords not befor but
	layer_4: if you realy must haveal thoes miles of tavble closs and natpkins and doiles and lace rutlings will do t afterwards not beforebut
	layer_6: if you really must have al those miles of table closs an natkins and doyles and lace ruflings will do it afterwards not beforebut
	layer_8: if you really must have all those miles of tableclos and napkins and doyles and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not beforebut
	layer_10: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doyles and lace rufflings wi'll do it afterwards not beforebut
	layer_12: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doiles and lace rufflings wi'll do it afterwards not beforebut

file: 4323-55228-0042.flac
expected: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_2: beside i negyou de tate carov me caud imberthom craftly
	layer_4: besides i neg youdo tae care of me coud nberthreim craftely
	layer_6: besides i nedg you to take care of me cut inberthim craftily
	layer_8: besides i need you to take care of me cut n berchram craftily
	layer_10: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_12: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily

file: 4323-55228-0043.flac
expected: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_2: the tender glo one belly s fase tl te son story and brchromseguris eren notslot of reatit
	layer_4: the tender glow on billy s face tol bit son story and brthremseager is wre not slot of ret it
	layer_6: the tender glow on billie's face told its own story and burchrims eager iyes were not slowde o read it
	layer_8: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and berthrm's eagr eyes were not slow to reat it
	layer_10: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_12: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it

file: 4323-55228-0044.flac
expected: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_2: swed hart se hear deare he cride solfly tightenting his gad beftarm
	layer_4: swed hart see hear der he cried sofly tightening his god left arm
	layer_6: sweedart see here dear he cried sofly tightning his good left arm
	layer_8: sweetd heart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_10: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_12: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm

file: 4323-55228-0045.flac
expected: billy my dear
	layer_2: bely mi ter
	layer_4: bela mig deer
	layer_6: billy my deer
	layer_8: billy my dear
	layer_10: billy my dear
	layer_12: billy my dear

file: 4323-55228-0046.flac
expected: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_2: it was ant han as plaintod foi e ot the doray alita later
	layer_4: it was ant han as plaint odvoice ith the dorwy al littae later
	layer_6: it was ant hannas plainted voice at the dorway a little later
	layer_8: it was aunthannas plainted voice at the dorway a little later
	layer_10: it was aunt hanna's plaintivd voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_12: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later

file: 4323-55228-0047.flac
expected: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_2: wemust go homan will yo mas hear to an ons te seou
	layer_4: we must go homant will yuv mis here to and wonce to se you
	layer_6: we must go home ant will you as her two and wance to see you
	layer_8: we must go home and will you is here two and wants to see you
	layer_10: we must go home and willyam is here two and wants to see you
	layer_12: we must go home and willyam is here two and wants to see you

file: 4323-55228-0048.flac
expected: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_2: you man id of be bhe for aestoe
	layer_4: you in it ll be before ok tover
	layer_6: you mean ittl be before oxt over
	layer_8: you mean it'll be before oxtober
	layer_10: you mean it'll be before oxtober
	layer_12: you mean it'll be before oxtober

file: 4323-55228-0049.flac
expected: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_2: ant han aglanse from oneto the other un sertnly
	layer_4: ant han aglaned from one to the other oun sertanly
	layer_6: an han aglanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_8: aunt hana glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_10: aunt hana glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_12: aunt hana glanced from one to the other uncertainly

file: 4323-55228-0050.flac
expected: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_2: yes nouded billy o mrly
	layer_4: yes nonted billy omarly
	layer_6: yes nonted billy to merely
	layer_8: yes noned billy de merely
	layer_10: yes nodded billy demerely
	layer_12: yes nodded billy demerely

file: 4323-55228-0051.flac
expected: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram airily
	layer_2: easino teatis a goutd wil cad in burtrur marly
	layer_4: yes sig no that is a good wile cut in bertrmarly
	layer_6: yes s i know that is a good while cut inburtrimarily
	layer_8: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertramerily
	layer_10: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertramrily
	layer_12: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertrammerily

file: 4323-55228-0052.flac
expected: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_2: we wone et it t maro bat we had owat an a cau of thene licons fear
	layer_4: we wonded it tomaroa but we had dawat un acout of the new licencear
	layer_6: we wantded it to morow but we had to waiton account of the new liceen'ela
	layer_8: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on accout of the new licancelaw
	layer_10: we wanted it to morrow but we had to waiton accout of the new licence law
	layer_12: we wanted it to morrow but we had to waiton accout of the new licence law

file: 1630-102884-0000.flac
expected: in my recent travels in the west i have felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_2: an mi resan traves in the vest i feld thatd od thr fredim as an iter has becom feber and inifectl
	layer_4: an myh res an travls an the vest i feld that out theyr freedhim as an ideare has becom feber and inifactul
	layer_6: in my reason travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as a n idear has becomfeeblre and inifactual
	layer_8: in my recen travels in the west i felt that out their freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_10: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out their freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_12: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out their freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual

file: 1630-102884-0001.flac
expected: the same thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_2: theamething a haveing now wt th epeppl of the est
	layer_4: the fame thing oth havning now wit the peeppl of the west
	layer_6: the fam thing is havening now with the peple of the west
	layer_8: the fame thing is hapening now with the people of the west
	layer_10: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_12: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the west

file: 1630-102884-0002.flac
expected: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_2: the af latert into beleaving that they afre and they haf the salverin p in the hans
	layer_4: the hafflaterd into bleving that the afre and they have the soverin pa ind the hance
	layer_6: they hae flattered into beliving that the aefree and they have the soverin par in the hams
	layer_8: theyharve flattered into believing that they are free and they have the soverin piwe in their hans
	layer_10: they harve flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign pae in thei hans
	layer_12: they harve flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign pawe in thei hans

file: 1630-102884-0003.flac
expected: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the west
	layer_2: has it heas becom mor an mo evedin to me that thidi of fredim has gron tenus ind thadt ms frf te vhest
	layer_4: hes it heas become more and molre eveden to me that the eidel of fredhim has gron tenuous in the atd mesfier of the vest
	layer_6: thus it has become more and more eviten to me that the ideal of freedhim has grown tenous in the admisfieare of the vest
	layer_8: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the admosphier of the vest
	layer_10: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_12: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest

file: 1630-102884-0004.flac
expected: the mentality is that of a slave owning community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commercial and political treadmill
	layer_2: the mintality af that offaslave oning con munity wut o mnoutlated mut trede of men ti to ad  cmltl andplytogl tread mer
	layer_4: the mintality afs that offrslave onin community wut a mew tlated multteurd of men tid t ad scommotil and pilatigl treadme
	layer_6: the mintality ofs that offis lave ownincommunity wuth he mutlated multiteard of men tide to itscommotial and pilitigal treadmel
	layer_8: the mentality ofs that offiselave owning community with e mutilated multitud of men tied to its commotioal and political treadml
	layer_10: the mentality of that off i s lave owning community with the mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotioal and political treadmil
	layer_12: the mentality of that off is lave owning community with the mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotioal and political treadmil

file: 1630-102884-0005.flac
expected: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_2: he whol casdto havs lase mus chaine hnself to thim he whl belts ors to creadxfleution for abhers  bitltsworrlsecrus e son readon he whould dis truts pred iminuthrs luse as marledrih toit
	layer_4: he who cas to haouves lavse mus chaine himselfe to them he who bilts wals to cread xplution for others bilts valsecross son fredhen he hold dis trus preedhem inothers luses es marid right to it
	layer_6: he who cars to house laves must chain himself to them he who bilt's wals to creeate exclution for others bil's wals ecross hasown freden he who distrus preedtem inothers lounsesas marrld right to it
	layer_8: he who cares to hoau s laves must chain himself to them he who builts wals to create exclution for others billts wals across his own freedom he who distrust freedom in others lusis es marled right to it
	layer_10: he who cares to have sslaves must chaing himself to them he who builts walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others louses his marled right to it
	layer_12: he who cares to have slaves must chaing himself to them he who builts walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others louses his marled right to it

file: 1630-102884-0006.flac
expected: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_2: hamed theyquied a tro lauve o fretim
	layer_4: hamve they quied a truwloge o frethem
	layer_6: have they equiet a tru louge of fretom
	layer_8: have they acquired oa true love of freedom
	layer_10: have they acquired o true love of freedom
	layer_12: have they acquired o true love of freedom

file: 1630-102884-0007.flac
expected: the great epic of the soul of our people the mahabharata gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_2: the great a bek oftosele offerpeplel the mahor pirdther gif sers abounte fe vatio of an e wileling life foul of tefreden of inquirry andexpaemind
	layer_4: the great a pik of tesel offer peple the ma her pidter gif ses abont fllvition of an oveftlowing life forll of the fredem of inquiry an exparimand
	layer_6: the great epic of the sal of her people the marher pareter givses abuntiful vision of an overfet lowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and expariment
	layer_8: the great epic of the sal of her people the mahar partor givesus aboundtiful vision of an overlowing life full of the freedom of inquiery and experiment
	layer_10: the great epic of the sal of her people the maaparte gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiery and experiment
	layer_12: the great epic of the sal of her people the mhaparto gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiery and experiment

file: 1630-102884-0008.flac
expected: when the age of the buddha came humanity was stirred in our country to its uttermost depth
	layer_2: and the ade of the bdr kam sheimanite was trd in or con tretot atialste
	layer_4: than the ade of the boder kame he manity was tord in ow contreto its ateml ste
	layer_6: then the age of the bouder came he manity was toard in our contry to its auttermilstep
	layer_8: when the age of the bouder came humanity was tred in our country to its atermal s teth
	layer_10: when the age of the boder came humanity was ted in our country to its atemoals depth
	layer_12: when the age of the bouder came humanity was taed in our country to its attermols depth

file: 1630-102884-0009.flac
expected: it hardened into an age of inert construction
	layer_2: ichardend intoenas of inod construction
	layer_4: itc hodend into an ade of inod construction
	layer_6: it hardend into an adge of inode construction
	layer_8: it hardened into an adge of innowred construction
	layer_10: it hardened into an adge of innod construction
	layer_12: it hardened into an age of innoed construction

file: 1630-102884-0010.flac
expected: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_2: thert or ganyun ity offrf tharried an ilas tex rsity gae la  to o convennal aldor bi  prd at art fisul cariter bitd e nex thtrobe l of exclution
	layer_4: there oal ganygunity of for theriet and ilasicesighty gave wha to conventenall ader whit' pruald at urtficil cariter byt e nex thrabe lo of exclution
	layer_6: ther ol gani gunity of a veariendt and ilastic sacity gave way to a conventional oder whith prued at aurteificial carator byit enexthruble law of exclution
	layer_8: the organigunity of a varient and ielastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which proe it artificial character by t enextruble law of exclotion
	layer_10: the organic unity of a vearianet and ilastic society gave way to a conventional odor which proed its artificial character by it iexrable law of exclusion
	layer_12: the organtic unity of a verienet and ilastic society gave way to a conventional odor which proved its artificial character by it inexrable law of exclusion

file: 1630-102884-0011.flac
expected: life has its inequalities i admit but they are natural and are in harmony with our vital functions
	layer_2: live ha that innyqorlitece  hid mit but ber nactr anddr an hone etdol vitl funtioncs
	layer_4: live ha thet f inly quarlitiese i had mit but bear nathl andar and homny withouvigtl fungtions
	layer_6: life ha it f anyqualities i hadmete but bere natfuul andare and hamny with hou vitl functions
	layer_8: life hath it f anequalities i admet but ber natuful and are and harmny with hour vital functions
	layer_10: life hath it fr anequalities i admit but bear natural and ar anharmony with our vital functions
	layer_12: life hath it f anequalities i admit but bar natural and ar andharmony with our vital functions

file: 1630-102884-0012.flac
expected: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_2: mi s cqueesingiumen bing s inf the grat  offan inielas tex sustiom and folsei bly hellding them fat me har e nod the lols ofplive in groe
	layer_4: bysqueeasing uman bings an the greap of en ine lasteccistiom and fulsily helding themfext meheav inod the lals of live and groat
	layer_6: by squeazing human beings in the greap of an ine lashic sistium and forcibly healding them fexd me have inored the laws of live an grot
	layer_8: by squeezing human beings in the grap of an inilastic systum and farcibly hualding them fexed we have icnored the laws of live and grouth
	layer_10: by squezing human beings in the grpe of an in elastic system and forcibly hurlding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_12: by squeezing human beings in the grape of an in elastic system and forcibly hulding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and groawth

file: 1630-102884-0013.flac
expected: we have forced living souls into a permanent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_2: bhe have forset living solsen torpomnan pat ivity matn them inkaepiber af moting slconsthencs to teardln intronsicktdesie and of mas tring theadon detine
	layer_4: be have forst living sowlse in to apomen and pas sivity matin them inkapaver of mording slconstence to thearrle intrensictdesine and of mastring thearown destine
	layer_6: we have forst living souls into a pomen an passsivity making them incapavbelr of moding silrcomstence to thei rown interancic designe and of mastring their own destiny
	layer_8: we have forced living soles into a pomenand pascivity making them incapable of moding circumstance to their own intrensic design and of mastering their own destny
	layer_10: we have forced living sels into a pomnant pascivity making them incapable of molding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_12: we have forced living sels into a pomenent pasivity making them incapable of moding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny

file: 1630-102884-0014.flac
expected: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this persistent misfortune dogging our steps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_2: ast upyfation has becomso atsilot that be donot iv realie thad thes berstan mits fotonm darging us tepsfpo atues canot be of mil axidend of histry re mo obe oleybiy i noder aciden tromot site
	layer_4: as u p efaction has becomso asilout that we donot imen relice that thes pesisten mis forton dorging as cepsful agus canno be of mr axidend of histre remo obe oly by a nother axiden from ot side
	layer_6: ast you pefactione has become so afselute that we do not even realice that this poseistint misfortune dorging aus chepsfur agours cannot be of mre axident of histry remoabl only by another axciden from out sid
	layer_8: astupe factione has become so absolute that we do not even realized that this posistint misfortune doging us chps for ages cannot be af meure accident of history remoable only by another acident from outside
	layer_10: our stupifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistint misfortune doging us thabs for ages cannot be a meure accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_12: ar stupifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistint misfortune dogging us thebs for ages cannot be a meure accident of history removable only by another accident from outside

file: 1630-102884-0015.flac
expected: they will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting in freedom's cause
	layer_2: theiell be inkappbraf holiting rchust freadeom inparltek and afigting an red inscos
	layer_4: thevel be incapaber of hoiding ar jhust fredem in parllitixs and a fiting and freed amscaus
	layer_6: bherevill be incapaber of holding a just fredom in parlitics and a figting and freedom's cause
	layer_8: there will be incapable of holding o just freedom in parlitics and of fighting and freedoms caurlse
	layer_10: there will be incapable of holding or just freedom in parlitics and of fighting and freedom's cause
	layer_12: there will be incapable of holding or just freedom in palitics and of fighting and freedom's cause

file: 1630-102884-0016.flac
expected: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_2: hichret presens thar acto as pectifinother hich haster apudransoffreadim but nort at s trud mand theful gif srice to slavry thot within its bontrse inod sid
	layer_4: itrep resens ther acto as pect of northure bwhich haster apurren s of fredem but nort ed s trutd an there ful gifes frice to slavery thouth wetten ats pontrease an owt sid
	layer_6: e trepresence thee acti aspect of norture which haster appudance of freedom but not its truth and theirefur gives rice to slavery thouth within atspountrese an outside
	layer_8: et represens the active aspect of inurtur which has the appurrance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery thouth within ets bountries an outside
	layer_10: it represents the active aspect of inurta which has the appurrance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery tbhougth within its boundries and outside
	layer_12: it represents the active aspect of inurta which has the appurance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery thougth within its boundaries and outside

file: 1630-73710-0000.flac
expected: it is at the foot of woman that we lay the laurels that without her smile would never have been gained it is her image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides our brain in the august toils of stately councils
	layer_2: ites at thefooet offomen that be lad the lowstact ithout has mile woutd naver habenggand it isfor imich tat trings telir of thepot that an med sa woise in the bla s of alli pon facction andgie sodrain in the al gs tail so tatlycounsrcs
	layer_4: it is at the fort of woman that belad the lawrustat bithout hers mil would nevr ha ben gand it iser imigh that strings teliere of the pot that anmades of waise in the blase of erli penfaction and gigd sov dran in the al gis taoiles ofs tatly counsers
	layer_6: it is at the foot of woman that be lad the larrus that bwithout hosmile would never had been gaind it is o image that strins delire of the pot that anmades af woice in the blae of alequenfaction and gids drain in the aoger's toils of  tately counsers
	layer_8: it is at the foot of woman that belay the lawrs that without her smile would never have been gained it is a image that strins dhe lir of the poit that animates of voice in the blaze of allequint faction and guidesof drain in the auger'st toils of tately councerls
	layer_10: it is at the foot of woman that we laid the laus that without her smile would never have been gained it is ar image that strings the lire of the poiet that animates of voice in the blaze of aloquent faction and guides or brain in the augus toils of stately councels
	layer_12: it is at the foot of woman that we laid the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is or image that strings the lir of the poit that annimates or voice in the blaze of aloquent faction and guides o brain in the augus toils of stately councels

file: 1630-73710-0001.flac
expected: is there no hope for them so full of hope
	layer_2: isday ne hl fou them so fwollo help
	layer_4: is tay now help for temsoefoul lof help
	layer_6: as tay no help for them so full of help
	layer_8: is tey no helpe for them so full of help
	layer_10: is ther no help for them so full of help
	layer_12: is there no help for them so full of help

file: 1630-73710-0002.flac
expected: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vicissitudes to the imagination
	layer_2: imeake the hardke but dopicho fut ssisits to that in matination
	layer_4: it mekes the hardeak but topicchu etwesisitiet to thay imagination
	layer_6: it makes the heartage but to picture sat icisitald to ther imagination
	layer_8: it makes the hart akhe but to picture such vasisitlds to their imagination
	layer_10: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vaciitils to thei imagination
	layer_12: it makes the heart ace but to picture such vacisitils to thei imagination

file: 1630-73710-0003.flac
expected: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death obscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and tainting the healthy atmosphere of our happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_2: the noll sthet uch chaintes cin a cor flie ol wi the mind le thefourd of de t scouring orlo ge fanfiee bit a s ba li in andtanding the hallly a nihfr offr hanes bit t at s venimas exprationce
	layer_4: the nolige that cuch chancoscan a col flicts olvrth the mignd leke the fhougt of det he 'scaring alow ga fanfiece bit it s bat like wing and tanding the helty adnefiear of her hapness bit it s venimoss expirationce
	layer_6: the nowlege that such changees can a cur flics over the mind like the thought of deadt it'scarring allur ga fanfice with its bat like wing and cainging the helty adnefiar of her hapness with its vanimous expurations
	layer_8: the knowledge that such changes can occur flics over the mind like the thought of deat et scauring all our gaye fanphies with its bad like wing and changing the heldy amopher of her happness with its venimous expurations
	layer_10: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death e scowring all our gay fanchies with its bad like wing and changing the healhy amphere of her happness with its venimous exporations
	layer_12: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death te scowring all our gay fanchies with its bad like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her happness with its vanimous exporations

file: 1630-73710-0004.flac
expected: mine own
	layer_2: ming oe
	layer_4: myine oe
	layer_6: min owns
	layer_8: min ons
	layer_10: mine owns
	layer_12: mine ons

file: 1630-73710-0005.flac
expected: what did what could you do
	layer_2: mrtdad k cote do
	layer_4: mot det oatd cot yo dom
	layer_6: oe ded at couldt you dom
	layer_8: more dead what could you do
	layer_10: more dead what could you do
	layer_12: more dead what could you do

file: 1630-73710-0006.flac
expected: i beat about my chamber like a silly bird in a cage
	layer_2: ad bita bort my chme bor leca filyd boar in tecae
	layer_4: i bit a out my chame bur lek a fily bord in ecace
	layer_6: i bet about my chamber like a filly bord in the cace
	layer_8: i bet about my chamber like a fhiliy bord in the cage
	layer_10: i bit about my chamber like a pili bord in the cage
	layer_12: i bit about my chamber like a pili bord in the cage

file: 1630-73710-0007.flac
expected: do not think of moving to day
	layer_2: do lnot thin k of moving to da
	layer_4: do not think of moving to day
	layer_6: do not think of morving to day
	layer_8: do not think of moving to day
	layer_10: do not think of moving to day
	layer_12: do not think of moving to day

file: 1630-73710-0008.flac
expected: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_2: to nokhee the meingr in intstot
	layer_4: to nokeep the messengalr in instent
	layer_6: to not keep the massengere an instant
	layer_8: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_10: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_12: do not keep the messenger an instant

file: 1630-73710-0009.flac
expected: he is on my pony
	layer_2: heou son ma peoe
	layer_4: he' sont my po e
	layer_6: sheou sont my poe
	layer_8: sheouthount my pony
	layer_10: thant my pomny
	layer_12: ctant my pomny

file: 1630-73710-0010.flac
expected: write only one word to your own henrietta
	layer_2: riht eonl nlev one ward tof yordem hen re tar
	layer_4: right on'klyve one word to yur rem hen reite
	layer_6: right only one word to your rem hengretel
	layer_8: right only one word to your ram engreata
	layer_10: write only one word to yur rem henrieata
	layer_12: write only one word to yur rem henrata

file: 1630-73710-0011.flac
expected: ferdinand to henrietta
	layer_2: fordent do han retr
	layer_4: fordnant to hen reter
	layer_6: fordnant to hen rater
	layer_8: furdnant to hen reter
	layer_10: fordnant to henrieta
	layer_12: fudnent to henrieta

file: 1630-73710-0012.flac
expected: god bless you my henrietta my beloved my matchless henrietta
	layer_2: gort bles hyou my hanreter i belovrd yn maslish hin greater
	layer_4: got less eu my hengreater i beloverd y masless handgreater
	layer_6: got less you my henrater my belovered my maceless hendriater
	layer_8: god less you my henreator my belovered my macless henriator
	layer_10: god bless you my henrieator my belovered my machless henriator
	layer_12: god bless you my henrieator my beloveed my machless henriator

file: 1630-73710-0013.flac
expected: what has that separation not cost me
	layer_2: word his the fe pratio no cosme
	layer_4: wat his tat etpration not consme
	layer_6: watistdat fetperation not consme
	layer_8: what has thad feperation not cost me
	layer_10: what has thatfeberation not cost me
	layer_12: what has thetfeberation not cost me

file: 1630-73710-0014.flac
expected: pangs that i could not conceive any human misery could occasion
	layer_2: pand tat a ould nont conteve anyuen riths rly coacation
	layer_4: pang tat i could not contheive an  humen rithreacod acation
	layer_6: pangs that i could not coneieve ana human wih ree codiccasion
	layer_8: pangs that i could not concleive an human withree cod occasion
	layer_10: pags that i could not conceive any human with ree god occasion
	layer_12: pags that i could not conceive any human with re god occasion

file: 1630-73710-0015.flac
expected: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_2: and yet i wolld to be grat flor that he was unin jrd lasnit
	layer_4: and yet i ald to be greatfr that he wias unin jourd last night
	layer_6: and yet i ought to be greatfulr that he was uningoured last night
	layer_8: and yet i ought to be gratful that he was unenured last night
	layer_10: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unendured last night
	layer_12: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unendured last night

file: 1630-73710-0016.flac
expected: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_2: i dhi not now on houfola sha was
	layer_4: i te not now on howu fo la sh  was
	layer_6: i dare not now on how foolish a was
	layer_8: i dare not now owne how foolish i was
	layer_10: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_12: i dare not now own how foolish i was

file: 1630-73710-0017.flac
expected: do not be angry with your henrietta but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_2: di noat be an gre vte o hen ri ater but am nel te saboet coneling ol in gatemen trompubar
	layer_4: di not by angrevit yo hendreater but ime novears abod coneeling o ingatemen trompaper
	layer_6: di not be angre with your henriator but i'm nois about conceeling our ingagement from papar
	layer_8: do not be angry with your henriator but iam nervous about conceealing our engagement from papa
	layer_10: do not be angry with your henriator but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_12: do not be angry with your henriator but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa

file: 1630-73710-0018.flac
expected: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know ferdinand i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_2: dase munstelaves bef ou canriete peuh and dha no fordnent i no yulr afesus mord difficlt then yul confes
	layer_4: dase mus te lapes befor ou cangret pouh and they no fordenent i nol your arffe sus mord tifficlt thean ul con fess
	layer_6: days must t i lapes befor you can great bouth and ei no fordinant i know your affices more tificlt than youwil confess
	layer_8: days mus elavse before you can great bouth and i know fordnat i know your officis more difficult than you will confess
	layer_10: days must elapsed before you can read both and i know fordnint i know your offic is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_12: days must elapce before you can read both and i know fordnant i know your office is more difficult than you will confess

file: 1630-73710-0019.flac
expected: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_2: but com bak m on a lon is hu kan and rike to me and the pel shoffes as hi setllt
	layer_4: but comeback my own as soun is he can and righke to me at the pells hafise as his settled
	layer_6: but come back my yown as son as heu can and wrigkt to me at the pes chaffis as yheur settled
	layer_8: but come back my own as son as hye can and wriht to me at the perschrffice as yeu settled
	layer_10: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the postc office as he settled
	layer_12: but come back my own as soon as he can and write to me at the post aoffice as he' settled

file: 1630-73710-0020.flac
expected: the consciousness that you are so near makes me restless
	layer_2: the conshusnofh thacur so nad mexpen reslese
	layer_4: the conshusneot ta our so near mexs ben restles
	layer_6: the conciousneth tat your ho nea maks men restless
	layer_8: the consciousness that your onea makes me restless
	layer_10: the consciousness that yorso near makes me restless
	layer_12: the consciousness that yourso near makes me restless

file: 1630-73710-0021.flac
expected: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_2: i vis to met him bit d as mach comnoca e can comond
	layer_4: i vish to met him but t as much comnes as hecancomond
	layer_6: i wish to meet him but as much comness asi can command
	layer_8: i wish to meet him bit as much calmness as i can command
	layer_10: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_12: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command

file: 1630-141772-0000.flac
expected: on the pratzen heights where he had fallen with the flagstaff in his hand lay prince andrew bolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_2: on the prads ihites ver he had fourlin whit the flaxsufing his hand lafruon antrblgonsky bleading frofustly and and conch ustly utring a end piturs anti lakemom
	layer_4: on the frad sen higtes vere he had folin with the flaktalvfing his hand lypreinc an trublgonsky blading frofusly and and conchustly utring a endle pitus and thi lake mom
	layer_6: on the pradsen heights where he had folen with the flacktalfin his hand la prince antruble consky bleading fro fusely and unconsiously uttering a gentle pitious and chil like mom
	layer_8: on the frasaen higts where he had fallen with the flak shafin his hand laperince andrubl onsky bleading fror fusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle pitious and chillike mom
	layer_10: on the franzant hites where he had fallen with the flag shaf in his hand laprince anddrublgonsky bleading profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle pitious and chillike mon
	layer_12: on the pranzint hits where he had fallen with the flag shalf in his hand laprince anddrubulgonsky bleading profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle pitious and chillike mom

file: 1630-141772-0001.flac
expected: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_2: saut ne he a gin ferll that uas alie and suffring rom a borning lasrating gn in his head
	layer_4: sar nly he agan fele that hwas alive and soufhtring from a boning lassreating gain in his head
	layer_6: sorrienly he again fell that he was alive and suftering from a boning lat reating bain in his head
	layer_8: surengly he again fel that he was alive and suftering from a boning last reating ban in his head
	layer_10: surdenly he again fell that he was alive and suffering from a borning last rating pain in his head
	layer_12: cudenly he again fellt that he was alive and suffering from a borning lasrating pain in his head

file: 1630-141772-0002.flac
expected: was his first thought
	layer_2: wat hi frst thot
	layer_4: wath is first thougt
	layer_6: was his first thought
	layer_8: was his first thought
	layer_10: was his first thought
	layer_12: was his first thought

file: 1630-141772-0003.flac
expected: he feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_2: he fhebly mod hith lek and aterd ovek sikdlne gron witch er ouset his thon pitiy
	layer_4: he fbly mod his lagg and aterd oveak sictly grown whith eroused his ogn pity
	layer_6: he fably mod his leg and autered a veak sickly gron which earoused his shown pity
	layer_8: he fably moed his leg and uttered a waku sickly grown which arroused his own pity
	layer_10: he fably moved his leg and uttered a weaku sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_12: he fably moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly grown which aroused his own pity

file: 1630-141772-0004.flac
expected: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_2: life the young menup and cardy him to tha dretin station
	layer_4: lif thes young meannup and cary him to the dressingstation
	layer_6: lif this young men up and cary him to the dressing station
	layer_8: lift this young mean up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_10: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_12: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0005.flac
expected: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted onto the stretcher the jolting while being moved and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_2: trenthandrrlymembord nuthing molr he last concsith nst rom the tert ib ban of beingdlifted oun to hish treter the jolding ril ben mod and the plrobing of his von ad the dreatintation
	layer_4: printan drury membeurd nothing mor he loust consius nestrom the terdable ban of beinglifted oun to ths tretere the doding il being mod and the plrowbing of his won atd the dreasingstation
	layer_6: prin and ruwrememberd nothing more he lased counsciousners from the terible bain of being lifted owun to the s treachure the jolting while being mod and the probing of his won at the dreassing station
	layer_8: prine andruw remembered nothing more he losed consciousness from the terrible pan of being liftered oun to the stretchure the jolting while being mood and the probing of his woound at the dressing station
	layer_10: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted oun to the stretcher the jolting while being mood and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_12: prince andrew remembered nothing more he loset consciousness from the terrible pan of being lifted ount to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0006.flac
expected: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_2: yoting dhis transe fr he feld alit es tronger and wos abe to loook about him an evenspek
	layer_4: youring thes transfor he feled a litels tronge and was abl to loook about him and evenspek
	layer_6: yuring this transfor he felled a littles tronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_8: during thes transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_10: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_12: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak

file: 1630-141772-0007.flac
expected: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_2: he aset oneing the fris neus
	layer_4: he ast oncing the prisnes
	layer_6: he ased on seeing the prisners
	layer_8: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_10: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_12: he asked on seeing the prisoners

file: 1630-141772-0008.flac
expected: i commanded a squadron replied repnin
	layer_2: i co marndet is courdon te pli t reanin
	layer_4: i comander es courden replid repnen
	layer_6: i commanderd has cordon replied repnin
	layer_8: i commanded his cordron replied repnan
	layer_10: i commanded his cordun replied repnin
	layer_12: i commanded his cordun replied repnin

file: 1630-141772-0009.flac
expected: prince repnin named lieutenant sukhtelen
	layer_2: prencrenen naned leftenin sotelon
	layer_4: prencerenen namned leften en soktellin
	layer_6: prince repnon named lef tenin sutellin
	layer_8: prince repnan named lef tenin sotelen
	layer_10: prince repnon named laftenan sotelen
	layer_12: prince repnon named laftenan sotelin

file: 1630-141772-0010.flac
expected: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_2: aftilloooking at himnipolinsmind
	layer_4: afte looking at him nipol in smild
	layer_6: after looking a him nipolin smild
	layer_8: after looking a him nipolion smiled
	layer_10: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_12: after looking at him napoleon smiled

file: 1630-141772-0011.flac
expected: youth is no hindrance to courage muttered sukhtelen in a failing voice
	layer_2: youdthas no hintrens tocatice miterd thotelin in ifaling wice
	layer_4: youwdthas now hentrens to carite myteurd otellen in ifaling wice
	layer_6: yu tes no hinrence to carage mateurd sotellen in i failing wice
	layer_8: you de's no hintrance to carage materd otelin in a failing vice
	layer_10: you des no hindrance to coarage mutterd soteln in a failing voice
	layer_12: you dhe's no hindrance to courage muterd sotellin in a failing voice

file: 1630-141772-0012.flac
expected: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_2: as plandit rihli sait typolin
	layer_4: asplendid refli said nepolin
	layer_6: a splandid reply saidnepolin
	layer_8: a splendid reply saed nipolin
	layer_10: a splendid reply said napolen
	layer_12: a splendid reply said napolen

file: 1630-141772-0013.flac
expected: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_2: pren thandr whetd orle thl ben brolt forvrt befor te amputrsice to compleae the shol offris nus goud not flto itractos itantion
	layer_4: prn sandru whead ory ttu ben brought forvert before the emperers ice to complad the sho of risnes coud not fail to attractes ittention
	layer_6: pren sandro whad alshorben brought forward before the emperou'se eyse to compleed the show of priners could not fail to atractis atention
	layer_8: prencandro whad also been brought forward before the emperor's eyse to complete the show of risoners could not fail to attracthis attention
	layer_10: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_12: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention

file: 1630-141772-0014.flac
expected: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_2: his fave shon wat heil fartafaction an blasor
	layer_4: hes fae shon wit ille adtes faction and lasue
	layer_6: his face shown with el atisfaction and plasure
	layer_8: his faice showne with el satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_10: his face showned with el satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_12: his face showned with el satisfaction and pleasure

file: 1630-141772-0015.flac
expected: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_2: the solsdrs wre cady frenandr had notist antacon the lite goled i con trinsers mary had hong rown herbrothers nek but eeng the favr the ambotashod the fris nus the a know hasend toreton the holy iich
	layer_4: the solsers heatd carryd frinsandro had notest and taken the lite gold icon frinces marry had hung rrown her brathers nek but seeing the favre the empra shod the prisners their now hasnt toretun the holy immigh
	layer_6: the solders whwhad carried frenc androe had notiset and taken the litle gold ei con princes mary had hung rouwnd her broather's nek but seeing the favour the empera showed the prisners there know hazend to returne the holy image
	layer_8: the soldiers who had carried frence andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eyecon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperor showed the prisoners there now hazened to return the wholy image
	layer_10: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eyecorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_12: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eyecon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image

file: 1630-141772-0016.flac
expected: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_2: prens antrl did note ow in by whom itostretlacet bu the lite i cn thithts thin golt chane adindy aperd apon his thest od sigd his younform
	layer_4: princs an druw dit not se how in by whom ittosryplasd but the litl i con wit is in gold chane sudinly a perd upon his chest oud sied his younform
	layer_6: prince and dru did not see how and by whom it was recplactd but the little i con with its fhin gold chan sudenly appeared upon his chest outsid his yunform
	layer_8: prince andruw did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little ee corn with its thin gold chain suenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_10: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_12: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform

file: 1630-141772-0017.flac
expected: how good it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_2: ho goutitard ve ti no verto seefe hel inthislaife and wrortrexpic aftrt beorn the gle
	layer_4: how godit herd be to no vear to seek or heale in theslife and wagtowexpeckd aftrd beyond the gra
	layer_6: how good it had be to no vare to seek for help in this life and walh to expect after it beyond the gra
	layer_8: how good it had be to know wheare to seek for help in this life and waled to expect after it beyond the grev
	layer_10: how good it hould be to know wheare to seek for help in this life and walk to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_12: how good it hould be to know where to seek for help in this life and walk to expect after it beyond the grav

file: 1630-141772-0018.flac
expected: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_2: io hap be in carmmy shuld be if i gould nose lore heave moseon me
	layer_4: how hapbe an carm i shld be if i good nowsa lord have mosty on me
	layer_6: how happy and carm i should be if i good now see lard have mosy on me
	layer_8: how happy and calm i should be if i gould now sea lord have moscy on me
	layer_10: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have mercy on me
	layer_12: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have mercy on me

file: 1630-141772-0019.flac
expected: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sewn into this amulet by mary
	layer_2: i thrtra ba in definibo in gom behansobe whuch i no tolycanot itreis but wi sicarnont eveanextress hin words the grate ald o nuting sae he do himn selfe oar to dat gr who hasbeen son into his ammelit by maty
	layer_4: i ther twa ba indefinabe in gom bleheansibe whuch i no toolycanot ad tress but whih acanot even express in words the grat al o nosing sat he to him salfe alr to tat gad who hasbeen son into this amulit by mary
	layer_6: ither to  apoue indifinabl in complehendsibll which i no tunly cannoed atres but which i cannot even express in words the great al or nothing said he to himself o to that god who has been sol into this amulat by mary
	layer_8: either to apouw indefinable in comprehensible which i notonly cannot adtresst but which i cannot even express in words the great al or nothing said he to himself orgh to that god who has been sown into this amulate by mary
	layer_10: either to ebow indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot attres but which i cannot even express in words the great al or nothing said he to himself orh to that god who has been trown into this amulate by mary
	layer_12: either to abow indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot attres but which i cannot even express in words the great al or nothing said he to himself or to that god who hash been thrown into this amulate by mary

file: 1630-141772-0020.flac
expected: the stretchers moved on
	layer_2: thes tratters modon
	layer_4: this traters modon
	layer_6: the s tratels modon
	layer_8: the traers mod on
	layer_10: the straters moed on
	layer_12: the straters moed on

file: 1630-141772-0021.flac
expected: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_2: the quit ho laife and peasfl happines of bond his freshaended it sele to him
	layer_4: the quit home life and peeful hapiness of bol heils presthenderd it self to him
	layer_6: the quite home life and peacful hapiness of bol hills presended itself to him
	layer_8: the quit home life and peaceful happiness of bal hills presended itself to him
	layer_10: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hils presented itself to him
	layer_12: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hils presented itself to him

file: 1630-141772-0022.flac
expected: he is a nervous bilious subject said larrey and will not recover
	layer_2: ke i the no s peli a saset sitd lai and te notr caver
	layer_4: ke ifs e kneovers pilia subjet said lary and the lotrecover
	layer_6: ke is e nervous birlius subjet said lary and we lotrecover
	layer_8: key is a nervous biliours subject said lary and wil lnot recover
	layer_10: key is a nervous biliu subject said lari and will not recover
	layer_12: key is a nervous biliu subject said lari and will not recover

file: 1630-96099-0000.flac
expected: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_2: thad to  youl of cals un to take
	layer_4: that to so you rl of cos an to take
	layer_6: that to sa you wil of cose unto take
	layer_8: that two so you will of corse undertake
	layer_10: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_12: that too sir you will of course undertake

file: 1630-96099-0001.flac
expected: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_2: thensom ting hi happende has somspell infoomation somgrakte nus
	layer_4: then someting has happn he hads som speshiale infor mation some greate neus
	layer_6: then something has happene he has some speial infirmation some great newls
	layer_8: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_10: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_12: then something has happened he has some special information some great news

file: 1630-96099-0002.flac
expected: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_2: ben blokeprd it us aveden dat soumting had gornd rong wit him
	layer_4: ben bloaki piard it os eveden tat someting had gond rong with him
	layer_6: when black i ared it was evden that something had gond rong with him
	layer_8: when block appeeared it was evdent that something had goned rong with him
	layer_10: when black appeared it was evident that something had gone rong with him
	layer_12: when black appeared it was evident that something had gone rong with him

file: 1630-96099-0003.flac
expected: gone now just when we most want him never
	layer_2: gon now jes pen he milset wornd him naeer
	layer_4: gon now jeseen he milst woned him nevear
	layer_6: gon now justind he mist wand him never
	layer_8: gone now just when he most warnd him never
	layer_10: gone now just when e most warned him never
	layer_12: gone now just when we most warned him never

file: 1630-96099-0004.flac
expected: idiot triple idiot
	layer_2: eded triphe etert
	layer_4: etiat tripi etet
	layer_6: etiat trippl ediat
	layer_8: eitiet tripple idiet
	layer_10: itiet tripple idiet
	layer_12: itiet tripple idiet

file: 1630-96099-0005.flac
expected: you shall be dismissed discharged from this hour you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_2: you shad be dis minst dis charts ron the ar yout ad dis craseto the fouls
	layer_4: you shald be dismiset dis chardts from the sar yout had dis crace to the folse
	layer_6: you shall be dismisst dischargs from the sar your had discrace to the forse
	layer_8: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sa your ta discrace to the forse
	layer_10: you shall be dismissed discharged from thesa you re a discrace to the folse
	layer_12: you shall be dismissed discharged from thesa you'are a discrace to the farlce

file: 1630-96099-0006.flac
expected: it is that or your great gluttony
	layer_2: it es that o you grate dlutne
	layer_4: it is that or you greate glut me
	layer_6: it is that or you grat glot me
	layer_8: it is that or you great glatme
	layer_10: it is that or your great glutmy
	layer_12: it is that or your great glutme

file: 1630-96099-0007.flac
expected: my gentleman made himself most pleasant
	layer_2: mi tentlmin made hint nis tlesend
	layer_4: my tentle inmade himses nilstleasend
	layer_6: my gentleman made himsels nmo stleasant
	layer_8: my gentleman made himself no spleasant
	layer_10: my gentleman made himself mospleasant
	layer_12: my gentleman made himself mo pleasant

file: 1630-96099-0008.flac
expected: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_2: berllat any ra fuor my sein saected
	layer_4: belit any rae for my sinsayketed
	layer_6: bell at any rate for my sinse i ceted
	layer_8: well at any rae for my since i ccepcted
	layer_10: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_12: well at any rate for my sins i accepted

file: 1630-96099-0009.flac
expected: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited friends you know it perhaps monsieur
	layer_2: we antered the furs restrond tat ofthe rea ni to trens ikneit behavbs miss hl
	layer_4: we enter the forse restrond that of the reinigh to trence iknow it puhabes missio
	layer_6: we entered the first restrond that of the renito trencs e knew it perhaves massir
	layer_8: we entere the first restrant that of the renited trenchs u knew it perhaps mossieur
	layer_10: we entered the first restauant that of the renited trancs you knew it perhaps monsieur
	layer_12: we entered the first restuant that of the reunited trancs yeu knew it perhaps monsieur

file: 1630-96099-0010.flac
expected: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn
	layer_2: i had no far ou him not ti the vealy laset wen hublad me theh eabe ton
	layer_4: i had no fiar of himt not t lhe very last whan he plade me theh eabl ton
	layer_6: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he plae me the fh eabl tone
	layer_8: i had no fear of him not til the very last when he played me thith eabl ton
	layer_10: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me thih evil turn
	layer_12: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me thi evil tun

file: 1630-96099-0011.flac
expected: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was stuffed full monsieur i saw that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and paid with an italian bank note
	layer_2: ai suspectead nothing man ybrut out his pokebok it us tuft f mas er a to thard an wa contionsing creased corle for the reckning an baeirt thant etallin ban nevt
	layer_4: i suspected mothing wankhe brougt out his poked book it oas tuvet forthe mers ier i tho thad and wy conftionsing criasd cal for the rackning and paved than itallin banneed
	layer_6: i suspected mothing when he broaght out his pocket book it was tuged fur t meser i howgh that and my confiance in creast cal for the reckoning and pabit than itallin band noed
	layer_8: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tugetd for the mosier i thowh that and my confience increased call for the reckoning and pabit than italin band note
	layer_10: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tughed fort mosier i thouwgh that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and pait an italin bank note
	layer_12: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tughed for th monsieeur i thouwh that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and paith an italian bank note

file: 1630-96099-0012.flac
expected: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_2: excusd be one momandpra
	layer_4: excuse be one momendt pra
	layer_6: excuse me von momand pray
	layer_8: excus me one moment pray
	layer_10: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_12: excuse me one moment pray

file: 1630-96099-0013.flac
expected: he went out monsieur and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_2: he bentoud men shal and pif fpae  he was no morl to be seein
	layer_4: he bent oud mes ier and pif pagf he was no moe to be seean
	layer_6: he bent out meh hiere and piff baf he was no more to be seen
	layer_8: he went out mathieer and pifbaf he was no more to be seen
	layer_10: he went out math and piff bath he was no more to be seen
	layer_12: he went out mathe and piff bat he was no more to be seen

file: 1630-96099-0014.flac
expected: why let him out of your sight
	layer_2: wy letim ot of hisat
	layer_4: why let him out of hesit
	layer_6: why let him out of he sight
	layer_8: why let him out of his sight
	layer_10: why let him out of his sight
	layer_12: why let him out of his sight

file: 1630-96099-0015.flac
expected: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the italian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_2: itch as o le know at the lebeen bar that thet talyn had becom incl patet and the crestion of his pasibl ang fited eskep had naver bing considert
	layer_4: ith was only know at the leveen thar that they dallin had become incl pateed and the cresstion of his possibl anfidedoras kep had neveil been concidort
	layer_6: it was only know at the leven tha that they talin had become incolpated and the crestion of his possible angidyto escape had never been considout
	layer_8: it was only now at the leventha that the taline had become inculpated and the crestion of his possible aniety to escape had never been considered
	layer_10: it was only now at the leventha that the italian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_12: it was only now at the leventhar that the etalian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered

file: 1630-96099-0016.flac
expected: he left everything behind
	layer_2: he leved evepresing behined
	layer_4: he lefet eaveresing behind
	layer_6: he left evlithing behind
	layer_8: he left everything behind
	layer_10: he left everything behind
	layer_12: he left everything behind

file: 1630-96099-0017.flac
expected: hand it me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_2: hande to me said the chefe and ena gamemin to his han he began te tn o vrthelafehs holedly
	layer_4: handi to me said the chif and vena game in to his hans he began ter turn ovr the lavets howredly
	layer_6: handed to me said the chief and whenit came into his hands he began to turn over the liaves howriedly
	layer_8: handid to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves huriedly
	layer_10: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the lafs hurriedly
	layer_12: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly

file: 1630-96099-0018.flac
expected: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_2: i to not oundis taend not mo then a borde hyad in thy
	layer_4: i to not aun dis tand not mor then a word harl en ther
	layer_6: i to not undistend not more than a word her an there
	layer_8: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_10: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_12: i do not understand not more than a word here and there

file: 1630-96099-0019.flac
expected: it is no doubt italian
	layer_2: itd is now dodytallim
	layer_4: it is no d outy talim
	layer_6: it is no doulty tallim
	layer_8: it is no doubt talin
	layer_10: it is no doubt italion
	layer_12: it is no doubt italian

file: 1630-96099-0020.flac
expected: of course such a consummate ass as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_2: of cgo suti consimat asas you have rud yur self would not thin k of soching tires tround o the i medit nea bewhod ore of making inqivy s as tovethear he had been eeng wo asto richwar he had gan
	layer_4: of gco su  iconsim it as as you have rud yourself would not thin k of soching the res trount othe inmeadit nabe hodt or of making an quirlys as to vether he had been seen wor as yo rich wer he had gon
	layer_6: of gco such a consimate as as you have prud iourself would not think of seirching the restround or the imdit naihborhod ore of making in quiries as to vether he had been seen or as you which weare he had gone
	layer_8: of cos such a consimate ass as you have prud yourself would not think of seaching the restrant or the immedate neighborhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to wich where he had gone
	layer_10: of cours such a consemate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restrant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which where he had gone
	layer_12: of course such a consumate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the resturant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which where he had gone

file: 1630-96099-0021.flac
expected: it was a note for a hundred lire a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs hah
	layer_2: et as he notd fora hondred the lereer a hurndtred frans and the res tron be wast now mordhaneminden france har
	layer_4: ito was a notd forta hundred  learrer a hundred franggs and the retstron bel was now mor than emendein franc haw
	layer_6: it was a not for ha hundred learer a hundred frangs and the restron bell was no more than sementeen frans haw
	layer_8: it was a note for a hundred learer a hundred frans and the restran bill was no more than seventeen francs haw
	layer_10: it was a note for a hundred lrer a hundred francs and the restaruonbill was no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_12: it was a note for a hundred lirer a hundred francs and the resturontbill was no more than seventeen francs ha

file: 1630-96099-0022.flac
expected: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_2: he was mutch prestd in a grat hoy
	layer_4: he was much presstd in a grat hory
	layer_6: he wasmuch bresst in a great hory
	layer_8: he was much bressed in a great hurry
	layer_10: he was much bressed in a great hurry
	layer_12: he was much pressed in a great hurry

file: 1630-96099-0023.flac
expected: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was stopped the devil
	layer_2: derrec tle he crath the thrashld he corn the fursca and was drine nevy but he was tout the dever
	layer_4: derectly he crath the thressheld he caril the firs cap and was drime novy but he was topt the dever
	layer_6: directly he crashd the thresheuld he carled the first cap and was driing ovi but he was taped the dever
	layer_8: directly he crashed the thresholt he called the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the devir
	layer_10: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was topped the devil
	layer_12: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was topped the devil

file: 1630-96099-0024.flac
expected: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_2: e is to pason to leve her she would nocon tend then they bot garting to the ca and bertreven ovy to gedor
	layer_4: ciwish to parsson to lieve her she would not con ent then they both garting to the cap and edreven of i to geter
	layer_6: civwishe to parson to leave her she would not conend then they both gortinto the cap and we reven of ittogether
	layer_8: ki wishe to pass on to leave her she would not conent then they both got into the cap and weeh rieven ov it together
	layer_10: khe wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven awi together
	layer_12: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven awa together

file: 4572-64670-0000.flac
expected: but this thy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest threatening rama good and great ill thoughts thy journey stimulate
	layer_2: but tirsty hosed so whied dis pret wakes in me hart on dout and drat lherst ctratining rormm goden grat iltartsti jon is timllad
	layer_4: but disti hosd so wied dis pread wakes in my haurt wanedout and drad lest tritdening rammy god and grad iltaurdsdi jan is timle ad
	layer_6: but dis ti hosd so whie dhis pread waks in my heart one dout and rad lest triadening rama good and grat ill tarts di janis timl at
	layer_8: but dis i host so wide dispred wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest treitening rama good and grate illt arts dijany's timl eigt
	layer_10: but dis di host so wid dispred wakes in my heart one doubt and red lest treatening rama good and great ill tarts dijoni's timel at
	layer_12: but dis di host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest tratening ramma good and great ill tarts dijani's timmel ait

file: 4572-64670-0001.flac
expected: he is my eldest brother he is like a father dear to me
	layer_2: hi is my elldistprardr he is lake ifartrtey r to me
	layer_4: he is my eldest pradear he is lackeifaidat y ar to me
	layer_6: he is my eldest prade he is like a fidet hear to me
	layer_8: he is my eldest brode he is like a faida he to me
	layer_10: he is my eldest broder he is like a fader he to me
	layer_12: he is my eldest broder he is like a fader he to me

file: 4572-64670-0002.flac
expected: i go to lead my brother thence who makes the wood his residence
	layer_2: i co dolyd my bratar dens heo maxt od his recidens
	layer_4: i co do lid my brod ar dencs ho makest o wad his recidhens
	layer_6: i co to leae my brad o dence homakes erward his residens
	layer_8: i go to lead my brod adance ho makes taward his recidence
	layer_10: i go to lead my brod or dance who makes toward his recidence
	layer_12: i go to lead my brod ordance who makes toward his recidence

file: 4572-64670-0003.flac
expected: no thought but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim
	layer_2: notord bu desti ha shoud ram di smbotrt my lypsproqlam
	layer_4: notard bu disti hard should frame thi sympetrat my lepsprockam
	layer_6: notard but disti heard should frame thes simple trot my leps prockaim
	layer_8: no tard but tdisdiyhart should frame this simple trut my leps prockam
	layer_10: no tart but tdhis dihart should frame this simple truth my lips broklam
	layer_12: no tart but dhis dihart should frame this simple truth my leips brocklam

file: 4572-64670-0004.flac
expected: as guha thus and bharat each to other spoke in friendly speech the day god sank with glory dead and night o'er all the sky was spread
	layer_2: as go ha dous and vart ech to ardrs pok in prenlis page the day gout sanguit gloy da and nid o all tes ciy was prat
	layer_4: as goo ha dus and varit eage to arders popke in frenlespage the daygat sankwith gloiy dad and nidt ofve all des cy was prad
	layer_6: as go hades and varet eacgh to arders poke in friendlesspage the day gard sankquit glowry dead ad nigt ovr all dhe sky was prad
	layer_8: as guads and vorat eagh to aders poke in friendless pagh the dayguad sankwide glory dead ad knight over all the sky was prad
	layer_10: as guadz and vorat acgh to arde spoke in friendles pgh the dagad sank with glory dead ad night over all the sky was prad
	layer_12: as guhadaz and vorat ach to ada spoke in friendless pech the dagad sank with glory dead and night over all the sky was prad

file: 4572-64670-0005.flac
expected: soon as king guha's thoughtful care had quartered all the army there well honoured bharat laid his head beside satrughna on a bed
	layer_2: son as kin go hase talt fl cr hat cart at al the a mi dar whel onad are ot lat his had be sit setruner aon abad
	layer_4: so as king o has taut fl car had quard ert alldthe armi da well onad whar ot lae his head besidt satrokne on abed
	layer_6: soon as kingho has taugtful car had quartet all the armedar well honed whire ot laid his head beside sat rugna on a bed
	layer_8: soon as kinggohas taughtful care had quattered all the armi dar well honered while it laid his head beside sarugna on a bed
	layer_10: soon as kinggoa's taughtful care had quardtered all the armi dar well honoered while it laid his head beside satruna on a bed
	layer_12: soon as king goa's taughtful care had quartered all the armi dar well honored while it laid his head besides satruna on a bed

file: 4572-64670-0006.flac
expected: thus sighing and distressed in misery and bitter grief with fevered heart that mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mourned and found no rest
	layer_2: thu sing an distrest and misery andbetegreve woit fe wud hart dat mokdrilav thistrecetyn his mind tha char sti mrnd anfond norarst
	layer_4: theu syiing and this trest and misery and beadergreve woit fewared hart dat morked releave thistrecet in his mind the chea stilmond and fountd no rarst
	layer_6: thes syging and this trest end misery andbatagreave would feevwrd heart tad morked reliave thistraced in his mind the chea stil mon and fount no rest
	layer_8: dhos sging and distrest and misery and beate grieve woild fevwerd heart dead morked releve i stracked in his mind the che still mond and found no rest
	layer_10: du signg and distresst and misery and beat er grief with feveard heart dead morked relief distracked in his mind the cher still mored and found no rest
	layer_12: dus signg and distresst and misery and beat he grief with feverd heart dead mocked relief distracked in his mind the cher still morned and found no rest

file: 4572-64670-0007.flac
expected: rest duteous minded i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than raghu's son
	layer_2: hrest detyus midert il ke my wch whyd roma lisisle  fr ido hond wyd d is nan dearr t me thand regs son
	layer_4: hrest detius mindit iol keape my wach whiyld rawmmy lis eslee for inthe hole whd wald is non deara to me t hand reggo son
	layer_6: rest ditias mindid i oll kepe my wach while ramar lize asleep for in the hole wide walld is none deare to me thand raggo sn
	layer_8: rest ditrs minded i oll keep my watch while rauma lies asleep for in the whole whide wald is none dearer to me thand raggo's son
	layer_10: rest ditiea's minded i ill keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the hole wide wald is none dearer to me than ragos sn
	layer_12: rest ditia's minded i ill keep my watch while ramma lies asleep for in the hole wide walld is none dearer to me than rago's son

file: 4572-64670-0008.flac
expected: harbour no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be thrown great store of merit shall i gain and duteous form no wish in vain
	layer_2: harbekno doud ojeles feer ispea ditut wittatds in seear fal fron a grs whothe ha sh wele lory on m nane betro gratsto o mari shalligam andutius farl nawih in va
	layer_4: hirba no doud ojellos fer i spek detrut at haurds in sear for fromda grase whits he hash shom will glowry on my nae betrom greates tor omarrit chll i gam anddutius farm na wich inva
	layer_6: harbr no douwd or jellos fer i speak the trut weretharts in ser for from he grace whos he has shome will e glory on my name be trome great tor of marrit shall i game and dudius form nor wish inva
	layer_8: harbr no doubt or jealous fear i speak the trut whit heart sincer for from the grace whics he has shown will glory on my name be trown great store of marride shall i game and dutius form no wish in vain
	layer_10: harbar no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincer for from the grace which he hah shown wil h glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gain an dutius form no wish in vain
	layer_12: harbar no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincer for from the grace which he hath shown will glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gan and dutius form no wish in vain

file: 4572-64670-0009.flac
expected: let me enforced by many a row of followers armed with shaft and bow for well loved rama's weal provide who lies asleep by sita's side
	layer_2: tlhat me an farset by manearo a farnos abod shat and bo fal welleaf bro mas wyo proit whol lieisle by se der sie
	layer_4: lat me and faused by manyaro a foalowors arbled shaft and bo forwel laf brom os we ol proid ho lis e slyee by sedor sid
	layer_6: let me un forsed by manyaro ar forlowurs arblared shaftand bo for well af ramaswal proid ho lize asleep by ceit er side
	layer_8: let me unforced by many row our followers arbred shaft and bow for well o brama's wal proied ho lies asleep by ceater's side
	layer_10: let me unforced by many a row our followers armored shaft and bow for well la bramas wal proid who lies asleep by ceatar's side
	layer_12: let me unforced by many a row our followers armbored shaft and bow for well l brama's wal proid who lies asleep by ceatar's side

file: 4572-64670-0010.flac
expected: with words like these i spoke designed to move the high souled bharat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his persuasive argument o how can slumber close mine eyes when lowly couched with sita lies the royal rama
	layer_2: wit wart lak des es poek dosind i move do hi soled varats mint but he apen his tu ty pent plied his purslrss of a camoent o hall conslome bu los myd s en lonle co stoid se tou ls der rard ror
	layer_4: wit waldts lakdes i s poke tesind timoved do hi sold vorats mind but he upon his d outy baend plied his purcwers of argomoend o hal caun slom but close myn eys hel lowly coudce tor it seet ar lis dar roil ramar
	layer_6: wit walt like dese i spoke deszind to moved the hisold vorot's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his parsreus of arcoment o how coun slumbar glose min eyes whelne loly coude to it ceet our lies daril drama
	layer_8: witwart like dthese ispoke designed to move te highsold vorret's mind but he upon his dauty beand plied his parsusiv arcoment oh how coun slumbere cloese mine eyes whelne loly couch to it seat our lies deroil drama
	layer_10: wi waed like these i spoke designed to move ta highsoled voret's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his parsrsiv argoment oh how coun slumber cloe mine eyes whilne lonly couch oecseat our lies deroyal drama
	layer_12: wit waled like these i spoke designed to move ta higsoled vorret's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his parsuresiv argoment oh how caun slumber close mine eyes whilne lonly couch oicseat our lies deroyal drama

file: 4572-64670-0011.flac
expected: he whom no mighty demon no nor heavenly god can overthrow see guha how he lies alas with sita couched on gathered grass
	layer_2: he hol no my todeman no noe havenlga kan ovitro sego hr hol hi ls alas would seeter cocehed on gat at crrs
	layer_4: he whom no mi to deeman now no haveely gart kan overtrow seego her hol he lies alas wiltd seeater colghed on gadet crars
	layer_6: he whome no my dideeman now no havanly gard gan overtro see go her how he lize alas woild ceater coulghed on gadtet craus
	layer_8: he whome no my dedeama now nor havnly guard can overtro see gohar how he lies alas would ceter couched on gaded tras
	layer_10: he whom no mytedama now nor havenly guard can overtrow se guha how he lies alas would siter couched on gaherd tras
	layer_12: he whom no mytedama now nor havenly guard can overtrow se guha how he lies alas woud siter couched on gatherd tras

file: 4572-64670-0012.flac
expected: now as his son is forced to fly the king ere long will surely die reft of his guardian hand forlorn in widowed grief this land will mourn
	layer_2: now as i son his fast o fl tha king a long wilh seoll id hraft o his guchin hound forllo inol dod grdis landeld mn
	layer_4: now as is sn his falsto fly tha king ell long wil siolydy raft of his gugh in hound forlan ino dou gref tis laund alman
	layer_6: now as is son his fase to fly the king el long will syarly tie reft of his gudg in hound for lan indiur gref this lond wil mar
	layer_8: now as his son is false to fly the king e long will seal tie reft of his gudgin hand forelon inudioure grief this land will mar
	layer_10: now as his son is false to fly the king elong will syoli die raft of his gudgin hand fore long iudd grief this land will mor
	layer_12: now as his son is false to fly the king elong will syoli die raft of his gudgin hand fore lon iudoud grief this land will morn

file: 4572-64670-0013.flac
expected: but ah for sad kausalya how fare she and mine own mother now how fares the king
	layer_2: but  ar sec coshan yar ho her she and my o moderd now hol fars to king
	layer_4: but arh wa set coshillyar how fr she and mye o madern now how fayrs toking
	layer_6: but ar fa sat casellia how fireshe and myn own mardder now how fais the king
	layer_8: but ah or said cachelia how fer she and mine own mader now how fais the king
	layer_10: but ah fo said cocelia how fare she and mine own mader now how fais the king
	layer_12: but ah fo said cochelia how fare she and mine own mader now how fais the king

file: 4572-64670-0014.flac
expected: with hopes upon satrughna set my mother may survive as yet but the sad queen will die who bore the hero for her grief is sore
	layer_2: oitops opn setro neseit my moter missar vybersiet but de sat cuanu di who bor do herr for hagrey fhis s
	layer_4: oi topes upan setroogneset my marder missarvy basiet but desart quin oul dy who bor to herer for hagry his soa
	layer_6: ithopes upan se rugna set my mader miss are vibesyet but de sat cuinull i who boar ter herar for hagrief is sa
	layer_8: it hopes upen sed rugna set my mader missar vibeziet but te sat qouinuldi who bor ta hera for her grief is sa
	layer_10: it hopes up an sit rugnaset my mater missa vibeziet but the sat quen ul di who bore te hera for her grief is sa
	layer_12: it hopes up an sit rugnaset my mater missar vibeziet but tdhe sat quin ul di who bore tehero for her grief is sa

file: 4572-64670-0015.flac
expected: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_2: tola ta king woal cry and conk ud by his misiry d
	layer_4: to la ta king weld criy and conkrd by his misery di
	layer_6: to latta king wil cry and conced by his misery di
	layer_8: to late the king will cry and conqured by his misery die
	layer_10: to late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_12: to late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die

file: 4572-64670-0016.flac
expected: when fate has brought the mournful day which sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are they allowed his funeral rites to pay
	layer_2: whenfaite has bro demorn pul da whooudh seese my faotu passorf wa how happe indillives o da alot his fenar adrixes topa
	layer_4: when fade has brou demonful day who ld sease my fardr pass erf way how happy indelives rday aloud his fenar a rites to pay
	layer_6: when fat has brouht dhe monful day whod seese my father pass away how happy indelives ar day alout his feener al rikes to pay
	layer_8: when fate has brought the mounful day wo  seese my father pass away how happy inder lives ar day alowd his feneral rites to pay
	layer_10: when fate has brought them mounful day wo i sees my father pass away how happy in their lives ar day allowed his feneral rightes to pay
	layer_12: when fate has brought them mounful day wo it sees my father pass away how happy in their lives ar day allowed his feneral rightes to pay

file: 4572-64670-0017.flac
expected: thus bharat stood with many a sigh lamenting and the night went by
	layer_2: thus he hoarat stodit manyusy la menting ande nie d w ent b
	layer_4: thes te whoritstold i t manyous siy lamenting and o nyd twent by
	layer_6: toes teorit stoold wih manya sig lamenting and  nigh twent by
	layer_8: does te whorit stoold with many a sig lamenting anda night went by
	layer_10: does the orri stoold with many a sih lamenting and  night went by
	layer_12: does the forrid stold with many a si lammenting and h night went by

file: 4572-64670-0018.flac
expected: when guha saw the long armed chief whose eye was like a lotus leaf with lion shoulders strong and fair high mettled prostrate in despair pale bitterly afflicted he reeled as in earthquake reels a tree
	layer_2: when go har sald a lo om che os i was mike elodosleve whrt lin shodo scrang an fre hi matrt prostreatin dispr pald betarlyahlicktot e reel dhes anotquay creals ittre
	layer_4: when goo her saud a long arm cive os y was likealodes leve wart lin sholder schrang and far hi materlt prostrad in dispar pal betarly a flictet he rel das in atquakc rels itre
	layer_6: when go her soud along arm chive hos ey was like a lodous leave what lin shoulder strong and fair hi matterlt prostrad in dispair pal betarlya flicted he realed as in artquake reals atree
	layer_8: when gua sawed a long armchif whose eye was like a lodus leeave what lins shoulders strong and fair high matterledo prostrate in dispair pale bitarli afflicted he realed as an artquake real's etree
	layer_10: when gua saw ta long armchief whose eye was like a lodus leave wat lins shoulder strong and fair high matteredo prostrate in despair pale bitarli afflicted he realed as an artquake reals etri
	layer_12: when guha saw tha long armchief whose eye was like a lodus leav wat lian shoulder strong and fair high matteredo prostrate in despair pale bitarli afflicted he realed as an artquake reals etre

file: 4572-64670-0019.flac
expected: kausalya by her woe oppressed the senseless bharat's limbs caressed as a fond cow in love and fear caresses oft her youngling dear then yielding to her woe she said weeping and sore disquieted what torments o my son are these of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_2: corshalliar by ho wor o prest the sencst is pvoratslinscarest as aforn cow illovan ear carres as alf ty yunglingder tanyalling do ha wo she sheit woyping and sor d is cquatet what tarmn s o my son ates afsud en pan a swifeto doeus
	layer_4: coshellia by how war o prest the sensles veratslins carest as i fon cow itle loven fer carecs as alf tar yunglingder denialding to ha war she sad oiping and sordis quided what tarmence o my son ades ofs ud en pane a swifto deses
	layer_6: cauciellia by how ware opresst the sensless vurot's lins carest as i font cow in a loven fer carresses olfty youngling der denialting to har ware she said woeping and saw disquieded what tarments or my son ardes afsurden pain arswift dezes
	layer_8: caurchelia by how war orppressed the senseless verat's lins caresed as if fon cow i lovan fear carassess offt ar yungling der denylding to hawar she said hwaping and sow disquited what taormants o my son adis afsudden pain or swift diseas
	layer_10: caselia by how war oppressed the senseless berat's lims caresed as if on cow ilove an fear caresses of her yungling der denilding do ha war she said weeping and sore disquited what torments or my son adis orf sudden pain or swift diseas
	layer_12: carcelia by hor war oppressed the senseless berats lims caresd as if on cow ilove an fear caresses of her yungling der denilding doha war she said weaping and sor disquieted what torments or my son adis or sudden pain or swift diseas

file: 4572-64670-0020.flac
expected: the lives of us and all the line depend dear child on only thine
	layer_2: toelifes of r san al te line the pau dichd ard aong ly dim
	layer_4: te lifes of as an alldt line the pan der chid aurnd ongly dime
	layer_6: te lifes of us and al te line the pan teir child an ongly dine
	layer_8: the lifes of us and all te line the pand their child arn ongly dine
	layer_10: the lifes of us and all the line they pant their child are ongly dyng
	layer_12: the lifes of us and all the line they pant dheir child are longly dyng

file: 4572-64670-0021.flac
expected: rama and lakshman forced to flee i live by naught but seeing thee for as the king has past away thou art my only help to day
	layer_2: ro mi luchmen fastofle i le by not but sein d foas aking has pas thera dol at my al ly houto ta
	layer_4: ro y lucthmon fos to fle i le by not but seeng d for is ta king has passt hea ray dou aurt my ally houp to day
	layer_6: rau my luxhman forse to fle i le by not but seeing de for as the king has passed a way dou art my ally heolp to day
	layer_8: ramyn lucxhman forced to flee ilee by not but seeing dhee for as the king has passed away dou art my olnly help to day
	layer_10: rama lucxhman forced to flee i leave by nart but seeing thee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day
	layer_12: rama lucxhman forced to flee i leave by nat but seeing thee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day

file: 4572-64670-0022.flac
expected: show me the couch whereon he lay tell me the food he ate i pray
	layer_2: shl mitocows wer aon hi lay telemint eford hi ad i pra
	layer_4: shal mint couse where an he lay telld mend a fold he eit i pra
	layer_6: sho mita cows where arn he lay tell met a ford he aight i pray
	layer_8: show me ta cows wherearn he lay tell me tha forte iht i pray
	layer_10: show me ta cowse whereoun helay tell me the forty eight i pray
	layer_12: show me ta cowse whereont he lay tell me the forty eight i pray

file: 4572-64670-0023.flac
expected: then calm and still absorbed in thought he drank the water lakshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spouse
	layer_2: thand camen stl afb jaldin tart he dran the watr luchpen brt anden abeden do his bos he fasted oitht his entlf spos
	layer_4: than camenstel afbjald intarht he dranct e water luxtmen brat anten abedien to his vous hei fasted wit his senttle spous
	layer_6: then carmant'stel ebjorlved in tat he dranceda water luxhman brat an en obediant to his vous he fasted with his entale spows
	layer_8: then calmmon steeal abjorbed in tat he dranked ha water luchman bragt an en obedient to his vows he fasted with his entale s pows
	layer_10: then calmmo steel abjorbed in tat he drankd h water luxhman braught and en obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentles pows
	layer_12: then calmad steel abjoubed in tat he dranked the water luchman braught and en obedient to his vows he fasted with his zentles pows

file: 4572-64670-0024.flac
expected: here stands the tree which lent them shade here is the grass beneath it laid where rama and his consort spent the night together ere they went
	layer_2: he ustanst a tre hiths lam them shate heerse tegrus beenit it lat wher rowm and his consospent do nidt togadr a dir want
	layer_4: he ustanst a tree whihs lam them shade he ersede crouse ben it it lae whe rowmy and his conseod spent de night to gader ard er went
	layer_6: he ustandse ha tree woih slamd tem shade he ar isthe grouss wen it it ladte where rama and his consod spant tenight to geder ared he went
	layer_8: he astans tha tree which slamed tem shate here s thegrawss whenit it laite where rama and his consat spent te night to getter ar the went
	layer_10: hee stands ta tree which slam them shade here is the grass venit it laid where rama and his concat spent the night to gether are they went
	layer_12: here stands ta tree which slam them shade here is the grass venit it laid where rama and his concot spent the night to gather are they went

file: 4572-112383-0000.flac
expected: he ceased
	layer_2: hi sst
	layer_4: his sesd
	layer_6: hes seesed
	layer_8: he seized
	layer_10: he seized
	layer_12: he seized

file: 4572-112383-0001.flac
expected: where where is sita
	layer_2: wwhy seeta
	layer_4: w we seeter
	layer_6: wher whayy sater
	layer_8: where why citer
	layer_10: where wh sete
	layer_12: where wh site

file: 4572-112383-0002.flac
expected: scorched by the fiery god of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_2: scoche do ye a firy got of da h ondis myte hl i l
	layer_4: scocedo vhtha firy gat of tay hi onthis myto heil i lay
	layer_6: scolgedo wy the firy got of ay high on this my o hell i lay
	layer_8: scolced by the firy gard of day high on this migty hill i lay
	layer_10: scoched by the firy gard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_12: scorched by the firy gard of day high on this mighty hill i lay

file: 4572-112383-0003.flac
expected: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewed
	layer_2: aich mon anev he brot my fot anfili al ca my life fred neot
	layer_4: eich man aneve he brart me food and filyal car my li frened
	layer_6: each mon an eaveh he braghd me food and filial car my life re nered
	layer_8: each morn and eth he brought me food and philial care my life red nerd
	layer_10: each morn and eath he brought me food and filial care my life rened
	layer_12: each morn and eath he brought me food and filial care my life rened

file: 4572-112383-0004.flac
expected: swift to the south his course he bent and cleft the yielding element
	layer_2: set to desowt his cals he bad and lavta lding alimend
	layer_4: sweived to desout his cals he band and claftd i ealding allimend
	layer_6: sweved to desout his cals he band and clafht thi elding alimend
	layer_8: swefed to the sout his cauls he bend and cleft ti yilding aliment
	layer_10: sweved to the sout his cauls he bent and cleft thi yielding aliment
	layer_12: sweeved to the sout his cauls he bend and cleft the yielding aliment

file: 4572-112383-0005.flac
expected: the holy spirits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bright legions met o say is sita living yet
	layer_2: the holis peridt sof dr cae row me as i marvl d and crid as deap brite legian smat osa is etallyvingyet
	layer_4: the wholys perit s of th ar came row me as i marval ta and cried as der brigt leagian s mart osa is seetoll leving et
	layer_6: the wholis perits of the air came rowd me as i marvaldair and cried as ther brigd legians mat isy is seetar leaving yet
	layer_8: the wholest perrets of the air came round me as i marval tar and cried as their brighte ligianse met o say is sitar leaving yet
	layer_10: the holist perits of the air came round me as i marvel tar and cried as their bright ligiance met osay is sita leaving yet
	layer_12: the holist perits of the air came round me as i marval tar and cried as their bright legiance met osay is sita leaving yet

file: 4572-112383-0006.flac
expected: thus cried the saints and told the name of him who held the struggling dame
	layer_2: dos crie to sans and tell do nean affim who hold the strogliyngdame
	layer_4: dos cried dhe sans and telld do name orf f im who hold de strougling dame
	layer_6: does cried th sains and tel e name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_8: dose cryed the sains and tell the name off him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_10: does cry the saints and tell the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_12: dos cry the saints and tell the name of him who hold the struggling dame

file: 4572-112383-0007.flac
expected: then from the flood sampati paid due offerings to his brother's shade
	layer_2: ten front o let somepatypad do ofrings to his brader shad
	layer_4: ten front o flad somepartepad do ofrings to his brader shad
	layer_6: ten front o flod some partypad do offerings to his broders shad
	layer_8: ten fronto flod some party paid du offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_10: ten frontoflood some party paid du offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_12: ten frontoflood some party paid du offerings to his browder's shad

file: 4572-112383-0008.flac
expected: seven nights in deadly swoon i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_2: seven nids indardlisson i parst buts tronling le foretarnd at lrst
	layer_4: seven nies indardlyssoom i parsd but's trongling liveretand at larsd
	layer_6: severn nights in dadlys sorm i pased buts trongling life r etarn at lased
	layer_8: seven knights in dadly som i parssed but strangling life retarned at last
	layer_10: seven knights in dadly sam i pased but strangling life retarned at last
	layer_12: seven nights in dadly sam i pased but strangling life retarned at last

file: 4572-112383-0009.flac
expected: around i bent my wondering view but every spot was strange and new
	layer_2: a rown d y bant my on dering ve but ave ris pat was trangenne
	layer_4: a round i bant my wondering ve but eve ris paurt was tran gen ner
	layer_6: around i bant my wondering vel but everispart was tran ge an ner
	layer_8: around i bant my wandering vel but every spart was trange and ner
	layer_10: around i bant my wandering ve but every part was strange and near
	layer_12: around i bant my wandering vi but every spart was strange and near

file: 4572-112381-0000.flac
expected: on comrades to the cave i cried and all within the portal hied
	layer_2: n comretsto ta cae y trid and alden the paltl htd
	layer_4: on combrets to d acave i crid and allden the poutl heid
	layer_6: on comretes to the cave i cried and alden the patl higd
	layer_8: on comrates to the cave i cried and oludin the portl hid
	layer_10: on comrades to the cave i cried and ouldin the potal hid
	layer_12: on comrades to the cave i cried and owu'd in the portel hid

file: 4572-112381-0001.flac
expected: here thou with hospitable care hast fed us with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this thy plentiful supply
	layer_2: he ad witospitible c hast fades wat te no blistf preservingesaba to dy wit dise dy plan teful supply
	layer_4: he adow wit hospitible c hast fades wat te noblist f preserving us a bar to dy wit dis di plamteful suply
	layer_6: he adou wit hospitable car hast faers wit de noblest fir preservingus tar bou to dy wit dis dyplamtiful supply
	layer_8: he adow with hospitable care hast feaers with the noblest fare preserving us aboud to dy wit tis di plamtiful supply
	layer_10: hea ou with hospitable care hastd feters with the noblest fare preserving us about to di witd tis thy plantiful supply
	layer_12: he a tou with hospitable care hast fetes with the noblest fare preserving us about to dy woit dis thy plantiful supply

file: 4572-112381-0002.flac
expected: but how o pious lady say may we thy gracious boon repay
	layer_2: but how r pius latiy s may we thi grac yius borepa
	layer_4: but how wl piouslady say mae we thi gracious bon repa
	layer_6: but how wol pios lady say may wed thi gracius boon repay
	layer_8: but how woll pious lady say may we thi gracius boon repay
	layer_10: but how ll pious lady say may we thy gracius boon repay
	layer_12: but how ol pious lady say may we thy gracius boon repay

file: 4572-112381-0003.flac
expected: he ceased the ascetic dame replied well vanars am i satisfied
	layer_2: hi seust te asiteda merplid well bons amye satas fit
	layer_4: hi sesd the asiteda merplid wellboners a y satis fit
	layer_6: he seazed the esitic dame ereplied well banners am iy satisfie
	layer_8: he seized the acitic dame replied well bannas am i satisfied
	layer_10: he seized the escetic dam replied well bannas am i satisfied
	layer_12: he seized the esetic dam replied well bannas am i satisfied

file: 4572-112381-0004.flac
expected: a life of holy works i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_2: i li fof onawarx i led and frobyol hoans no souvvis ned
	layer_4: i life of hoily warks i lead and frobyou hons no selvvis ned
	layer_6: i life of honly walks i leaved and frob your hands no sevis need
	layer_8: i life of wholy walks i leaved and fro your hands no servist ned
	layer_10: i life of holy walks i leaved and from your hands no servis need
	layer_12: i life of holy walks i leaved and from your hands no sevis need

file: 4572-112381-0005.flac
expected: then spake again the vanar chief we came to thee and found relief
	layer_2: thenspikagamdebona cheve we came to dte andfondrelve
	layer_4: thencepickagim da bonarcheve we came to dy and folndrelive
	layer_6: dhence pick agin the bane chieve we came to dee and foundreliave
	layer_8: dhen espick again the bonnarchieve we came to dee and found relievfe
	layer_10: dhen spake again the bannechieve we came to de and found reliefe
	layer_12: dhen spake again the bannechieve we came to de and found reliefe

file: 4572-112381-0006.flac
expected: now listen to a new distress and aid us holy votaress
	layer_2: nowlisan toad neu de strase and adars haly vortrase
	layer_4: now lissen to ean neul thestres and aigders holy vorteres
	layer_6: now lisen to anal dhestress and eiders wholy waters
	layer_8: now listene to a nel distresse and aides holly ateres
	layer_10: now listened to a nal distress and aidas holy wateres
	layer_12: now listened to a neal distress and adas wholy wateres

file: 4572-112381-0007.flac
expected: our wanderings in this vasty cave exhaust the time sugriva gave
	layer_2: iar wenderingc ind is vasto cav axoset a tie suigrl vuogv
	layer_4: ilr enderings ind is vas ti cave exost a timessuigree argave
	layer_6: ou r wenderings in dhisvast e cave exolse a time segrivar gave
	layer_8: ou r wrenderings in his vast hy cave exoucd a time segrivar gave
	layer_10: our renderings in his vasty cave exhauste time segriva gave
	layer_12: our renderings in his vasty cave exhauste time sagriva gave

file: 4572-112381-0008.flac
expected: once more then lady grant release and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon their errand sped for king sugriva's ire we dread
	layer_2: ans malden lat grarndelys awn leat dy suppan sco inpes agown upon dar aonspat fal king surav as ia wey dratd
	layer_4: wonce bal den laty randrales and letti suplhien sco inpes agawn upont er arns peat faolking sagrneve as iar we drrt
	layer_6: once ballden lady drandre leas aund let i suplien eco in pes agon upon ther earancs pe flrlking sugrevusir we drad
	layer_8: once balldan lady drandrelize and let thi supplience go in peace agaon upon their eiraunt's ped folking sogrivazi we dread
	layer_10: once malldan lady gran relizs and let thi suppliencs go in pase again upon their eraunt's ped folking sagre vazi we dread
	layer_12: once malldan lady grantrelese and let thi supplientcs go in pease again upon their erant's ped folking segre vazia we dread

file: 4572-112381-0009.flac
expected: and the great task our sovereign set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_2: and de gra tas ala solrn seat alousis on a complashdt
	layer_4: and a grat tousk ola sol rean seit alosis on ac complashedyad
	layer_6: and a great task aa sal rean set elas is aneccomplished yed
	layer_8: and a great task aa sallrin set alas is unaccomplished yed
	layer_10: and ta great task o sarin set alas is unaccomplished yed
	layer_12: and ta great task o sarin set alac is unaccomplished yed

file: 4572-112381-0010.flac
expected: and heard his waters roar and rave terrific with each crested wave
	layer_2: and holt his wotsra andrave tari thitach crast ad wav
	layer_4: and holed his wates ra and rave tarificor t ach crast aed wayve
	layer_6: and howled his waters ra and rave tarifick wor t each crast at wave
	layer_8: and holed his waters rall and rave tarific ouro each crast at wave
	layer_10: and holed his waters ra and rave tarific or to each crast at wave
	layer_12: and howled his waters ral and rave tarific or to each crast at wave

file: 4572-112381-0011.flac
expected: the month is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_2: ta mont is lost in tir an pan and no my fren swat hobsri man
	layer_4: de mant is lolst in til and pan and now my frenswhat hoesre mand
	layer_6: the mantis lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_8: temant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_10: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_12: demantis lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain

file: 4572-112381-0012.flac
expected: your hearts with strong affection fraught his weal in every labour sought and the true valour of your band was blazoned wide in every land
	layer_2: yo hos wit strong e feccsion frat he is wil in ave relabo sat and te trl valer of er bamd was blesandwid e n ad re land
	layer_4: your howds wit strong a fecion frat he his wil in avrelabur soaut and tha tru veller of your band was bleasand wied in adryland
	layer_6: your houds wid strong affection frat he is wiel in every labur sout and the tre veller of your band was blasant wid in edvery land
	layer_8: your howrds wih strung afflection frat he is will in every labor sot and the tru vellor of your band was blazant wide in every land
	layer_10: your hords with strong afflection frgt he is will in every labor souht and the true vallor of your band was pleazant wide in every land
	layer_12: your hords with strong affection fragt he his will in every labor sougt and the true vallor of your band was pleasant wide in every land

file: 4572-112381-0013.flac
expected: come let us all from food abstain and perish thus since hope is vain
	layer_2: com lhat asa fromfro depstan and paryshdrs sins hop is van
	layer_4: comlet ars al fromfood epstan and parish tas since hop is vamn
	layer_6: com let us all from food abstane and parishd des since hope is van
	layer_8: come let us all from food abstain and parish does since hope is vain
	layer_10: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain
	layer_12: come let us all from food abstain and perish dos since hope is vain

file: 4572-112381-0014.flac
expected: far better thus to end our lives and leave our wealth our homes and wives leave our dear little ones and all than by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_2: far bata drs to ant olals and leve alroud ar homsand ws lee ov a dalitin ons an a den by his vangeful hand to fo
	layer_4: farbat ar ders to and olaliveves and leve alwould ar homs and wives leave ofr dea lita wons and ol den by his vangeful hand to fol
	layer_6: far bat a ders to and of arlives and leave oull relt oure homes and wives lave of a dea litte once and al dem by his vangeful hand to fal
	layer_8: farbatta does to end ofr lives and leave ou wealt our homes and wives lave of a deaar little ons and al dem by his vanghful hand to fal
	layer_10: far batter dos to end our lives and leave ou welt our homes and wives lave of a dear little ons and al dem by his vangeful hand to fall
	layer_12: far batter dos to end our lives and leave our wralt our homes and wives lave of a dear little ons and al dem by his vangeful hand to fall

file: 4572-112381-0015.flac
expected: our forfeit lives will surely pay for idle search and long delay and our fierce king will bid us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_2: ove ar farfid lives in sharnlypa for iden soch an lan de la own thoeo fe er s cing wil betars ty the fa e of is rend to b
	layer_4: ofear forfed lives in sharly pa for idensoch an lon to la own thoue a fer sking will bedars dy the faveare of his frend to by
	layer_6: oferforfit lives in sarly pay for idon sorch and long to lay on thouh war fers king will beaders diy the favur of his friend to by
	layer_8: of our forpfed lives an arely pay for idon sarch and long to lay and thuarfers king will bedt as die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_10: of or forfhed lives in urely pay for idon't search and long delay and thou rfers king will beat us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_12: of our forfid lives in urely pay for i don't search and long delay and thou rfers king will beat aus die the favour of his friend to bu

file: 4572-112381-0016.flac
expected: then tara softly spake to cheer the vanars hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavern dwell
	layer_2: thentoa solispaketoche the bonhers hoit sup prust py he thispa no mo yoa dots dis pol comen thesampl caon do
	layer_4: then tar soflyspake to chr the boner's hots op praset by her this pa no mo your douts dis pel commin thesampl caon toow
	layer_6: then taa soflyss pake to cher the bonner's hots opprassed by fer this pare no more your douts dispell come in this ample caben twel
	layer_8: tden tara softlys pake to cheer the barner's hods oppressed by fer dhispar no more your doubts despell come in this ample cabern twell
	layer_10: dentara softly spake to cheer the barner's hords oppressed by fer dispai no more your doubts dispell come in this ample cabn dwell
	layer_12: dentara softly spake to cheer the barner's hords oppressed by fer dispair no more your doubts dispell come in this ample cabn dwell

file: 4572-112381-0017.flac
expected: thou fondly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_2: do fon lehelprst indis ca the vangan sofdte fo to bra
	layer_4: tou fonly hlprst intis cave thevangen s of the fo to bra
	layer_6: toure founly hupest in tdescave te vangiance of the fo to bra
	layer_8: tou foundly hopest in discave the vangiancs of the fo to brae
	layer_10: thou foundly hopest in tiscave the vengeance of the fo to brave
	layer_12: thou foundly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the fo to brave

file: 4572-112381-0018.flac
expected: but lakshman's arm a shower will send of deadly shafts those walls to rend
	layer_2: but lucthmns arm i shoill wiltd saed oftat le shavts tes walds to rend
	layer_4: but luxhmance orm as shirolwilth send of tadlyshavetds tils walds to rend
	layer_6: but luxhments arm i shaw olrlwith send of dadly shaed stills wallds to rand
	layer_8: but luxhmnt's arm i shawarwith send of dadly shaved stills walds to reand
	layer_10: but luxhmn's arm a shaal wisend of dadly shaft stills wals to rend
	layer_12: but luxhman's arm i shaal wilsend of dadly shavt stills wals to rend

file: 4572-112381-0019.flac
expected: thy loving kinsman true and wise looks on thee still with favouring eyes
	layer_2: ti loveing censmen tr won s noc onetyu s tal it fa ering s
	layer_4: thy loving cainsmen tru wun wiys noks ometaus tal wit fabering is
	layer_6: thy loving cinsman tru n wis noks on ta s tal wit fabering eyes
	layer_8: thy loving kentsman true ne wis knoks onds tal with fabouring eyes
	layer_10: thy loving kinsman tru nwis noks untes tal with favouring eyes
	layer_12: thy loving kinsman tru unwis noks unde's tal with favouring eyes

file: 4572-112375-0000.flac
expected: he heard the prince's furious tread he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_2: he hald topreicis fery us trat hei sa his is glo feaur sy rat
	layer_4: he hal to prises feryus trat his soul his eyes glow feursly ret
	layer_6: he hald to prices furious trat his saul his eyes glo fersly ret
	layer_8: he hauled the princess feurious trat he saw his eyes glow feiorcely reed
	layer_10: he hauled tha princess furious trat he saw his eyes glow fieiercely red
	layer_12: he hawled te princess furious trat he saw his eyes glow fiercely red

file: 4572-112375-0001.flac
expected: swift sprang the monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden seat
	layer_2: sft sprandemoderto hise fet astarding fror mis godod set
	layer_4: sifetd sprendamoter to his fed ustarding fromis goldean set
	layer_6: seft s preng a monerk to his feet obstarding from his goldend see
	layer_8: seftdsprang e monor to his feet obstarding from his golden seat
	layer_10: siftspring de moar to his feet upstarding from his golden seat
	layer_12: sift spring da moarc to his feet upstarding from his golden seat

file: 4572-112375-0002.flac
expected: ungrateful vanar king art thou and faithless to thy plighted vow
	layer_2: on grat ul bon er caing gor d an fatel sto ti pihted v
	layer_4: on great fwll baner king ort do and fatls to ti plithed o
	layer_6: on greatfull boner king or dou and fatles to tiplietadvu
	layer_8: on gratfull bonnor king art dou and faitless to d i plidtadvow
	layer_10: ungrateful barnner king ar tou and fateless to tieplidtedvowu
	layer_12: ungrateful banar king art tou and fateless to ti plidtedvow

file: 4572-112375-0003.flac
expected: now if thy pride disown what he high thoughted prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and bali meet in yama's hall
	layer_2: thaw ifti prid deson wat he hi talte prin saes tounfote strouck bu heis aos shal dao fol and boly met i yall as hol
	layer_4: thow if ti pried deson what he hi taltet prin sas ton fort strock bu his arows shaltal fol and baly med in  yam as hol
	layer_6: nho if ti prid teson what he hi talted prince as ton fortee struck bu his arros shaltou fal and barly meet inyamar's hal
	layer_8: nhou if dy pridte tezone what he hi talted prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shalltou fal and barli meet inyama's hal
	layer_10: nou if dy pride dezon what he hitaltred prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and barli mat in ama's al
	layer_12: nou if dy pride dezon what he hi taltered prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and bali meat in yama's al

file: 4572-112375-0004.flac
expected: still open to the gloomy god lies the sad path thy brother trod
	layer_2: stil apom to d aglo me god lis o san pat dy brod at trd
	layer_4: stil opem to tha glo me god lied o san pat i brad ar trad
	layer_6: still opem to the glomy god lised a sant pat di bradter trad
	layer_8: still opem to the glomy god lizs ta sand pat i brother trad
	layer_10: still opem to the glomy gad lies ta sad pat ti brote trad
	layer_12: still opim to the glomy gad lies ta sad pat dy broter trad

file: 4572-112375-0005.flac
expected: then to thy plighted word be true nor let thy steps that path pursue
	layer_2: then tod ipided wa do be tro nol lat desteapsten poarto poso
	layer_4: then to d i plided wad be tre no lat dst epsten pout por so
	layer_6: then to d i pli ded wald be tre no lt t steps tandt poat pursu
	layer_8: then to diplidthet woard be true nor let ti stepsthan port pursue
	layer_10: then to thieaplited woard be true nor let thy steps tan pout pursu
	layer_12: then to thi aplided word be true nor let thy steps tan pout pursu

file: 4572-112375-0006.flac
expected: he ceased and tara starry eyed thus to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so fraught with bitterness not thus reproached my lord should be and least of all o prince by thee
	layer_2: hi seesd an tar astory id tos tod ean reprinsraplit noto my lo shud's towi tras ispch  so frolt woito betons nottausrproghe do my no shad ba a list ov alo prinspite
	layer_4: his sesed antaoras tory id tes to d enreprinsreplid noto my lod shoulds dow ea tress ispachso frout wit t betenes nottars proage do my loshuld ba an list of al o prin spide
	layer_6: he seazsed and tarars tary eied tes to the enryprincse replied not to my lord should dou atress espache so frout ito be to nece not des reproaced my lourd should be and list of all o prine py dhee
	layer_8: he seized antaras tarry eyd does to the enry prince replied not to my lord should thou adtress aspech so froud or to beeatoness not dos reproach  my lord should be unlist of all o prince by thee
	layer_10: he ceized antaras tariiyd dos to the anry prince replied not to my lord shouldt thou address a spech so prout ort beatones not dos reproach my lord should be unlist of all o prince by thee
	layer_12: he ceized antaras tarri id dos to the anry prince replied not to my lord shouldt thou adress a spech so prout ort beatones not dos reproach my lord should be unlist of all o prince by thee

file: 4572-112375-0007.flac
expected: from paths of truth he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways
	layer_2: from pat suftr khin taveas tras novandrsehin falbaten was
	layer_4: from parts uftru hin naveers tras naw vandrs in folpaed an was
	layer_6: from parts af true hin neverstrase no wanders in falbed and was
	layer_8: from parts of true he never s tras nor wanders in falbidan ways
	layer_10: from parts af true he never stras nor wonders in falbid and ways
	layer_12: from parts af true he never stras nor wonders in falbid and ways

file: 4572-112375-0008.flac
expected: ne'er will sugriva's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_2: thee voudsi re vas hat fokeat by roo saed the lasting dapt
	layer_4: nhervevort ld surevoas hart focket by ram o saved the lasting deapet
	layer_6: nev var wil simrivors heart foccet by ramar saved the lasting deped
	layer_8: nevr wil somrivo's heart forket by rama saved the lasting dapt
	layer_10: neva wil sorevos hart fokat by rama saved the lastingtapt
	layer_12: neva wild sorivos hart fokat by rama saved the lasting dapt

file: 4572-112375-0009.flac
expected: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire o'er the vanar race from ceaseless dread and toil set free restored to ruma and to me by grief and care and exile tried new to the bliss so long denied like visvamitra once alas he marks not how the seasons pass
	layer_2: restop dofa by roas gras to apir ovrd aboner ras from seinstis trard an cil saet fre restol teromar an to me by grefencr and exil trd nhel to t abes so lang dtad nit l vhishu y d a waons alos he mokdot howd osensns prs
	layer_4: risto tofae by ram as gras to epir ovrd habner ras fromseinsles drad andtile sat fre ristol to rumr anto me by greaefen care and ecil trid nel to d aliss so lang tad nid ly vhishommi tra wons alous hi marksdot howd e sensencs pous
	layer_6: restode tho fame by ramar's grase to empire overthe baner rase from sensles dread and toil sat free restolt te roumar and to me by greffand care and excile trid neal to the blis so long ted nigd like vhisamiro wonse alouse he marks not how the sensen's pouws
	layer_8: restored the fame by rama's grae to empire over the barner rase from seinsless dread and toil saet free restoed te roumr and to me by gref and care and exile tried kneeal to the blis so long ded nigt like the hammige o once alous he marks not how the senson's powers
	layer_10: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire over the barner rase from sensless dread and toil set free restored te rumor and to me by grief and care and exile trid kneel to the bliss so long ded night like the shamigo once allows he marks not how the season's powers
	layer_12: restoed to fame by rama's grace to empire over the barner rase from sensless dread and toil set free restored te rumor and to me by grief and care and exile trid kneel to the bliss so long ded night like the shamig o once allows he marks not how the season's powers

file: 4572-112375-0010.flac
expected: the matrons of the vanar race see marks of fury in thy face they see thine eyes like blood are red and will not yet be comforted
	layer_2: the matron subet a voner ras sa malks ofery it diyve fas ta see din yis like blout a ret an antot y adt beco fott
	layer_4: the matren ubed a van eras sa molks o fery itn dive fas dey see din eiyse lake blot ared an wldot yetd becom foutrd
	layer_6: the matrin sobthe vonerase samags of fery in die fas they see dineyes like blod a read and will not yet becomefougterd
	layer_8: the mattrons of the vaner raise samarks of feary in die fase they see din eyes like blood are red and will not yet become foted
	layer_10: the matrons of the vaner rase sy marks of fury in di fhase they see tine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become foted
	layer_12: the matrons of the vane rase sy marks of fery in di fase they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become foted

file: 4572-112375-0011.flac
expected: she ceased and lakshman gave assent won by her gentle argument
	layer_2: she seeust and luchmen gavesent wrn by har joun dl acamant
	layer_4: she sesd and luchman gavearsend wan by her jountl argamant
	layer_6: she seized and luxman gave acend one by her jountal argament
	layer_8: she seized and luchman gave a cent one by herjontale argument
	layer_10: she seized and luchman gave ascent one by hergontal argument
	layer_12: she seized and luchman gave a ssent one by harjontl argument

file: 4572-112375-0012.flac
expected: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_2: so toros petin just and mlb heis soluiny ct hadre con slp
	layer_4: so torospleding just and mild h is soffenin hart had reconsilb
	layer_6: so towrans pleding just and mild hehis sotening hart had reconsild
	layer_8: so taro's pleading just and mild his sofening heeart had reconciled
	layer_10: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_12: so taran's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled

file: 4572-112375-0013.flac
expected: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_2: thert heros sid i wl lot leouv but h te conwest shall a cheu
	layer_4: ther hero sid i will not lyuv but hed he conquest shall a chou
	layer_6: the heros side i will not leave but he e conquest shall atcheeve
	layer_8: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall acheve
	layer_10: the heros sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_12: the heroes sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve

file: 4572-112375-0014.flac
expected: so strong art thou so brave and bold so pure in thought so humble souled that thou deservest well to reign and all a monarch's bliss to gain
	layer_2: sos trong odo so brayv and boe so peari toat sio hobo sod tad dou desouvast wellt ra and all ly monrospisto gan
	layer_4: sostrong ar doa so brave an bold so piarien toullt so humbl sold te dou deserverst wellto ran and alley moneroxplis to gan
	layer_6: so strong arda so brave and beld so pire in talt so humble sold tha dou deservest wel to rain and all ley monerexplis togain
	layer_8: so strong a da so brave and beld so pre in tault so humbled sold thet thou deservest well to rein and all e monrex plic to gain
	layer_10: so strong ar ta so brave and beld so pre antat so humble sold that thou deservest well to rein and all e monrocxblic togain
	layer_12: so strong ar da so brave and bold so pre intaut so humble sold that thou deservest well to rein and all te monrexblis togain

file: 4572-112375-0015.flac
expected: lend thou my brother aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_2: than tow bmy brodr d an al he is fosben it his am wa fo
	layer_4: thantow bmy brauder aed an ol he is fose benit his orm wl fol
	layer_6: lant ow my brader aid and al heis fose bin ite his arm will fl
	layer_8: lantou my brother aid and al hes fose benn at his arm will fal
	layer_10: lantau my brother aid and al hes fos benet his arm will fall
	layer_12: lanta my brother aid and al he's fose benat his arm will fall

file: 6599-38590-0000.flac
expected: whatever hand it was that shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_2: whut ever handit was the chot doun brben ron aftor is da was plundered devistated and raverged by regl gret le sencus an fa naticle soltrk
	layer_4: what ever hand it was the shout doun burben rom after is dagh was plundered devistated and raboged by  brutl gredy lescencius and fanatical solgr
	layer_6: whatever hand it was the chot down burbn rom after his deafh was plundred devistated and rabaged by a brutal greedy lecentious and fanaical solter
	layer_8: whatever hand it was the chot down burbin rome after his deafh was plundered devistated and rabaged by a brutal greety liscentious and panatical soldier
	layer_10: whatever hand it was the shot down burbon rome after his death was plundered devistated and ravaged by a brutal greedy lascentious and panatical soldier
	layer_12: whatever hand it was the shot down burbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by brutal greedy lascentious and phanatical soldier

file: 6599-38590-0001.flac
expected: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_2: warefor fore the futru readust nuthing at al buet upin tus the thim anplace of medin and lwoll bring ore sord fore u to cros prtesting tat the shame of any delay in fiting shl be youoars seing that hene at coms to an an couter ther is  endof ve al rightin
	layer_4: where for for the future rigtus notthing it all but upointus the time and place of meding and wleull bring our sord for u to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yors seing that hene t comes to an incounter there is n end of all rightin
	layer_6: wherefor for the future rigtust nothing at all but a point us the time and place of meting and we wil bring our sord for you to cros protesting that the shame of any delay in fihting shall be yoars seing that when it comes to an incounter there is an end of all riting
	layer_8: wherefore for the future write es nothing at all but apoint us the time ind place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yoours seing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_10: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_12: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing

file: 6599-38590-0002.flac
expected: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_2: ser ansrd the spanoured prom at mated do my oess ansay what the emperhis thard me te say
	layer_4: ser andswered the spanued prm it mated do my office and say what the emper has charg meto say
	layer_6: sir answered the spanued permit me to do my office and say what the emper has charge me to say
	layer_8: sir answered the spanard permit me to do my office and say what the emper has chargedme to say
	layer_10: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has chargedme to say
	layer_12: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say

file: 6599-38590-0003.flac
expected: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent signed by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_2: nay i wil nat lisendoth said francsus if thoudna first give me apatan sime by thi master contaning an apint ment of time andplace sir i havb orderse tr re gu the c ar tel and givat yu aftoorts
	layer_4: nay i will mat lisendo the said frances if thoudon ot first give me apatnt sime by thi master contaning in appintment of time and place sir i have orders doreu thet chartell and givit you aftewards
	layer_6: nay i will not listene to thee said frances if thou donot first give me a pattent sine by thy master containing in appointment of time and place sir i have orders to red you that cartell and give it you afterwards
	layer_8: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you thet cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_10: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a pattent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_12: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a pattent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards

file: 6599-38590-0004.flac
expected: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_2: burginty heotd beingput outd began agan ser
	layer_4: burgandy theugt beeing put out begain again sir
	layer_6: purgandy thout being putout began again sir
	layer_8: burgandy thout being put out began again sir
	layer_10: burgandy ithout being put out began again sir
	layer_12: burgandy without being put out began again sir

file: 6599-38590-0005.flac
expected: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_2: n said frances i wil not seffer him te spetomye befor his given ne uppoineme toftimens lics
	layer_4: nay said frances i will not seffer him to specto mee before his given me upoit ment tof timan lace
	layer_6: nay said frances i will not suffer him to speak to me before his given me appointment of time in lace
	layer_8: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before h as given me appointment of time and place
	layer_10: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he hs given me appointment of time and place
	layer_12: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place

file: 6599-38590-0006.flac
expected: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_2: givut me a weturn as tho isd com
	layer_4: givit me or return as thou ist come
	layer_6: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_8: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_10: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_12: give it me or return as thou hast come

file: 6599-38590-0007.flac
expected: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_2: i m quoit willin sod becin let him hait
	layer_4: i am quite willing said teking let him hat it
	layer_6: i am quite willing said the king let him hav it
	layer_8: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_10: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_12: i am quite willing said the king let him have it

file: 6599-38590-0008.flac
expected: the peace of cambrai was called the ladies peace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessities and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_2: the pes ofe cambry was cal the labe s pese in ounnerof the to princesses who ad goshate it the morally different an of very ony qcol wor they boh had mineds of ar rere order and traneda reckinis pollit ocl the sesseds and noat to a temt any but posibl sexesss
	layer_4: the piece of cambri was cald the leadiys piace in unter of the to princesses who had goshted it the moraly different an a very un equl worth they both had mines of a rar order and traned o rece nise politiocl the cessids and not to atempt anyd but possible sexcesses
	layer_6: the piece of cambri wascalled the ladie's piace in uner of the to princesses who hadgocated it the morily different and a very un equal worth they both had minds of a rar order and traine to reconise political necessitus and not to attempt any but possible sucesses
	layer_8: the piece of cambare wascalled the ladie's piece in honnor of the two princesses who hadegociated it thoug morally different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rar order and train to recognize political necessitudte and not to attempt any but possible sucesses
	layer_10: the piece of cambera was called the ladie's piece in honor of the two princesses who had nagotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_12: the piece of camberi was called the ladie's piece in honor of the two princesses who had nagotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes

file: 6599-38590-0009.flac
expected: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_2: all the grat pl it colacterseemd hering ay from the stage as if the droamawer prothingatst end
	layer_4: all the grat polliticalacter seemed hurying aay from the stage as if the dramawerea proching its end
	layer_6: all the great political actor seemed hurying away from the stage as if the drama wereapproaching its end
	layer_8: all the great political actor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_10: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_12: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end

file: 6599-38591-0000.flac
expected: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_2: in fiftinsixty t at the batl of dr he was aged an so il bthat nunexpec the doe ce him on horsph
	layer_4: infiften sixty to at the battle of dr he was aged an so ild bthat non expecte docee him on horseptea
	layer_6: in fifteen sixty too at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horsepa
	layer_8: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseba
	layer_10: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_12: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dru he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback

file: 6599-38591-0001.flac
expected: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our king
	layer_2: he fully arm savb lnly his had ansered him rit wel ser thisis the re l metison that hafh curd mea for the batol which es toword and u prparing for the oner of godan ar cam
	layer_4: he fully arm save only is head answered him righte well ser thises the reall metisom that hafh cured mea for the battol which is toward and up prparing for the oner of gaod an aur cam
	layer_6: he fully arm save only is head answered him wriht well sir this is the real metison that hate cured me for the battle which is toward and a proparing for the honor of god and our cam
	layer_8: he fully arm save only his head answered him writ well sir this is the real medicine that hate cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our camp
	layer_10: he fully armed save only his head answered him write well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our camp
	layer_12: he fully armed save only his head answered him writ well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our camp

file: 6599-38591-0002.flac
expected: the ladies peace concluded at cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_2: te latis peas cocoudrdic cambry ind iftine tony nine lasted up tof fiftemn thirty sit insessently troble thhoevber by farfrompssif exemptims prcedings andperbaratioencs
	layer_4: the laty's peas concuded a camberiy and fifeteeme tonn nine lasted up to fifteen thirty sixt insessently trouble th hoever by far from pcifexcemptims prceedings and prpearations
	layer_6: the ladis pieace concluded a cambra in fifteen twenty nine last ed up to fifteen thirty six incessently troubled  however by far from pacificcimptoms proceedings and peparations
	layer_8: the lady's peace concluded a camber in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_10: the ladys peace concluded at camberi in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_12: the lady's peace concluded at camberi in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations

file: 6599-38591-0003.flac
expected: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_2: at las e te sided upon retreating
	layer_4: at las e decited upon retreeting
	layer_6: at las he decided upon retreating
	layer_8: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_10: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_12: at last he decided upon retreating

file: 6599-38591-0004.flac
expected: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_2: it was gars alaso dilovaga the prince of spanish posy tespanishd pecturrk a cordimg to hs fell o counturmen
	layer_4: it was garsilasso dillavaga the princ of spanish posy the spanishd prethurark accordig to his felocountrmen
	layer_6: it was garsilaso dilaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanished prechurark according to his fellow countriment
	layer_8: it was garsilaso delaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanished petherark according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_10: it was garsilaso delavega the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarc according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_12: it was garsilaso delaviga the prince of spanish posi the spanish petrarc according to his fellow countrymen

file: 6599-38591-0005.flac
expected: montmorency signed a similar one for piedmont
	layer_2: momor an the sinedisimar on forped m
	layer_4: momore ente sind a simelar onen for ped m
	layer_6: momarency sind a similar one for pedma
	layer_8: momarenci signed a similar one for pedma
	layer_10: momarenci signed a similar one for pedma
	layer_12: momarenci signed a similar one for pedma

file: 6599-38591-0006.flac
expected: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_2: they al repared togoter to the hos propard for ther re seption and afterdiner the emper being tiredd lay dounde rest n ecouth quen ellaner befor long went antaptet his dor and sent oard to the king the the ember was awi
	layer_4: they all repared together to the house propard for ther wreseption and afterdiner the imperr being tired lay dounderest n acouch quen elaner before long went antapted his dor and sen ord to the king that the empr ar was awak
	layer_6: they all repared together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the imperor being tired lay down o rest on a couch queen elenor before long went andtapet atd his door and sent ord to the king that the empror was awake
	layer_8: they all repared together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eliner beforelong went and tapped at his door and sent ord to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_10: they all repared together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went and tapped at his door and sent ords to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_12: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went and tapped at his door and sent ord to the king that the emperor was awake

file: 6599-38591-0007.flac
expected: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de montmorency soon arrived
	layer_2: frences with the carnald the larin and the costbie the le mor antcy so erihed
	layer_4: francese with thecarnald the larain and the comstible theml more ancy soonaried
	layer_6: francis with the carinal de larain and the constible the mo moreency soon ariped
	layer_8: francis with the carinal de larein and the confstable te momoranc soon arived
	layer_10: francis with the cardinal de lorin and the conftable de momoranci soon arrived
	layer_12: francis with the cardinal de loren and the conftable de momorenci soon arrived

file: 6599-38591-0008.flac
expected: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_2: un entering the chamber he fon the emper stio laing doun and chain with is sisted cquen owase ded thesihd him mon the char
	layer_4: un entering the chamber he foun the emper or still lang down and chating with his sistee dequeen who was seeded beside him mon a chaire
	layer_6: on entering the chamber he found the emporor still lang down and chadding with his siste thequeen who was seeted beside him on a chair
	layer_8: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lyng down and shatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_10: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_12: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair

file: 6599-38591-0009.flac
expected: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_2: yes sad charls i ad mad such ther tat i was ablidge to sle pet f
	layer_4: yes said charls i had made such cher that i was ablige to slepit ogh
	layer_6: yes said charls i had made such chear that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_8: yes said charls i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_10: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_12: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off

file: 6599-38591-0010.flac
expected: francis did the converse with his own collar
	layer_2: freansstd the canbers with his on coller
	layer_4: ferencestid the conbers with is own coller
	layer_6: francestd the conbers with his own collor
	layer_8: feranc stod the conberse with his own collar
	layer_10: francis stoid the converse with his own collar
	layer_12: francis stid the converse with his own collar

file: 6599-38591-0011.flac
expected: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_2: only seven of the attenins remaind in the ieprsthamber and there the two saverens convirst for n ouer after whichthymove to d hal whr splended supper a waitidthe
	layer_4: only seven of the attendents remaind in the iemperrs chamber and there the to saverens convirst for an houer after which they moved to the hall where isplended super awaited them
	layer_6: only seven of the attendence remained in the imperor's chamber and there the two saverans converset for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splended supper awaited them
	layer_8: only seven of the attendante remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverins conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_10: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_12: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them

file: 6599-38591-0012.flac
expected: the ghentese pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_2: the gentis tleded ther prilig of not being lible to betaxt withu therond consent
	layer_4: the gainties pleaded their privblagee of not beeing libled to betaxd without thei rownd consent
	layer_6: the gainties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without thei rowne concent
	layer_8: the genties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_10: the gantes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_12: the gantes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent

file: 6599-38591-0013.flac
expected: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_2: orters had benchent ofrwr e t wrese him as kins of francs a recemed un ther jius asesh
	layer_4: orders had bencent everywere  to wresive him as kings of frantes a recaved on ther joius a seshn
	layer_6: orders had been sent everywhere to recive him as kings of franc ar received on their joyous afsession
	layer_8: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous asession
	layer_10: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous asession
	layer_12: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on thei joyous ascession

file: 5543-27761-0000.flac
expected: lelechka was a delightful child
	layer_2: wllch cuas i doightful child
	layer_4: wlll uch gol was  do igtful child
	layer_6: loluch go was a dewigteful child
	layer_8: lolachga was a deigtful child
	layer_10: lolachka was a delightful child
	layer_12: lolachka was a delightful child

file: 5543-27761-0001.flac
expected: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_2: thet was no ther such chid thrn eaerhadvin and ther never woildby
	layer_4: thre was now ther such child ther nover had ven and their never wildby
	layer_6: there was now ther such child ther never had been and their never would be
	layer_8: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_10: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_12: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be

file: 5543-27761-0002.flac
expected: lelechka's mother serafima aleksandrovna was sure of that
	layer_2: willuch is mother saereh molem jrove no wash sher that
	layer_4: wi luech gas mother saref malexsem jrovena was shur of that
	layer_6: le luchgaus mother sarfm alecsemjrovna was sure of that
	layer_8: lelechka's mother sarphema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_10: lolechka's mother sarphima alexanddrovna was sure of that
	layer_12: lelechka's mother sarphima alexandrovna was sure of that

file: 5543-27761-0003.flac
expected: lelechka's eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_2: lolt chus is weredrkn lirge hercheax erosy herloprmad foricisses in frl after
	layer_4: lolich his eyes were dark in large her cheaks e rowsy her loopk r made forecisses and forlaftr
	layer_6: loich is eyes were dark an large her cheeks a rosy her lopked her made for kisses and for lafter
	layer_8: loich has eyes were dark and large her cheeks a rosy her loks er made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_10: lolich h's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her loopks are made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_12: loich h's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her loopks are made for kisses and for laughter

file: 5543-27761-0004.flac
expected: but it was not these charms in lelechka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_2: but t was not tes chimes nlluchcat the gave her mother the kinistroy
	layer_4: but it was not lese chims in wil luchged the gave her mother the ken estroy
	layer_6: but it was not lease charms ind wel luchgod the gave her mother the kenes droy
	layer_8: but it was not thease charms an will luchgod that gave her mother the keenest droy
	layer_10: but it was not theese charmsind well lachgod that gave her mother the keenest droy
	layer_12: but it was not theese charms an will lachgod that gave her mother the keenest droy

file: 5543-27761-0005.flac
expected: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_2: she hot cod wither husben
	layer_4: she feut cold with heir husben
	layer_6: she felt cold with her husban
	layer_8: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_10: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_12: she felt cold with her husband

file: 5543-27761-0006.flac
expected: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_2: hwis ow is fression col with friged smll an  whever he past colld curincingtomoven the are
	layer_4: he was o as fresion col with e friged smile and wever he past cold curnceem to moven the ar
	layer_6: he was always fresh and cool with a friged smile and whever he passed cold curont seemedt mov in the air
	layer_8: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and whever he passed cold currentce seemed to move in the air
	layer_10: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold current seemed to move in the air
	layer_12: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold current seemed to move in the air

file: 5543-27761-0007.flac
expected: it even seemed to serafima aleksandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_2: it even seemedac saro  me ousonderveano that she was n lobither feu teraswen and this mat her hapy
	layer_4: iteven seemed ac seir o fe ma alan droveno that she was nd lu wi ther feuture usbmen and this mae her happy
	layer_6: it even seemedtoatsaira fema alc and drvna that she was in lobewith her futer husban and this made her happy
	layer_8: it even seemed to aera phema alxandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_10: it even seemed to axera pema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_12: it even seemed to axera phema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy

file: 5543-27761-0008.flac
expected: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_2: the brie was tl si gi liking she was a t al  darkede dar cha gro ome onttmind bat ter tactfl
	layer_4: the brad was al so good looking she was a tall dark id darc ard gro some mot timid but ver y tactful
	layer_6: the bred was also good looking she was a tall dark ed dark hared girow soe whant timid but very tactful
	layer_8: the bred was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark hared grow somewhate timid but very tactful
	layer_10: the bred was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired grolw somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_12: the bred was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girow somewhat timid but very tactful

file: 5543-27761-0009.flac
expected: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_2: he had conections an his wife kim of gooddd invoanshalpeapl
	layer_4: he had conections and his wifh came of good imvl enchall people
	layer_6: he had connections ind his wife came of good imvlential people
	layer_8: he had connections and his wife came of good infolential people
	layer_10: he had connextions and his wife came of good inflauential people
	layer_12: he had connextions and his wife came of good influential people

file: 5543-27761-0010.flac
expected: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_2: this miht ot the prarourtnity pro ucl
	layer_4: this miht ot the proaperopertnity provustl
	layer_6: this might at the properoportunity prove usul
	layer_8: this might at the proper opportunity prove usful
	layer_10: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_12: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful

file: 5543-27761-0011.flac
expected: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergey modestovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_2: aftr ther marge ther was nothing in the maner of sariif lofthe stovicgeh d sujust anything ron to is wif
	layer_4: after their marage thre was nothing in the manner of sarga loter stovaceh do suxjust anything rong to his wife
	layer_6: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sargamlet a stovace to suxgest anything rong to his wife
	layer_8: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of syrgmeastovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_10: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of syrgamladastovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_12: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of syrgamladostovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife

file: 5543-27761-0012.flac
expected: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergey modestovich established connexions elsewhere of a light and temporary nature
	layer_2: later heover hon his wive was bu to heava child sargame othe stofvichu stallish conections elswr of the lighte andtm rary nater
	layer_4: later howaver when his wie was bouto have a chiled sairgame wothe stovich estawlish conections elswear of the light antemperary natur
	layer_6: later however when his wife was bout to have a child sairgameweother stovichestablish conections elsewere of the light intemperary nature
	layer_8: later however when his wife was about to have a child srgamematestovich established connections elsewhere of te light and temporary nature
	layer_10: later however when his wife was about to have a child syrgamaldastovitch established connextions elsewhere of ta light and temporary nature
	layer_12: later however when his wife was about to have a child syrgammaldastovitch established connextions elsewhere of a light and temporary nature

file: 5543-27761-0013.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna found this out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infant with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_2: sairefeve alxendroven u fon the souch an do herownistoishmren s noperta uloli her she waded her inven wi the reslessento supation a swalod evereother feing
	layer_4: serefeme alexs in drovena fon the souch an to her own istanshmaent s notprto ulowly hert she waided her infhint wth a reslescinti suppation that swallowd everiother feling
	layer_6: serfema alecs end drovena found the souch and to her ownestanshment wwas not prticularly her she awaited her infint wth a resless intisipation hat swallowed every other feeling
	layer_8: ser phema alexendrovena foud the souch and to her own astonshment was not particularly her she awaited her infint with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_10: syra phima alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infinte with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_12: syraphima alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infinte with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling

file: 5543-27761-0014.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_2: sarvff e  alsenjome nlegyouife ted far ther and far therwaefrom him
	layer_4: sarfeme alexsin jrome negif ted farther and farther wa from him
	layer_6: sarfema alec and jrobnegifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_8: sarphema alexand dromna gifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_10: sarphema alexan drovna difted farther and farther away from him
	layer_12: sarphima alexand drovana drifted farther and farther away from him

file: 5543-27761-0015.flac
expected: lelechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_2: wluch coe thenran a way sembing wth her plomek lt a legs rv i the carpits and hitter solf behine the curtans nar her bead
	layer_4: we luch good then ranaway staembing with her plump little legesrevwer t e carpits and hider sulf behind the curtans neear her bed
	layer_6: we lutch go then ran away stambing with her plump little legs overe the carpets and hid herself behind the curtain's near her bed
	layer_8: letchgo then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_10: ulechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_12: ulechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed

file: 5543-27761-0016.flac
expected: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelechka and made believe that she did not see her
	layer_2: wa as my ba be gir the mother a sisshy lookt frololuchcon may bolieve that she ded notsye her
	layer_4: whe is my ba be girol the mother asi she looke frlla lutchgon mayd belive that she dod not se her
	layer_6: wheris my baby girl the mother as is she looked forilaluchan may believe that she did not see her
	layer_8: where is my baby girl the mother askd as she looked for laluchca may believe that she did not see her
	layer_10: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lalachad may believe that she did not see her
	layer_12: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lalachkad may believe that she did not see her

file: 5543-27761-0017.flac
expected: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lelechka
	layer_2: than she came at a lit a farther and her mother ase she had olegus cot side of her sees e thr by hear lit l sholters an exclame juia sly har shis mi la lechke
	layer_4: then she came at a little farther and her mother as oe she had ownleagus cot side of her sese her by her little sholders in exclame joi ausly hear she is mi la lechka
	layer_6: then she came at a little farther and her mother as o she had only jous caught sighte of her seeized her by her little shoulders in exclaime joyiously here she is mylaluchca
	layer_8: then she came at a little farther and her mother as ough she had only just caught sighdt of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously heres she is my lalutchca
	layer_10: then she came ut a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is mylalachka
	layer_12: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is maylalachka

file: 5543-27761-0018.flac
expected: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_2: her mothers eys glodritd passion ind amotion
	layer_4: her mother's is glod with passion int amotion
	layer_6: her mother's eyes glowd with passin it amotion
	layer_8: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_10: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_12: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion

file: 5543-27761-0019.flac
expected: her mother went to hide
	layer_2: here other went to hid
	layer_4: her mther ont to hid
	layer_6: her mother want to hid
	layer_8: her mother want to hade
	layer_10: her mother want to hide
	layer_12: her mother want to hide

file: 5543-27761-0020.flac
expected: lelechka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_2: whe letchgod trnd owas theurnoutchos but wa hommmuch ce stufly all the time
	layer_4: whe luch good turned oways theou nocha ca but whath hrom amuch ca stouthully al the time
	layer_6: lie lech good turned aways though not cho see but watched herma much gu stouthuly all the time
	layer_8: liluchgod turned away as though not to see but watched her mamucha steuthily all the time
	layer_10: lilachka turned away as though not to se but watched her mamuchka stouthily all the time
	layer_12: lilachka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamuchka steouthily all the time

file: 5543-27761-0021.flac
expected: where's my mamochka asked lelechka
	layer_2: whers mana moch gr as la luchkr
	layer_4: were s mamean moch ga as low luchca
	layer_6: where is mama mochga ask lo luchca
	layer_8: where is mamamachka asked loluchka
	layer_10: where is mama machka aked lalacka
	layer_12: where is mama mochka asked lolachka

file: 5543-27761-0022.flac
expected: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_2: a sniilt asol blis plat oun her redles
	layer_4: a smil of apsolive blis plate on her redlis
	layer_6: a smil of absoly bliss plaide on her red lips
	layer_8: a smile of absolue bliss played on her red lips
	layer_10: a smile of absolute blis played on her red lips
	layer_12: a smile of absolute blis played on her red lips

file: 5543-27761-0023.flac
expected: lelechka was getting nearer her mother's corner
	layer_2: e lech cos getting near her mothers conon
	layer_4: we lechcos getting nere her mother's cone
	layer_6: wo letch gos getting near her mother's connor
	layer_8: w letch goes getting near her mother's conner
	layer_10: let goes getting near her mother's conner
	layer_12: letc goes getting near her mother's coner

file: 5543-27761-0024.flac
expected: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_2: heme mother was yurin morvsored evei moment by her antrust an the ging her hart bet with shrt cuixtrokon she prest eveng closer sh o the wl do saranging her hars tell mor
	layer_4: her mother was gring mor obsorbed every moment by her antrust in the gaie her hart beat with short quick stroks in she prest even closter to the wall to suranging her haire stell mor
	layer_6: her mother was grwying more obsorbed every moment by her interest in the gaime her heart beat with short quick stroks and she pressed even closter to the wall to sarranging her hair still more
	layer_8: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_10: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_12: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more

file: 5543-27761-0025.flac
expected: lelechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_2: wut lech co seddlyglancs tarter mothers crnerin green dud jy
	layer_4: wut lech ca suddenly glancse tooart her mothers coarneran greem d roedh joy
	layer_6: wet letchca suddenly glanced towared her mother's corner and greemed with joy
	layer_8: beluchca suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and creamed with joy
	layer_10: bulechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_12: butlechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and creamed with joy

file: 5543-27761-0026.flac
expected: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_2: og the havf cles dos he her the lafter the jise at ceed the sound o romnping
	layer_4: though the hav clos dos he her the lafter the joyc at cis the sownd of romping
	layer_6: trough the half close doos he hear the laugfter the joyouc outcris the sound of romping
	layer_8: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_10: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of ramping
	layer_12: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of ramping

file: 5543-27761-0027.flac
expected: even fedosya felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_2: evenforodo siel ta bashd nouor hemisteres towfor herselvf
	layer_4: even fodosya tel to bashed nou er her misteres now for hrself
	layer_6: even fodocia thelto bashed nowvor her mistres now for herself
	layer_8: even fidocia felt bashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_10: even fidocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_12: even fidocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself

file: 5543-27761-0028.flac
expected: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by serafima aleksandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_2: he liet coming har where aeverything was beutoafly  ranged this was don by sarfm malxendroven who wishd o serounder loittla gir from herbvary inancey onnlywid the lovgly isthings
	layer_4: he liket coming har where averything was beautifle aranged this was don by sarefe m alexcendrovena who wishd a sirround her little girl from her very invancy only wit the lovelias things
	layer_6: he liked coming hr where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarphema aleccendrovna who wished tos sturound her little girl from her very inpancy only with the lovelies things
	layer_8: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarphema alexendrovna who wished to suround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_10: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_12: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things

file: 5543-27761-0029.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lelechka with the same end in view
	layer_2: sarve te musandro nedreustersolf tacefoly this st she ded forel a luchga would be same and in bio
	layer_4: sarte molksan dro na drest her solf tacefuly this tou she did forla luchga woulh the same and an vyeu
	layer_6: cartem alc and dron a dressd herself tastfully this too she did for laluchga woulh the same and inview
	layer_8: sarthima alxandromna dressed herself tastfully this too she did for loluchka with the same end in view
	layer_10: sarathima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for laolachka with the same end in view
	layer_12: saraphima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lalachka with the same end in view

file: 5543-27761-0030.flac
expected: one thing sergey modestovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_2: on hin sargim ota stovitch had not pycom rickcincsiut and tis was his wiese omens continen os presentin the nersery
	layer_4: one thing sargam ot a stovich had no become rakand siled to and this was his wikes omus contone oa s presence in the nersery
	layer_6: one thing sir game atestovich had not become reck onsiled to and this was his wifes omust contineuoust presence in the nurstory
	layer_8: one thing sirgaatastovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's omost continuoust presence in the nursery
	layer_10: one thing syrgaymotystovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's amost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_12: one thing syrgaymotystovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's amost continuous presence in the nursery

file: 5543-27761-0031.flac
expected: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisive and condescending smile
	layer_2: it s hus es e fhotin e that rad findu hear he sad withthe diras iving condesending s mil
	layer_4: it's cjest as i fot ine that ad find ou hear he said with a dirisivin condesending smile
	layer_6: it's just as i thought i knew that it find you here he said with a dirazivin condecending smile
	layer_8: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derizivn condescending smile
	layer_10: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derizivn condescending smile
	layer_12: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a durizivan condescending smile

file: 5543-27761-0032.flac
expected: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to serafima aleksandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_2: mal us see that the chilld chould fealis on indo bi durallity heexlandin ancsere dearfy e elutsendur o neus pusled lantcs
	layer_4: marly you ce that the child ud felas on ind o bi derality heexland in ancser esare fen a oau sendr of ness pusl glance
	layer_6: mearely you see that the chirl houd feel its own into viduality he explained an answer decarfea alc cenjure of ness puzled glance
	layer_8: mearly you see that the chairld should feel its own inividurality he explained in answer ta caraphema alecendrovna's puzled glance
	layer_10: merly you see that the charld should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to syraphima alexandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_12: mearly you see that the charld should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to saraphima alexandrovna's puzzled glance

file: 5543-27761-0033.flac
expected: she's still so little said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: she stel so litlsaid sarefy me alecxin yrove
	layer_4: she stell so littlesaid sarf y ma al exccin jrova
	layer_6: she still so little said sarfema alicenjrovna
	layer_8: she still so little said sarphema alexanjrova
	layer_10: she's still so little said sarophima alexandrovna
	layer_12: she's still so little said saraphima alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0034.flac
expected: i don't insist it's your kingdom there
	layer_2: i duntinsis itsurkindom hear
	layer_4: i doungencist its youre kingdem hear
	layer_6: i don'tansist it's your kingdom here
	layer_8: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_10: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_12: i don't insist it's your kingdom here

file: 5543-27761-0035.flac
expected: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_2: ofthincat over his wif ancsor smiling a s he dd codlee but ginaly
	layer_4: ofthinket over his wife ancswern smiling as he did cold le but genialy
	layer_6: il think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_8: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_10: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_12: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually

file: 5543-27761-0036.flac
expected: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_2: then thayt began e tak ot someving es
	layer_4: then they begand e tak of something ouse
	layer_6: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_8: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_10: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_12: then they began to talk of something else

file: 5543-27761-0037.flac
expected: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_2: that the mistrestesit whilw thatson thim ut that theyon lady desit thas pad
	layer_4: that the misterestes it while that's one thimg but that the young lady dos it thats bad
	layer_6: that the mistres stes it while that's one thing but that the young lady dos it that's bad
	layer_8: that the mistess does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_10: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_12: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad

file: 5543-27761-0038.flac
expected: why asked fedosya with curiosity
	layer_2: wh as fe dosyot ceriyosity
	layer_4: whyes foo dos yoth cariosity
	layer_6: why askfadociath ceriosity
	layer_8: why askd fidosio ith curiosity
	layer_10: why asked fidosio with curiosity
	layer_12: why asked pidosio with curiosity

file: 5543-27761-0039.flac
expected: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_2: thisexpetion a cari ositi give her face tof loo tho  woodin roufly pantod dal
	layer_4: this uxpresion a caryiosita gave her face te look of a wouod in rohly pang to dall
	layer_6: this expression o curiosity gave her faced the look of a woodin rugfhly pain to dall
	layer_8: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a woodden roughly painto doll
	layer_10: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a woodden roughly painted doll
	layer_12: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll

file: 5543-27761-0040.flac
expected: yes that's bad repeated agathya with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_2: yes thats bid repedetago hyo i ton viction tearid ly bad wel
	layer_4: yes that's bid repeted agot ioa i conviction teribly bad well
	layer_6: yes that's bad repeated to gotiic onviction terribly bad well
	layer_8: yes that's bad repeated agoioic onviction terribly bad well
	layer_10: yes that's bad repeated agaioic conviction terribly bad well
	layer_12: yes that's bad repeated agaioic conviction terribly bad well

file: 5543-27761-0041.flac
expected: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agathya went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_2: it s the tro fem saing ere mumber my wrd sagac ha wen one of the saneas shurens an secresy
	layer_4: it's the tr fime saing were member my word s agacka wen on with the same as shure ensand securcy
	layer_6: it's the true tfime saing weremember my words agacka went on with the same asureensan secrecy
	layer_8: it's the trut i'm saying eremember my words agachia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_10: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agahia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_12: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agachia went on with the same assurance and secrecy

file: 5543-27761-0042.flac
expected: it's the surest sign
	layer_2: its the sarsdt sin
	layer_4: it's the surest sine
	layer_6: it's the surest signe
	layer_8: it's the shurest sign
	layer_10: it's the sherest sign
	layer_12: it's the sherest sign

file: 5543-27761-0043.flac
expected: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_2: thell women hadin vente thes sing quigt sudenelay hersel and she was eveedently very proart ofvbi
	layer_4: theould oman had n vented the sine quite suddenly herself and she was eve idently very prout of it
	layer_6: the old woman had envented this signe quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_8: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_10: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_12: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it

file: 5543-27761-0044.flac
expected: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_2: mat a matem she said quintlean a chrmbling ic
	layer_4: mat a mattum she said quintly in a chrembling gice
	layer_6: mata maam she said quintly in a crembling voice
	layer_8: mada madam she said quintly in a thrembling voice
	layer_10: madame madame she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_12: madam madame she said quietly in a trembling voice

file: 5543-27761-0045.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna gave a start
	layer_2: sar f m alxsndrovini ge vestart
	layer_4: sere fe m allex an droven geveas start
	layer_6: sairifema alecs and jrven i give a start
	layer_8: sarphema alexand drovana gave a start
	layer_10: saraphiema alexandrovana gave a start
	layer_12: saraphima alexandrovana gave a start

file: 5543-27761-0046.flac
expected: fedosya's face made her anxious
	layer_2: the oisfacnat her ancthos
	layer_4: tud ot usfacemate her enctios
	layer_6: badotius face made her ancious
	layer_8: vadotias face made her anxious
	layer_10: fadotia's face made her anxious
	layer_12: fadotia's face made her anxious

file: 5543-27761-0047.flac
expected: what is it fedosya she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lelechka
	layer_2: whut isit frd o sa sheas wha graconsirm as erniting rong wa gllechke
	layer_4: what is it fidosya she as wit grea conserm as er anything rong wit gle luchka
	layer_6: what is it fidocia she aske with gre concerm as ther anything wrong with glo luchca
	layer_8: what is it pidosia she akd with grek concern as ther anything wrong with loluchka
	layer_10: what is it phidosia she asked with greek concern as there anything wrong with lolachka
	layer_12: what is it phidosia she asked with greek concern as there anything wrong with loluchka

file: 5543-27761-0048.flac
expected: no madam said fedosya as she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_2: no matom sad fidosiy ashe gustiulied with herhanse to riisur himistres and to make eresi doan
	layer_4: now matum sid fidosy a she justiulaed with hr hanse to reasure her mistres and to make hre sit doan
	layer_6: no madam said fadocia she justiculated with her handse to reasure her mistress and to make her sit dom
	layer_8: no madam said pidocia she justiculated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit dowm
	layer_10: no madam said phidocia she justiculated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_12: no madam said phidocia she jesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down

file: 5543-27761-0049.flac
expected: lelechka is asleep may god be with her
	layer_2: thelechc as the slete make id be with her
	layer_4: the lechc as e sleeat make id be with her
	layer_6: thelechgas a slee makegoid be with her
	layer_8: the letchk as asleep mayke god be with her
	layer_10: the lechk as asleep may god be with her
	layer_12: the lechk as asleep may god be with her

file: 5543-27761-0050.flac
expected: only i'd like to say something you see lelechka is always hiding herself that's not good
	layer_2: onllhe ad likecto saceom thing eu s wlelech cas owas hiding erself that as nont geid
	layer_4: only ag like to saseome thing you se wil luchgas alwas higding orself that is not god
	layer_6: only id like to say something you see wli luch gase always highding ourself that is not good
	layer_8: only i'd like to say something you see liluchga 's always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_10: only i'd like to say something you see lilachka is always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_12: only i'd like to say something you see lilechka is always hiding ourself that is not good

file: 5543-27761-0051.flac
expected: i can't tell you how bad it is said fedosya and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_2: a cnt tel you how batitis said fidost yar an herfacexpresd the mosttesieed comfidence
	layer_4: i cant tell you how battitis said fidost ya and her face expresd the most tosited comfidence
	layer_6: i can't tell you how bat it is said fadocia and her face expressd the most decited confidence
	layer_8: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidosia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_10: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_12: i can't tell you how bad it is said phedocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence

file: 5543-27761-0052.flac
expected: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_2: ider sin nutthing afwoa your sang
	layer_4: inder sain nothing a bou you re sang
	layer_6: i nderstand nothing of whu you are saing
	layer_8: i understand nothing of bhat you are saying
	layer_10: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_12: i understand nothing of what you are saying

file: 5543-27761-0053.flac
expected: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fedosya abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_2: he see mat om mits a cend o omen explains fitose a bruply ana shame fasitd way
	layer_4: he see mat a mit's a cindhofe omen explains fitou se a bruply and a shame facid way
	layer_6: he see mada mit'sa kind of omen explainsfitosiabruply and a shame face ad way
	layer_8: yhe see mada mit's a kind of omen explainds pviosiabruptly ind a shame faced way
	layer_10: yoe see madam it's a kind of omen explaineds pidosia abruptly in a shame faced way
	layer_12: yoe see madam it's a kind of omin explaineds phidosia abruptly in a shame faced way

file: 5543-27761-0054.flac
expected: nonsense said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: nonense sisaire fe molecxson jrarvere
	layer_4: nonsenc sidsarf mal exand jrvne
	layer_6: noncens sid sarifm alicx an jervna
	layer_8: nonsens said sariphema alexand jeovna
	layer_10: nonsense said syraphima alexand jrovna
	layer_12: nonsense said saraphima alexand jerovna

file: 5543-27761-0055.flac
expected: who told you all this asked serafima aleksandrovna in an austere low voice
	layer_2: who toll dyou al this asaer e m alixonderof nan innou steyar lo vboice
	layer_4: who told you al this asarf y m alexan dr ov ne in inou styar lo voice
	layer_6: who told you all this ae  erfy ma alexenjrn an enou st eaur low voice
	layer_8: who told you all this askd sarphi ma alexendrvna ind ino str low voice
	layer_10: who told you all this asked saroiphima alexandrovna in inotr low voice
	layer_12: who told you all this asked saraphima alexandrovna in inotr low voice

file: 5543-27761-0056.flac
expected: knows exclaimed serafima aleksandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_2: nows exclame sarfe malxsen durvnon eartation as teshe wih to pretecctersel som hofrom the sudnengxity
	layer_4: nos exclame sarif ma alesandr ovfenen earitation as thir she wish to prtecturself som how from the suddenenxidy
	layer_6: nos exclaime sarifema aliccenjr of non iritation as though she wished to prtect herself some how from this sudden enxiety
	layer_8: nos exclaimed seraphema alexendrovnan iritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_10: nos exclaimed saraphema alexandrovnaan irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_12: nos exclaimed saraphema alexandrovnan irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety

file: 5543-27761-0057.flac
expected: what nonsense as though lelechka could die
	layer_2: what nonsencs as lolabuchpoad coul dy
	layer_4: want nonsence as tho la luchcould could dy
	layer_6: wat nonsence as though teluch could could di
	layer_8: what nonsense as though te lutchcoold could die
	layer_10: what nonsense as though te lutchcod could die
	layer_12: what nonsense as though te luch cood could die

file: 5543-27761-0058.flac
expected: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connexion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_2: she sal clily that ther could be thoiposble conection beat wen a childs quit ordednarie d evrsionand thet centinwation f the child slife
	layer_4: she sow claly that their could be ne possible conection beth wen at childs quiete ordenare ti verson and the contouwation of the chiled slife
	layer_6: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection bethween a childs quite ordenarye diversion and the continuwation of the child's life
	layer_8: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_10: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_12: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life

file: 5543-27761-0059.flac
expected: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts returned involuntarily to the fact that lelechka loved to hide herself
	layer_2: she ma ta spesiual efort thatye ning to oke py her mine with o ther maters thut r thote sternd imon tariliys bet tfact at waluch cl lob dohittersol
	layer_4: she mat e special effor that evening to okyby her mine with other matters but er thogts thurnd amon tarilieds befhackt at wieluch cal lub do hiter seulf
	layer_6: she made a special effer that evening to occepby her mind with other matters but her thought turnd in moln tarilies befhackt that will luch ca lubed to hiht herself
	layer_8: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in molntarilis tet fact that willlutchka lub to hide herself
	layer_10: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in voluntarilyt the fact that wilachka loved to hide herself
	layer_12: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in voluntarilyt the fact that wilachka loved to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0060.flac
expected: when lelechka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_2: wen le luch tlo was stol quites mal and hav lernde distingwhish we heen her mother an her nears she somtins iting an hernershs oms mata see rogishcromess and hader lafing fa sind the nersis sholter
	layer_4: when the luchca was sti quitesmal and have larnde distinguish be hween her mother an her ners she sometimes idting an her nerse his arms made a sudden' rogishgremiss and hader lahing face an the nersas sholder
	layer_6: when the luchc was still quite small and have learned a distinguish between her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse his arms made a sudden rogish grmis and hier laughing face in the nurcees shoulder
	layer_8: when theluchga was still quite small and had learned o distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurseas arms made a sudden roggish grumis and hid her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_10: when leluchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grmas and hid her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_12: when leluchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimac and hid her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder

file: 5543-27761-0061.flac
expected: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_2: then she wit loocouif the sli uats
	layer_4: then she wul look ow wit the sli gancs
	layer_6: then she would look outwith a slie glance
	layer_8: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_10: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_12: then she would look out with a sly glance

file: 5543-27761-0062.flac
expected: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not enter wholeheartedly into the spirit of lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_2: the sherapra shouself at woncs for this un founded sepresticiou strad nefvi the les she cod not ender hol heardedglnse be speared lleluchc as favertgame and she tede devvrt lielluc c aos the tention do some thing elncs
	layer_4: theure she reprace shouself at once for this un founded seprestiioustrad never the lus she coul not ender hol hardedlinghe the speared leluch cus favort game and she tride di verit leluch cas thae tention to something euce
	layer_6: though she reproacesherself at once for this unfoundid supersticioustread never the les she could not ender whole hartedly into the spird leluchgase favorit game and shetridta divert leluch case attention to something else
	layer_8: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly into the spiartd lluchka's favourite game and she tried to diverte liluchca's attention to something else
	layer_10: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not end her whole heartedly into the spirit loluchka's favorite game and she tried to divert lelachca's attention to something else
	layer_12: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not end her whole heartedly into the spirit laluchka's favourite game and she tried to diverte lelachca's attention to something else

file: 5543-27761-0063.flac
expected: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_2: she eer ly comlideor thi mothers ne wsies
	layer_4: she egerly complid wrf their mother's ne wishes
	layer_6: she egerly complied withther mother's new wishes
	layer_8: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_10: she eagerly complied with heir mother's new wishes
	layer_12: she eagerly complied with heir mother's new wishes

file: 5543-27761-0064.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna tried desperately to amuse lelechka
	layer_2: sarfe m alecxsan jronat thri despratly to ims blchkr
	layer_4: saref ma alecsand jre nat thrie desperatly tom amuws ochca
	layer_6: sarphima alecan jona tried desperately to  amuse goucca
	layer_8: sarphima alexand jomna tried desperately to  amuse elucka
	layer_10: sarphima alexandjrona tried desperately to amuse golecka
	layer_12: sarphima alexandjrona tried desperately to  amuse golechka

file: 5543-27761-0065.flac
expected: perhaps thought serafima aleksandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_2: berhaps thut sairfye h alacsunjrovenen shes not es stronly jrounto the worl tas other children who a tracted by many tings
	layer_4: per haps thaut sire fe ae alex sund jovena shes not as strongly jron to the worl tas other children who ad tracted by many things
	layer_6: er haps thut sire fea alecsanjovna she 'is not istrongly drawn to the world has other children who ad tracted by many things
	layer_8: perhaps thougt srpi va alexandjovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who attracted by many things
	layer_10: perhaps thougt sarapiva alexanddrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who reattracted by many things
	layer_12: perhaps thought syrapiva alexanddrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who reattracted by many things

file: 5543-27761-0066.flac
expected: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_2: it thise s is tei nont a sin of werganic enens
	layer_4: it this us so is it nont a signe of wer ganic eakness
	layer_6: if this is so is it not a sign o erganic weakness
	layer_8: if his is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_10: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_12: if this is so is it not a sign of organtic weakness

file: 5543-27761-0067.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_2: sarffhe mou sond drovme nan hersolf begam the game onser tlyces tha she pladeer wit tha havby hart
	layer_4: saer fee mouksand drov not her solf begamd the game oncwer twice thie she plateet wth a heavy heart
	layer_6: sairfemalcs and drona herself began the game onc or twice thos she plade it with a heavy heart
	layer_8: sarpi malxanddrovna herself began the game once or twice thuh she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_10: saerphy malxandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_12: sarpy malixandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart

file: 5543-27761-0068.flac
expected: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_2: she seferedes thocmiing an evl dee with foll concusnecs
	layer_4: she seffered as thou commiding an evil dee with ful concusness
	layer_6: she suffered as though commeting an evil deed with full conciousness
	layer_8: she suffered as though commeting an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_10: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_12: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness

file: 5543-27761-0069.flac
expected: it was a sad day for serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: i was h si da forsarfe moluk en drovna
	layer_4: ht was the sad day for serfe molksand rovena
	layer_6: it was tha sad day for sarfemilcs and rona
	layer_8: it was a sad day for sarphemalc and drovna
	layer_10: it was a sad day for serphimalicandrovna
	layer_12: it was a sad day for serphimalicandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0070.flac
expected: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_2: heme mother cevberd her wit the bl blanket
	layer_4: hem mother covered her with the blea blanket
	layer_6: her mother covered her with a ble blankit
	layer_8: her mother covered her with a bluee blanket
	layer_10: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_12: her mother covered her with a blue blanket

file: 5543-27761-0071.flac
expected: lelechka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_2: ll luch coudr her sleavelitl hans rom under the blinkit and sctreshd than atyom bra e her mother heo mother ben down
	layer_4: ll lutch could dre her sleeavelittle hands rom under the blankit and streshed them outohum brace her mother her mother ben down
	layer_6: li lutch cudrew her sleev little hands from under the blanket and streshed them ou to imbrace her mother her mother been down
	layer_8: liluchkudrew her slee little hands from under the blanket and streshed them ou to ebrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_10: lilachka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_12: lilachka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down

file: 5543-27761-0072.flac
expected: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_2: she seeme so smn so frlnder the blingea the covered her
	layer_4: she seeme so smoln so frlender the blinke a the covered her
	layer_6: she seemed so smaln so frail ander the blank et that covered her
	layer_8: she seemed so small n so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_10: she seemed so small an so fral under the blanket that covered her
	layer_12: she seemed so small an so frayle under the blanket that covered her

file: 5543-27761-0073.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_2: sar fhealcxendrove nere man standing ov ereliluch cas bat along wil and shecapliking ant wiluch cho ith tendernessonfeer
	layer_4: sare fevaleend droven arman standing of erliluch cus bat a long wile and she capplooking ant leluchgo with tendrness an fer
	layer_6: sar femalecs and droven a remains standing over liluchgas bad a long while and she cap looking at elutchgo with tendrness and fer
	layer_8: sarphialexanddrovena remaine standing over leluchas bad a long while and she kapt looking at liluchgo with tenderness and fear
	layer_10: sarphia alexandrovna remained standing over lolechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelachka with tenderness and fear
	layer_12: sarphia alexandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelachka with tenderness and fear

file: 5543-27761-0074.flac
expected: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall lelechka
	layer_2: i te mother is at posible thati shiold be abl to pretcter sheethote she immagon the veris ils tat mibey fall achga
	layer_4: i mtemother is at possible that a shiul be able to pretecter she thoudi she amagon the verius ils at mig be faollol uchca
	layer_6: i'm a mother is atpossible that i shouldn't be able to perotector she thought as she imagined the various ills at might be falloelachca
	layer_8: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought is she imagined the various ills tat might be fallolachca
	layer_10: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fall olachka
	layer_12: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fallolachka

file: 5543-27761-0075.flac
expected: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_2: she pra long bat night but the prareded noeralev her sadmess
	layer_4: she prad long tat night buth the prare d id noterleve her sadness
	layer_6: she praid long that night but the prayer did not reliave her sadness
	layer_8: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_10: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_12: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness

file: 5543-27761-0076.flac
expected: several days passed lelechka caught cold
	layer_2: severl theas past wie lech o cot co
	layer_4: severl days past wil lucha cot cold
	layer_6: several days past wil luch a cot cold
	layer_8: several days past will luch ga cot cold
	layer_10: several days passed will lutchgo cok cold
	layer_12: several days passed will luch go cok cold

file: 5543-27761-0077.flac
expected: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_2: the fever came apon hant nit
	layer_4: the fevor came apon hant nighte
	layer_6: the fever came upon her ant night
	layer_8: the fever came upon her ant night
	layer_10: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_12: the fever came upon her at night

file: 5543-27761-0078.flac
expected: when serafima aleksandrovna awakened by fedosya came to lelechka and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_2: when serfe melcsain jovn awakin byfido sya camde le luch gn soher lokinsil hat so reslessen sor tarmenged she in sily recalt euvwlo omen and a howastispareto posesion of her fro the firs momence
	layer_4: whensarefe maalexsand jrovena awa kn byfadosiya camdela luch gon saw her looking so hat so reslessin sir tarmented she instiltly recaldth evl omen and a hoplas despare toc posesion of her from the firset momence
	layer_6: when sarifema alec and jrobna awakend by fadocia camedo loluchguons aw her looking so hot so resless ind si tarmented she instantly recaled the evil omen and a hopeas despaire toc possession of her from the first moments
	layer_8: when sarphema alexand jovna awakened by fidosia came to le lutchgn saw her looking so hot so retless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omin and a hopeles despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_10: when syraphima alexanddrovna awakened by phidocia came to lolachgn saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil oman and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_12: when syraphima alexanddrovna awakened by phidocia came to lolachgun saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil oman and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments

file: 5543-27761-0079.flac
expected: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_2: i doctr was co t an aeverething was dom that isyuuoloncsuch casions but the an avbl happnd
	layer_4: a doctr was caldhan everything was dom bhat is usuallon such a casions but the an evible happent
	layer_6: a doctor was called in everything was done tut is usual on such accasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_8: a doctor was called an everything was done bat is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_10: a doctor was called and everything was done but is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_12: a doctor was called and everything was done but is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened

file: 5543-27761-0080.flac
expected: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_2: and la luch caggro eblr from mowr to ouer
	layer_4: and le luchcigr feblar from owr to ower
	layer_6: and telutchga grew febler from our to our
	layer_8: and teluchka grew febler from hour to hour
	layer_10: and leluchka grew febler from hour to hour
	layer_12: and leluchka grew feebler from hour to hour

file: 5543-27761-0081.flac
expected: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fedosya uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka
	layer_2: nothing matter so on hap is the reaterations o fitusya utterd betwein sobs she hider sel an hitterself arlalechge
	layer_4: nothing mater so an hapias the reaterations of fidels ya ut ad between sobs she hider self and hiderself ourel a lechga
	layer_6: nothing madther so andhappy as the reaterations of pidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hit herself ourlelechca
	layer_8: nothing made her so unhappy as the reaterations of phidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechca
	layer_10: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiderations of phidelsia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lolechka
	layer_12: nothing made her so unhappy as the reidorations of phidelcia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aur lolechca

file: 5543-27761-0082.flac
expected: fever was consuming lelechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium
	layer_2: fever wais conseeing wlalechda and the retamsan she los concesnesson spocondilteeriam
	layer_4: fevre was conseeming laluchga and there retimbsond she los concuseness an spokcendeleariam
	layer_6: fever was conceeming loachca and there retimes on she los consciousness and spokendalrium
	layer_8: fevere was conceming lalachca and there were times on she losst consciousness and spoken delrium
	layer_10: fever was conceming lalachka and there were times whn she losst consciousness and spokeen delyrium
	layer_12: feve was conceming lalachka and there were times when she losst consciousness an spoke en delirium

file: 5543-27761-0083.flac
expected: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_2: the reetays pas trturing likanit mar
	layer_4: threadas pas torturing like an niht mar
	layer_6: three diys pass torturing like a night mar
	layer_8: three days pas torturing like a nightmar
	layer_10: three days pass torturing like a nightmare
	layer_12: three days pass torturing like a nightmare

file: 5543-27761-0084.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_2: sai feme eale sinjove ny hit ter face be hin the curitns nerlaluch cas bed ho tragit
	layer_4: sere fema allecinjroveni hid ter face be hind the curtans nar la luch cus bed hou tragic
	layer_6: sarfema alicsenjrove na hidher face behind the curtains near lo luch gas bed how tragict
	layer_8: sarphema alexand jovna hitd her face behind the curtains near laluchka's bed how tragic
	layer_10: sarphima alexand drovna hid her face behind the curtains near lalechka's bed how tragic
	layer_12: sarphima alexan drovna hid her face behind the curtains near laluchka's bed how tragic

file: 5543-27761-0085.flac
expected: a white mamochka whispered lelechka
	layer_2: a whit mo moch ghe wisprdla luchkar
	layer_4: a wait ma much go wispridla luchca
	layer_6: a wait ma muchgo whisperdli luchca
	layer_8: o wait ma macgo whispered lelacka
	layer_10: await mamacka whispered lolacka
	layer_12: await mamachca whispered lalachka

file: 5543-27761-0086.flac
expected: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelechka
	layer_2: mo och was wait ace the cam blerd an everything gro darck befor la luchca
	layer_4: mo much cas wite ace becam blared an every thin grou dark beforla luchca
	layer_6: momuch caus white face became bleard and everything grew dark beforeloluchca
	layer_8: momuchca's white face became blurd and everything grew dark before loluchka
	layer_10: momochka's white face became blurd and everything grew dark before lolachka
	layer_12: momochika's white face became blurd and everything grew dark before lolachka

file: 5543-27761-0087.flac
expected: she met her husband
	layer_2: she meter hasbend
	layer_4: she metter hasbent
	layer_6: she metter husband
	layer_8: she met her husband
	layer_10: she met her husband
	layer_12: she met her husband

file: 5543-27761-0088.flac
expected: serafima aicksandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_2: seefevmealxson dove nowa standing ba the coent an lolking dolliat her ded child
	layer_4: safema allexsend drovenow as standing by the coffind ind looking doliat her dead chiled
	layer_6: safhma alecs and drovnao wastanding by the coffint and looking dulliat her ded child
	layer_8: saphema alexanddrovna was standing by the coffit and looking dolly at her dead child
	layer_10: sarphivma alexanddrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dolly at her dead child
	layer_12: sarphima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dolly at her dead child

file: 5543-27761-0089.flac
expected: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergey modestovich in a whisper
	layer_2: se o mig diear dound agertat yourself said saigimola sovichion a wisper
	layer_4: semo mig dear dond agtat yourself said sergm mot a stovich an a wisper
	layer_6: seemma mydear doned agitate yourself said sirgai mate stovich in a whisper
	layer_8: sema my dear don't agitate yourself said syrga madastovitch in a whisper
	layer_10: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergmaystovitch in a whisper
	layer_12: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergimaistovitch in a whisper

file: 5543-27761-0090.flac
expected: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_2: you must resingor self t ore fat
	layer_4: you must resin your self to yor fat
	layer_6: you must resin yourself to your fate
	layer_8: you must resine yourself to your fate
	layer_10: you must resigne yourself to your fate
	layer_12: you must resigne yourself to your fate

file: 5543-27761-0091.flac
expected: she'll be up in a minute persisted serafima aleksandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_2: sha be open a mineit precisedser f malexsenjrv na her is fixt onm the dedlitl girl
	layer_4: shal beup end a minit precisted sirfmalexsen jorvena her eyes fixd on the dedlittle girl
	layer_6: sheall be up an aminute prcisted sarfmalicsenjovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_8: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarph malexand jovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_10: she'll be up in a minute persisted syraphm alexand jovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_12: she'll be up in a minute persisted saraphm alexand jovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl

file: 5543-27761-0092.flac
expected: sergey modestovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_2: sargam ot e stovichlaok dran him cosiusly he was a frate of theen seemly an of the rediilus
	layer_4: sargame ut a stovich looed rond him cosiously he was a frad of the un seemly in of the redicules
	layer_6: sargame ut a stovach looked round him cociously he was a fraidt of the unsemly an of the rediculus
	layer_8: sargameaastovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unsemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_10: sargamadastovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_12: sargamadistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous

file: 5543-27761-0093.flac
expected: sima don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_2: se my don ageta your self heourepetod
	layer_4: see my don agetat your self he repeted
	layer_6: see y don't agitate yourself he repeted
	layer_8: see mi don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_10: seemi don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_12: seemi don't agitate yourself he repeated

file: 5543-27761-0094.flac
expected: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_2: he is confesd an anid
	layer_4: he was con fese d an anoid
	layer_6: he was confused in anoid
	layer_8: he was confused and annoied
	layer_10: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_12: he was confused and annoyed

file: 5543-27761-0095.flac
expected: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry
	layer_2: her fa sem thrinkln her is wr dry
	layer_4: her face seeme trankle n hr eies woer driy
	layer_6: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_8: her face seemed trankl an her eyes were dry
	layer_10: her face seemed trankqle and her eyes were dry
	layer_12: her face seemed trankle and her eyes were dry

file: 5543-27761-0096.flac
expected: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lelechka used to hide herself
	layer_2: she won ento the narseran be gant walck rown the rm loking into theus places weela luch coa usto hierself
	layer_4: she wen into the nerserem begant walk rownd the room looking into thost places were la luch gal use to hidorself
	layer_6: she went into the nurserim beganto walk rownd the room looking into those places were la luch ga used to higd herself
	layer_8: she went into the nurseryn began to walk round the room looking into those places where loluchka used to hide herself
	layer_10: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where loluchka used to hide herself
	layer_12: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where loluchka used to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0097.flac
expected: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept on repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lelechka
	layer_2: she wale dal bou the rem an ben tnhown thentit lok unteot the tablrundo the bad ind ceptron repeating searfily whers my lit aon wheris mylo luchce
	layer_4: she walked allabout the room and bent nownd thento look underd the tablear undo the bed and ceptran repeting cherefully wher s my lit a one where is my lowluchga
	layer_6: she walked all about the room and bant now and then to look under the table oar under the bed and keptar in repeeating cherfully whereis my little one where is my loluchga
	layer_8: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table er under the bed and kepthrin repeating cherfully whereis my little one where is my lolachca
	layer_10: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the tableer under the bed and kepton repeating cheerfully whereis my little one where is my lolachka
	layer_12: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the tableer under the bed and keptin repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolachka

file: 5543-27761-0098.flac
expected: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew
	layer_2: atr she ad waltron the roem on she begant maeher questin nr
	layer_4: after she had walet ron the room oncs shed begant make er ques in neu
	layer_6: after she had walked ron the room once she beganto make her quest in ne
	layer_8: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her questin neu
	layer_10: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in ou
	layer_12: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in ou

file: 5543-27761-0099.flac
expected: fedosya motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_2: fito syo motionmerence witlh dhe decto fay sad on acornrand looot fritedeter misters tand she sudeily burstat sobing and she wael lobly
	layer_4: fit o sia motionlece witlh te dected fa sad an ac corner and looked frightend uter missteres thand she suddnly burst at sobing and she waild ladly
	layer_6: fitosia motionlesse with dejected face sat an a corner and looked frightend at her mistress than she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed labdly
	layer_8: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed ladly
	layer_10: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst ot sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_12: pidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst ot sobbing and she wailed loudly

file: 5543-27761-0100.flac
expected: she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka our angelic little soul
	layer_2: she hider self an hitter sofar le luch gr ar and jelli wittl so
	layer_4: she hid her soufh and hider sou ar la luch gr ar and jellick uittle sol
	layer_6: she hid herself and hidtherself are lo luch gar ir and jelic little soul
	layer_8: she hid herself and hid herself oare lolachgar r and jelic little soul
	layer_10: she hid herself and hid herself ar lolachgar r and jelock little soul
	layer_12: she hid herself and hid herself ar lolachgar ar and jeloc little soul

file: 5543-27761-0101.flac
expected: when she entered the parlour there were several people between her and lelechka
	layer_2: mhn she enger the polo ther re severl peper betweing her in l luchce
	layer_4: when she enter the parler ther re several peoper be tween her in le luchca
	layer_6: when she entered the parlar ther wae several peper between her in teluchca
	layer_8: when she ented the parlor there wre several peper between her and lolachca
	layer_10: when she entered the parlor there wre several peepe between her and lalachka
	layer_12: when she entered the parlor there we several peepe between her and lalachka

file: 5543-27761-0102.flac
expected: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in serafima aleksandrovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_2: thet was in aprussoffealing of havingess ian searf male som jurvemness hadis she aprecht laluchge
	layer_4: there was an apressofeling of havinessansari f maliee som jrveness hiadas she approch laluchga
	layer_6: there was an appressi feeling of heaviness and sari femalic some jroveness hid as she approached laluchca
	layer_8: there was an oppressive feeling of heavviness and sarra fe malik some jovnas hie as she approached lolechka
	layer_10: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and syrafumalike some jrovna's had as she approached lolachka
	layer_12: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and sarafhumailik some jrovna's had as she approached lolechka

file: 5543-27761-0103.flac
expected: lelechka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_2: wluch c la ther stolnpo an sol pe faticly
	layer_4: will uch cga lay ther still anm pl and smil pe feticaly
	layer_6: willuch go lay theire still an pl and smile pefetically
	layer_8: will uchgo lay there still in ple and smile pathetically
	layer_10: willuchka lay there still in pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_12: willuchka lay there still in pale and smiled paphetically

file: 5543-27761-0104.flac
expected: the little one did not reply
	layer_2: the lit o ondid noer pqly
	layer_4: thet lit a onedid noterpliy
	layer_6: the little one did not reply
	layer_8: the little one did not reply
	layer_10: the little one did not reply
	layer_12: the little one did not reply

file: 5543-27761-0105.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_2: saerfnmaxanjr nesid apbrract sid an a lost way sld an cod loawy welluchge
	layer_4: serfemalesand jrovf ne sidaparect sid an a lost way smiled an catd lagly wiet lutch ga
	layer_6: sar femalics enjrovena stid uparect side in a lost way smiled and cad lagly wit lutchga
	layer_8: sar phemalexanjrovna stood uperect side in a lost way smiled and caed lagly luluchka
	layer_10: serphm alexandrovna stood up erect side in a lost way smiled and caued loudly lolechka
	layer_12: sarphim alexandrovna stood up erect side in a lost way smiled and cawhed loudly lolechka

file: 5543-27761-0106.flac
expected: lelechka was being carried out
	layer_2: leluchcos being caried ou
	layer_4: lhe luchgos being carried out
	layer_6: wi luchgos being carried out
	layer_8: lolechgos being carried out
	layer_10: lolechko's being carried out
	layer_12: lolechko's being carried out

file: 6841-88294-0000.flac
expected: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_2: at this mom it the haveebetol stromon the re sese with meretoles suness levee te ou sad worl imt of soud saiforth e grip dri drip ofves
	layer_4: at this mom it the have ybed of strormmon the rove seaced with mereactalas sudness leaven the ut sout world imty of sound say for the drip drip drip o veves
	layer_6: at this mom et the heavy bead of h storm on the roof ceaced with miractalus suddness leavein the ousid world impty of sound saye for the drip drip drip of eves
	layer_8: at this moment the heavy beat o th storm on the roof ceased with miractulous suddness leavig the outside world empty of sound sae for the drip drip drip of eves
	layer_10: at this moment the heavy beat of e storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_12: at this moment the heavy beat of he storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves

file: 6841-88294-0001.flac
expected: we had every sort of people with us off and on and as i was lookout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_2: we ad erver sort f pepirthe salf enon an as  was loooket at a pop therg a sel t e ml
	layer_4: we ad ever sort of peopwith i solfanon and as i was look o that apopter gam a sel tha mo
	layer_6: we had ever sort of peopl with a solftenon and as i was look out that a popler game il sawl them all
	layer_8: we had every sort of people with e sophen on and as i was look out hat a popular game i saw them all
	layer_10: we had every sort of people with he sophenon and as i was look at at a popular game il saw them all
	layer_12: we had every sort of people with the sophinon and as i was look at at a poplar game i'l saw them all

file: 6841-88294-0002.flac
expected: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt a sharp stab in my left leg
	layer_2: at the samminsnend a her the ripo stiltoru clalthand fiothe sharp stavbim a leve lag
	layer_4: at the same encsnand o heard the rip o stil hrou clow h and fel the sharp stave im a leved lag
	layer_6: at the same instinan to heard the ripp of still through clouth and felt the sharp stabim a left liig
	layer_8: at the same insinat ti heard the rip of still through cloth and felt tha sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_10: at the same instanat i heard the rip of steil through cloth and felt the sharp stab iom a left leg
	layer_12: at the same instaat i heard the rip of steill through cloth and felt the sharp stab im a left leg

file: 6841-88294-0003.flac
expected: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_2: thend a scaedto se waded cebm and font ert the fil  lasto hand
	layer_4: then u scoded to seev what ed cut me and forn thert the fill ihd los o hand
	layer_6: then i scauted to seav what ed cut me and found that the fill i hd los to hand
	layer_8: then i scoutted to see what ado cut me and found that the fell i had lost a hand
	layer_10: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_12: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand

file: 6841-88294-0004.flac
expected: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_2: and plaseoat he wore a shirbe stil hook
	layer_4: and place of it he ware a sharb still hoook
	layer_6: and place of it he war a sharb stil hook
	layer_8: and place of it he wore a sharp stil hook
	layer_10: in place of it he wore a sharp stel hook
	layer_12: in place of it he wore a sharp stil hook

file: 6841-88294-0005.flac
expected: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_2: there was nod dat ofvs bean a li for heuws brethan har u c man ds when o gitsidt ovfith hid id in soun gootd
	layer_4: there was no dout of is be an alif for he wase brean en heard  caman ds when a gitsit over the haid id in' sound good
	layer_6: there was no doubt of his bein a life for he was bread an hard licke a man dos when tot gets hit over the heid it din't sound good
	layer_8: there was no doubt of his bin alive for he was breat and hard like a man dos when tet gets hit over the hed it didn't sound good
	layer_10: there was no doubt of his bein alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when hit gets hit over the hed it didn't sound good
	layer_12: there was no doubt of his bein alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when it gets hit over the head it didn't sound good

file: 6841-88294-0006.flac
expected: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_2: when  man bre si way his mosety all gown
	layer_4: when a man brie sat way his mose ly all gon
	layer_6: when a man breahe hateway heis mostly all gong
	layer_8: when a man breats hat way he's mostly all gone
	layer_10: when a man breathed that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_12: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone

file: 6841-88294-0007.flac
expected: men got batted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_2: mein gat betid ovrt had altfan inofan tos dase
	layer_4: men got betid overth head alfend ino an those dase
	layer_6: mein got bettid overth head offen enough in those days
	layer_8: men got bettetd over thhead offen enough in those days
	layer_10: men got bette overt heaid offten enough in those days
	layer_12: men got betted overthhead offen enough in those days

file: 6841-88294-0008.flac
expected: sour wine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no soothing syrup
	layer_2: sol ions fin a pult a n in shape to hel but is nos su tn serip
	layer_4: sowa wineh's fin a put a wond an shae to hel but is nos sud in serip
	layer_6: sower ine is find o put a wound and shape to hel but is no soud in sirup
	layer_8: soerwine is find tot put a wound in shaped to heeal but it's no suit an sirup
	layer_10: sourwin is fine ti put a wound in shape to heal but it's no suit in sirrup
	layer_12: souerwin is fine ti put a wound in shape to heal but it's no suit in sirrup

file: 6841-88294-0009.flac
expected: their coffin was their ship and their grave it was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea down on the coast of the high barbaree
	layer_2: ther caoan wis ther ship and tha gravethe was the see blo hi blolo what car w and a qoarte that wegavthend wass te sient e inthe se den on the cosd o the hababery
	layer_4: ther calf en wirsd their ship and the grae tha was the see blowh hi blow lo what care we and the qarted that we gave then whas the senk them in the seea dun own the cost of the ha barbery
	layer_6: their coften wers their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow loaw what care we and the quarterd that we gave them was to sinkt them in the se don on the coast of he hi barbory
	layer_8: their coffen wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of he hig barbari
	layer_10: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari
	layer_12: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari

file: 6841-88294-0010.flac
expected: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight and the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_2: itf fer made ma hear ristoa hurim withth e bx stil somn disdout sid an the quit mon lygd ant shetols and him sit nupb streaten gont his as blasina sid his bidegl mos and is snake hare hingin ovit the ral cudt acroses haid
	layer_4: it fer made ma her rise to herim with a beg still some desied out sied in the qui at mon lighd andt sheaddlws and him sitinup streatein gont his as blasoneeach sid his bigygle kmos and his snaky hair hangan over ha rall kud acroses hehad
	layer_6: it far made my har rie to hear him with a big still salm desartd out side an the quiet moon light in the shedows and him setten up straight in gant his eys blasand each side his big egale nows and his sniky hair hang in over the ra cud acrossis had
	layer_8: it fare made my har rise to hear him with a big still salm deserd outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setn up straigh and gont his eyes blazind each side his big eagle nose and his snaicky hair hangin over the raw cut across his head
	layer_10: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with a big still salemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setteng up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_12: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with a big still salemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the rawl cut across his head

file: 6841-88294-0011.flac
expected: however i made out to get him bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_2: ha wervero maid at togidin banded up en and shape and prthison hsot of onte sle
	layer_4: ha worver a made out to gitin banded jup and in shape and prti son hes sort of wnto sleep
	layer_6: however i made out to giting bandad jup and and shap and pretty soon he sort of wnt to sleep
	layer_8: however i made out to getting bandadge up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_10: however i'm made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_12: howwever i'm made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep

file: 6841-88294-0012.flac
expected: then again he'd sing that barbaree song until i'd go out and look at the old colorado flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died and gone below or else he'd just talk
	layer_2: and a ganiyd seing that arere som itud gowa loook at thil cl rot of floon bigjis to be sur idne dad gonmbllow rielse jis taok
	layer_4: and aginit sing that wareryso intil od gwad look at theil callarot of flo ene bygis to be sure i ht and dadnd gombll ow relse jis talk
	layer_6: han againtit seing that barbery so men till i goodend look at the old collard of floin by just to be sure i hdnt didnt gonbelow r elsy just talk
	layer_8: an again he'd sing that barbery sawm men till i'o go ou an look at the old colartta flowing by just to be sure i hadn't diedn't gone below or else just talk
	layer_10: hen again he'd sing that barbary sawg me till i'do go out and look at the old colerada flowing by just to be sure i hadnt diedint gone below or els ie just talk
	layer_12: hen again he'd sing that barbary sawg me till i'd go out and look at the old colarada flowing by just to be sure i hadnt diedin't gone below or else e just talk

file: 6841-88294-0013.flac
expected: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_2: he begam wit he was a kad and a gav the sadt of corsations palsn for replis
	layer_4: he began whent he was a kd and he gave is sid of comversations palsan for eplis
	layer_6: he began when he was a kid and he gave hs side of conversations palsond for replis
	layer_8: he began when he was a kid and he gave hi sigd of conversations paulsan for replies
	layer_10: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sigh of conversations pausin for replis
	layer_12: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sigh of conversations pausin for replies

file: 6841-88294-0014.flac
expected: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_2: i se salisnbothe owr but an tevermagd at an thing rilling porde es to whogthe man was wher he comefron a whatty daon
	layer_4: i use solisnt bothe our but a tevermadt out an thing realing pordain ess to who the man was where hed come forom a whadye don
	layer_6: i used to listen by the hour but innever made out anything reallimportinis to who the man was owhere he come for om a whathe done
	layer_8: i used to listen by the hour but id never made out anything really importantas to who the man was or where he'd come from o what he'd done
	layer_10: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_12: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done

file: 6841-88294-0015.flac
expected: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet
	layer_2: it in painy ottnchiton foreis quid
	layer_4: it in painy attencien ton for e is quiet
	layer_6: i din't payini attentiond t im for ouse quiet
	layer_8: i din't payny attention to him for youse quiet
	layer_10: i didn't pay any attention to him for heu'se quiet
	layer_12: i didn't pay any attention to him for he'se quiet

file: 6841-88294-0016.flac
expected: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn
	layer_2: ousialad in bothe with hes taol for a did mnn thing ta sompthenas voas mam trm
	layer_4: usualad in ba ther with his talp for a did men anithain a somethen inas voist maebturm
	layer_6: usuall at didn't bo ther with his talk for a didn' mean anything a somethin in is voice may me term
	layer_8: usuall i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything as something in his voice made me term
	layer_10: usuall i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turm
	layer_12: usuall i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me term

file: 6841-88294-0017.flac
expected: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_2: he was nmi an on  side thas bliack ies of he his blasina me be no bot or themsal the same distons
	layer_4: he was ly an on asied tho s black ees of hehis blasina me bet nowt bothof themsal the same distence
	layer_6: he was lian on hissid those black eyaes of h his blason ot me betd now bothtof them sa the same distance
	layer_8: he was lion on his side those black eyes of his blazon at me butd now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_10: he was liing on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but nowat both of them saw the same distance
	layer_12: he was liing on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but nowat both of them saw the same distance

file: 6841-88294-0018.flac
expected: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_2: wher my cloas est verin tins
	layer_4: werea my clowas iest veringtins
	layer_6: where my clos he esed verintense
	layer_8: where are my clos he asked very ntense
	layer_10: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_12: where are my clothes he asked very intense

file: 6841-88294-0019.flac
expected: one little squeeze talk about your deadly weapons
	layer_2: onlie scques tokbacedaidly wepencs
	layer_4: onlitl scquees telk bacr dadly wepencs
	layer_6: one litte squees telk bathr deadly weppens
	layer_8: one little squeese tulk batchr deadly weapons
	layer_10: one little squeeze tulk batcher deadly weapons
	layer_12: one little squeeze tulk batcher deadly weapons

file: 6841-88294-0020.flac
expected: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_2: thut he been to sickanto la brd
	layer_4: but he been to sicknto laabd
	layer_6: but he been to sick nd to log abed
	layer_8: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_10: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_12: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed

file: 6841-88294-0021.flac
expected: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_2: and aminnr asol he cameto
	layer_4: and aminer tosel he came to
	layer_6: and a miner toself he came to
	layer_8: and a minurt o self he came too
	layer_10: and a minute o sel he came too
	layer_12: and a minute o se he came too

file: 6841-88294-0022.flac
expected: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_2: n your a nye swet propsitin said i as sons ouht shur he coud utr stamy
	layer_4: now youre a nie sweet propposition said i as soons ou s shure he could uter stamme
	layer_6: now your a nig sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could uterstand me
	layer_8: now you're a nice swee proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_10: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_12: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me

file: 6841-88294-0023.flac
expected: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_2: ther safe nofh len me hav tho he bid
	layer_4: theire sae anouth len e had them he begd
	layer_6: ther' safe enough len me hav them he begged
	layer_8: the's safe enough led me have them he begged
	layer_10: the's safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_12: the's safe enough let me have them he begged

file: 6841-88294-0024.flac
expected: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_2: na lookkcere sit i you can gat up to da you ingt fit
	layer_4: no look eare sid i you can get up to day you in't fit
	layer_6: now look here said i you can't gt up to day you ain't fit
	layer_8: now look here said i you can't get up to day you in't fit
	layer_10: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_12: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit

file: 6841-88294-0025.flac
expected: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_2: i kno he pleided a lenmy seeen
	layer_4: i kno he plated at lime see them
	layer_6: i know he pleted but litme see them
	layer_8: i kno he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_10: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_12: i know he pleaded but let me see them

file: 6841-88294-0026.flac
expected: just to satisfy him i passed over his old duds
	layer_2: jise sas fin u pastoveres old derds
	layer_4: jus a satdis fim a passt over os ol drds
	layer_6: just a satis fihme a paset overhis al durds
	layer_8: just as satisfy hima passet over his oall dids
	layer_10: just to satisfy him  passed over his oll dirds
	layer_12: just to satisfy hima passed over his oll dirds

file: 6841-88294-0027.flac
expected: i've been robbed he cried
	layer_2: ave thin rd the crit
	layer_4: afe thin rad he crid
	layer_6: ave ben raed he cried
	layer_8: ave been rubbed he cried
	layer_10: i've been rubbed he cried
	layer_12: i've been robbed he cried

file: 6841-88294-0028.flac
expected: where's my coat he asked
	layer_2: wrs mo cot heeast
	layer_4: wers ma coat he est
	layer_6: wers macoat he asked
	layer_8: wher's ma coat he asked
	layer_10: were's ma cot he asked
	layer_12: where's ma cot he asked

file: 6841-88294-0029.flac
expected: you had no coat when i picked you up i replied
	layer_2: yo whedno co when u pidtsyo ep or eplide
	layer_4: you had not co hen u pit you ap oreplied
	layer_6: you had no co when i pit you up i replied
	layer_8: you had no coat when i pitct you up i replied
	layer_10: you had no coat when i pich you up i replied
	layer_12: you had no coat when i pich you up i replied

file: 6841-88294-0030.flac
expected: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_2: he loke de me motisetespisius bu d insainithing more he wouln ney anans ahen ou spogtomem
	layer_4: he looke the me motice the spisious bu didn sainything more he would ne renanctar when u spoke to him
	layer_6: he looked ho me modys ospicious but didn't sayanything more he would knev an anser wen i spoke to him
	layer_8: he looked at me migdtysuspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn' eve an answer when i spoke to him
	layer_10: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't evean answer when i spoke to him
	layer_12: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn'teve an answer when i spoke to him

file: 6841-88294-0031.flac
expected: after he'd eaten a fair meal he fell asleep
	layer_2: avfter hededen he frmail hy foll sly
	layer_4: after he deden a far mail he felisleep
	layer_6: after he deden a fairmal he fell a sleep
	layer_8: after he d eaden't a fair mail he fell a sleep
	layer_10: after he'd eaten' a fair mal he fell asleep
	layer_12: after he'd eaten't a fair mal he fell asleep

file: 6841-88294-0032.flac
expected: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_2: hen a came bake theat ive anthe buonq as emti an he was gan
	layer_4: hen a came back that eaven ain the bunk was impty an he was gnon
	layer_6: whene i came back that even n te bunk was emptyan he was gon
	layer_8: when i came back that even in te bunk was empty an he was gone
	layer_10: when i came back that evenand the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_12: when i came back that eveng an the bunk was empty and he was gone

file: 6841-88294-0033.flac
expected: i didn't see him again for two days
	layer_2: ad in sim he ganforto das
	layer_4: atd in seeme the ganfortwuo days
	layer_6: iatdin seeme agan for two days
	layer_8: i din't seem bagain for two days
	layer_10: i did't seem again for two days
	layer_12: i did't seem again for two days

file: 6841-88294-0034.flac
expected: then i caught sight of him quite a ways off
	layer_2: hn a cot saedivn quet awas al
	layer_4: tn a cut sat in quet aways o
	layer_6: thn a cats sadome quat a ways al
	layer_8: then i caut sid fm quite a way's all
	layer_10: then i cat sit ofm quite a ways al
	layer_12: then i cat site of m quite a ways al

file: 6841-88294-0035.flac
expected: guess he suspicions i stole that old coat of his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_2: gessesespichius u sto theol couto hias thinxi and ett wars o fowndtha mo somisead bein corit
	layer_4: gesseas espicious as sto theruwl coto hes thinksi and evtewars a found that my sormis ad beencorricpt
	layer_6: guess a uspicius i stol ther will cattor his thinks i and afterwars o foud that myt surmie had been correct
	layer_8: guesshes suspicious i stol that ill courto his thinks i and afterwards i foud that my surmie had been correcpt
	layer_10: guess hes suspicious i stol that old coute his thinks i and afterwards i foud that my surmise had been correct
	layer_12: guess he's suspicious i stol that old cote his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct

file: 6841-88294-0036.flac
expected: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_2: ha wever hetd in stay lon inhat framf mind
	layer_4: ha wever hitd in stay lom in at frame f mind
	layer_6: however he dint stay long an tat fram of mind
	layer_8: however he did't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_10: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_12: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind

file: 6841-88294-0037.flac
expected: i ran up pulling my gun
	layer_2: a ran o pe agn
	layer_4: a rano po agon
	layer_6: arane por agon
	layer_8: arana po magone
	layer_10: arana po magon
	layer_12: araina po magon

file: 6841-88294-0038.flac
expected: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_2: mee wis fliedans face is arm strichtou
	layer_4: amegs wash flat oncs face is orm stricht ou
	layer_6: mexs was flight ontis face his arm stritched out
	layer_8: e mex was flaht on is face his arm stretched out
	layer_10: mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_12: mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out

file: 6841-88294-0039.flac
expected: on the middle of his back knelt my one armed friend
	layer_2: on th milof his back n o a won arn frand
	layer_4: on the mill of is backnema wone oarn frand
	layer_6: on the midle of his bak knilma one arn friand
	layer_8: on the midl of his back nelmma one arme friend
	layer_10: on the middle of his back nelma one armed friend
	layer_12: on the middle of his back nema one armed friend

file: 6841-88294-0040.flac
expected: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt's into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_2: inyway at threst amosof ma cotant he sarlgs face whats theirs iast
	layer_4: inyway at thresst hamoseo of my coltan to the sailorgs face whats theisiest
	layer_6: anyway at threst themozl of my coltin to the sailr'se face what's this i est
	layer_8: any way i threst the muzzle of my colsin to the sailr's face what's this i asked
	layer_10: any way i thrust the muzzle of my colt into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_12: any way i thrust the muzzle of my coalt into the sailor's face what's this i asked

file: 6841-88294-0041.flac
expected: i ween heem at monte off antonio curvez said he
	layer_2: i win hemad montyo of an tonya curves sit
	layer_4: i wen he id mont youof an tonya curvis said e
	layer_6: i wn him id mant you ofantonial curvis said he
	layer_8: i wen him atmauntooffantonio curvis said he
	layer_10: i wen him at mnto fantonio curvis said he
	layer_12: i win him at mantoo fantonio curvis said he

file: 6841-88294-0042.flac
expected: the gleam died from his eye the snarl left his lips
	layer_2: the gle di fromas y the snal lif is lips
	layer_4: the glemed died from his i the snar lift is lips
	layer_6: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips
	layer_8: the gleam died from his eye the snrl lift his lips
	layer_10: the gleam died from his eye the snrl lift his lips
	layer_12: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips

file: 6841-88294-0043.flac
expected: in any case he flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_2: and anycasi fle pokl proto leve mean mo frendogete
	layer_4: and any cacy flu pokle progto leave meand mauh fraen together
	layer_6: and any casee fluw pokl proto leave me and mi friend together
	layer_8: in any case he flew poko proto leave me and my friend together
	layer_10: in any case he flew poko prato leave me and my friend together
	layer_12: in any case he flew poko prato leav me and my friend together

file: 6841-88294-0044.flac
expected: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly doing odd jobs i saw him off and on
	layer_2: dren the nex who mont she was agoiddeal bout tow mosid doano jabs a sa moff rnin
	layer_4: drend the next who montsye was a good deal bout tow mosli do an o jobs i sa i mof anoin
	layer_6: durnd the nixt who month yu was a good deal bout town mostly doi od jobs i sawim mofterninm
	layer_8: durng the next wo month you was a good deal about town mostly doan jobs i saw him offen on
	layer_10: during the next two months you was a good deal about town mostly dumand jobs i saw him offin on
	layer_12: during the next two months you was a good deal about town mostly dumanad jobs i saw him offi in

file: 6841-88294-0045.flac
expected: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_2: hi wver ut inpae muchotincton to thet be in ath tim all mod bisy hold don acardgames
	layer_4: however it in pae much atinctone to that be in at the time all midy busy holdendom accard games
	layer_6: however i din't pay much attention to that be in at the time all mighty busy holden dowm ma card games
	layer_8: however i din't pay much attention to that being at the time all mighty busy holding down ma cardgames
	layer_10: however i din't pay much attention to that being at the time all mighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_12: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time all mighty busy holding down my card games

file: 6841-88294-0046.flac
expected: that's all right said i but you better stay right there
	layer_2: as al ret sid i whiched beter stay rut there
	layer_4: as all ret sid i bhich hed biter stay rut there
	layer_6: a's all rit sid i whic you better stay rut there
	layer_8: thats all right said i but yo' better stay rught there
	layer_10: that's all right said i but you'd better stay right there
	layer_12: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rught there

file: 6841-88294-0047.flac
expected: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_2: ilwen to mae uptu forye truble sit
	layer_4: in wet to make upto ou for yo trubl sait e
	layer_6: i went to make up to you for you trouble sit he
	layer_8: i want to make up to you for you trouble said e
	layer_10: i want to make up to you for your trouble said e
	layer_12: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he

file: 6841-88294-0048.flac
expected: what kind of a good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_2: wa conof goit thing ast tresu saity
	layer_4: wee con of goitd thing iest treasurur saidty
	layer_6: wile con of good thing iast treasure said he
	layer_8: wat coint of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_10: wat cind of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_12: wat cind of good thing i asked treasure said he

file: 6841-88294-0049.flac
expected: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_2: he look dal ridi nou nothe drut nr a lokow
	layer_4: he looked allridi nough no the drntnora loko
	layer_6: he looked all rigd enough now ther drunnora loko
	layer_8: he looked all right enough neither drun nor loco
	layer_10: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_12: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco

file: 6841-88294-0050.flac
expected: sit down said i over there the other side the table
	layer_2: sid ounseid i over ther the ote sado the tale
	layer_4: sid ounsid i over ther the othe sat o he table
	layer_6: sed own said i over there the other sadt of te table
	layer_8: set down said i over there the other sit of the table
	layer_10: sit down said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_12: sit down said i over there the other side of the table

file: 6841-88294-0051.flac
expected: he did so now fire away said i
	layer_2: hedidso te fir wa sat i
	layer_4: he did so te farway sit i
	layer_6: he did so a far away sit i
	layer_8: he did so a far away said i
	layer_10: he did so t far away said i
	layer_12: he did so far away said i

file: 6841-88294-0052.flac
expected: and it's a big thing said handy solomon to me for they's not only gold but altar jewels and diamonds
	layer_2: and its a bike thng saind hande salmatom for thes not on l gol but all tr juls andamens
	layer_4: and its a bik thin saind hand i sall matom me for they's not only gol but al trjus and dimens
	layer_6: and it's a big thing said handy salematime for they's not only gol but altra jeles and dimons
	layer_8: and it's a big thing said handy solematimmiy for they's not only gol but altr jewels and diamons
	layer_10: and it's a big thing said handy soloman timmy for they's not only gol but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_12: and it's a big thing said handy soloman timme for they's not only gol but alter jewels and diamonds

file: 6841-88294-0053.flac
expected: it will make us rich and a dozen like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_2: itr maeas rich and a dus licus andneceen cis tho bookorn that
	layer_4: it  make as rich and a dusin li eus and ekcin kist thoe book on that
	layer_6: it wlt make as rich and a dosen likeus and econ kisse tho book on that
	layer_8: it will make as rich and i doesn' like us and yo an kiss the book on that
	layer_10: it will make us rich and i doezn't like us and youcan kiss the book on that
	layer_12: it will make us rich and i doezn't like us and yo can kiss the book on that

file: 6841-88294-0054.flac
expected: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_2: the may al be trosid ar bhe whi de ton
	layer_4: thet may al be truosidi be whid d tel me
	layer_6: thet may all be trusit i but why dyo tell me
	layer_8: that may all be tru said i but why d you tell me
	layer_10: that may all be true said i but why do yu tell me
	layer_12: that may all be true said i but why d you tell me

file: 6841-88294-0055.flac
expected: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_2: whe untogith e trersawt thot thenedered ovidenent
	layer_4: wha  oun togith u tresrowt thouthe nede vidnent
	layer_6: why don't to gete you treasrowiththout the neede dividnet
	layer_8: why dn't tou get yu treasure without he need of devidinat
	layer_10: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dvidng it
	layer_12: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing at

file: 6841-88294-0056.flac
expected: why mate he answered it's just plain gratitude
	layer_2: wy mat he ensered is jis plain retitoud
	layer_4: whye mate he enswered is jis plain gretitod
	layer_6: whyi made he answered is just plaing gravitude
	layer_8: why madte he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_10: why mat he answered i's just plaing gratitude
	layer_12: why mat he answered i's just plain gratitude

file: 6841-88294-0057.flac
expected: didn't you save my life and nuss me and take care of me when i was nigh killed
	layer_2: dinjyou saemalif an nustme and ta carve me en ou was ni illd
	layer_4: din you save malife an nust me and take carve me on i was no celld
	layer_6: din' you save me liuge an nust me and take careof me when i was not killed
	layer_8: did' you save my life and nust me and take car of me when i was not killed
	layer_10: didn' you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_12: didn' you save my life and nus me and take care of me when i was not killed

file: 6841-88294-0058.flac
expected: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_2: loooker andrsonor hanye salmn awhatever you plaseto cyself ir join to this e frigone do do bies ofme and a do not eunderstainiy at juswateti as y wont o me you haft tolk strat
	layer_4: look here anderson or handy salman awhatd ever you pleaset o coyruself ouerejoint to this e frigone to do busnes wif me and a do not under stainyet just whatety as you ant of me you' haft  tolk streat
	layer_6: look her anderson or handy salemen a whatever you pleace to ca youself iure rejoin to this if forgoing to do busins with me and it do not understan yet just whatit eas you want of me you'll have to talk straighte
	layer_8: look here anderson or handy solment orwhatever you please to cal yourself i rejointd to this if ou're going to do busins with me and i do not understand yet just what it iis you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_10: look here anderson nor handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself ill rejoin to this if you're going to do businss with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_12: look here anderson nor handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself ill rejoin to this yi you're going to do businss with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight

file: 6841-88294-0059.flac
expected: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_2: is aver  wed sai gradito but thedon gowith me
	layer_4: it s alver  wel a sa graditond but thed ont go with me
	layer_6: it's al very well to sake gratitude but thad don' go with me
	layer_8: it's all very well to sae gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_10: it's all very well to sae gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_12: it's all very well to sae gratitude but that don't go with me

file: 6841-88294-0060.flac
expected: the devil's a preacher if you ain't lost your pinfeathers said he
	layer_2: that devewils a praturf  lost urpinfethe said he
	layer_4: the devels appreature of ne lost arpinfether said he
	layer_6: the devils ap preachure if ny lostir pen father said he
	layer_8: the devils appreacher if nay lost your penfather said he
	layer_10: the devil's a preacher if na lost your penfeather said he
	layer_12: the devil's a preacher if na lost your penfeather said he

file: 6841-88294-0061.flac
expected: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stocked
	layer_2: wels this than i gat to heave bo togit there and she mus bhe stut
	layer_4: welds this thon i got to heave bo to git ther and she mos be stopet
	layer_6: well's this thn i got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_8: welli's this thin i'd got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_10: well i's this thin i' got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_12: well it's this thin i' got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped

file: 6841-88294-0062.flac
expected: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was
	layer_2: and a get to have help with treasur if is slike his fil said a wrs
	layer_4: and a got to have help withe treasure if hislike this fel said it wos
	layer_6: and i got to halve help with the treasure if hiss licke this fell sat it was
	layer_8: and i got to halve help with the treasure if eis like this fell said it was
	layer_10: and i got to have help with the treasure if h's like this fello said it was
	layer_12: and i got to have help with the treasure if e's like this fello said it was

file: 6841-88294-0063.flac
expected: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in as pardner
	layer_2: is mony u gat to have and i s monyo haven got and cain gid in lis alit somebot anis parner
	layer_4: is mony a got to have and is monya haven't got and can gid inliss a lit somebodein his pardner
	layer_6: is money i got to have and his money a havn't got and kan't geit an liss a lits somebodhy in his pariner
	layer_8: i's money i got to have and i's money i haven't got and can't get an liss o lits somebody ain his pariner
	layer_10: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i lit's somebody in his parner
	layer_12: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unliss i lit's somebody in his parner

file: 6841-88294-0064.flac
expected: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_2: wo meast wy not hye retortt
	layer_4: wie me ast whye not he retortit
	layer_6: why me  asked whye not he retorted
	layer_8: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_10: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_12: why me i asked why not he retorted

file: 6841-88294-0065.flac
expected: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_2: whec holk he matter olverid ling
	layer_4: wec htalk he matter overi ling
	layer_6: we ctalk te matter over i lenk
	layer_8: we talk the matter over at lenk
	layer_10: we talkd the matter over at length
	layer_12: we talked the matter over at length

file: 6841-88294-0066.flac
expected: i stood out for a larger party
	layer_2: isto d a for a larguparty
	layer_4: asto daf for a largerparty
	layer_6: i stood affer a larger party
	layer_8: i stood afer a larger party
	layer_10: i stood after a larger party
	layer_12: i stood after a larger party

file: 6841-88294-0067.flac
expected: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_2: hestrongly apose thissus de prishaden the shars but a head nontincin of gorn lon intowat was tancon sitrd a walld dangres cuntry fanly we copermis
	layer_4: he strongdly appose thises de preci eidin the shairs but a had nointintion of gorn alown anto wat was thin con sitered a walld n dangerus country finnly we comperemist
	layer_6: he strongly apposed this as depreciat n the shairs but i had no intention of gon alone into whalt was then considered of wilden dangerous country finilly we compromized
	layer_8: he strongly opposed this as depreciatein the shars but i had no intention of gong alone into what was then considered a wildend dangerous country finaly we compromised
	layer_10: he strongly opposed this as deppreciate n the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wildend dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_12: he strongly opposed this as depreciate in the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wildend dangerous country finally we compromised

file: 6841-88294-0068.flac
expected: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_2: a thirdr the trciawast ogota hon a thir to me and he rest was bede  vote amon the mand homyshued salect thi skened ed nothe pild him
	layer_4: a thirt or the trurtalwas to goto him a thir to me and the rest o wast bet ofvit ed among the man whomushould salect this skenedad not appillt him
	layer_6: a thirt of the trasal was to go to him a third to me ad the resto was tobee evided among the man whomi should select this skene did not appill to him
	layer_8: a third of the treasere was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to bee divided among the man whom i should select this skhime did not appeill to him
	layer_10: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the mean whom i should select this skheme did not appeal to him
	layer_12: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this skheme did not appeall to him

file: 6841-88291-0000.flac
expected: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and dropped back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_2: te sensther egxsistof frus now resmonsabilty whe eat re portet dudafly et the rol cal of habt and drobactontowhar blinkets o the gratful si
	layer_4: tbesinsther existe forus nol resmonsibiloty we eact reportet dudtifuly at the role call of habit and ro bac on to are blank ets wit the greatful si
	layer_6: be sinster existerforus no resmonsibility we each reportid dutifully at the role call of habit and ro back into our blenkets with a greatful sighe
	layer_8: bet sincther existe for us no resmonsibility we each reportid dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sighe
	layer_10: but sincether existe for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_12: but since ther existe for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh

file: 6841-88291-0001.flac
expected: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lying before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowing of cattle in the corrals
	layer_2: aramembr the mon silin a goud gayd among he parnli stationary clalets a ecall it dee blece shata liand wit fore distnsov re mous a glanstovr the starkemotion as canses eich a which consild e ma theard trimbld withthe belomn of catl ante crouls
	layer_4: ouremember the mon salan a good gade among a parinly station ery clodlets a recall it deep blace shadt aw lind with for distansilve ry moutins i glanstover he starkg motion los canvices each a which consiled aman the ared trimbled with he bellomwen of catle in the corous
	layer_6: iu remember the moon salin a good gate among apparenly stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow lind with for distant cilvery moutaons i glanceed over the starg motionalass canvaces each of which conciled a man the ard trembled with the belloman of cattle in the corows
	layer_8: i remember the moon sailan a good gate among apparently stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow lined with four distant cilvery mountains i glanced over the starg motionless canvases each of which conciled a man they airr trembled with the bellomin of cattle ind the corals
	layer_10: i remember the moon sailin a good gate among apparently stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow lione with four distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the aird trembled with te bellomen of cattle and the corrals
	layer_12: i remember the moon sailin a good gate among apparently stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow line with four distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionaless canvases each of which concealed a man the aird trembled with the bellomen of cattle and the corrals

file: 6841-88291-0002.flac
expected: seemingly but a moment later the cook's howl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_2: simnly but amomet lated the coksow brumet the coces niss agan
	layer_4: simin ly but a momet latef the cookeshowd brougt me the conchas niss agan
	layer_6: simenly but a moment late the cookshow brougt me thoe consciousness again
	layer_8: simmonly but a moment later the cookshow brought me to consciousness again
	layer_10: simonly but a moment later the cooksow brought me to consciousness again
	layer_12: simonly but a moment later the cookshow brought me to consciousness again

file: 6841-88291-0003.flac
expected: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the stray herd from the corrals to good feed three branding crews were told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_2: thre wurldocare for the remodu fovewertaomo the stray hervom the crous togoud fed thre bren crous er tod  bran the caswowe at clicted in the cut of the attrnin fore that sigo bot havfe the man
	layer_4: thre woered ocare for th remoda fove were to moove the stray herd from the crous to good fed three bren cruose re toldtha bran the cas we hat cleketed in the cud of the attrnom efore that siko about haft the man
	layer_6: three were to care for the remota fivewere to move the straygt heard from the crouse to good feed three brend cruws wre told to brand the case we had colected in the cut of the aft roombefore that took up about half the men
	layer_8: three were to care for the remda five were to move the straight heard from the crows to good feed three brendn cruws were told to brand the cas we had collected in the cut of the afteroon before that took up about half the men
	layer_10: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the straight herd from the corows to good feed three bredn crews were told to brandthe cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_12: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the straight heard from the crows to good feed three brendn creis were told to brandthe cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men

file: 6841-88291-0004.flac
expected: the rest were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_2: the res weret  make a shord drove nt soud gress
	layer_4: the ris were to make as shord drive inthe soultd gras
	layer_6: the ris were to make a shore drive inthe salle grass
	layer_8: the rist were to make a shore drive inthe sold grass
	layer_10: the rist were to make a shore drive inte solid grass
	layer_12: the rist were to make a shore drive inthe sold grass

file: 6841-88291-0005.flac
expected: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards distant
	layer_2: we wart theone a once ho did gof fhoit hoever o thoh the crols wr not mor the to hender dyardgdis distence
	layer_4: we were the on a ontce who did gof fot however a thogh the crous were not mored then two hundter yargss distence
	layer_6: we were the oni once who did go of fhoot however ae though the crows were not moreathan two hundred yargs 's distance
	layer_8: we were the ony once who did go af foot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yards s distance
	layer_10: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_12: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corows were not more than two hundred yards as distance

file: 6841-88291-0006.flac
expected: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next the fence
	layer_2: bichtwen the upprat bars of grese wt withoe se the catle and er the ops s sa the min boldin afirin nex the fence
	layer_4: buthtwenthe upprigt bars of grece wood with ied see the catdle and yeur the ops ts sid the min bild en a fir nex the fence
	layer_6: be twen the up right bars of greiasewood wie oud seed the cattle and near the ops ts side the men build en a fire next the fince
	layer_8: betwen the upright bars of greese wood we coud see the cattle and near the oposite side the men buildin af fire next thefence
	layer_10: between the upright bars of greace wood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next defence
	layer_12: between the upright bars of greace wood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building af fire next thefence

file: 6841-88291-0007.flac
expected: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_2: we pist o en the wid gat in nerd
	layer_4: we pushtop in the wid gat en entered
	layer_6: we pushed open the wid gate an entered
	layer_8: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_10: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_12: we pushed open the wide gate and entered

file: 6841-88291-0008.flac
expected: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long j h stamping irons in his hand
	layer_2: hencsted wite f mem the finish that shee of  laln jage stepen irins in his hand
	layer_4: whencs ted witen fr them de finish that she f of lon jage step en irins an his hand
	layer_6: incstood witten fr them tofinish a shef of long jage stepind irngs in his hand
	layer_8: en stood witten for them to finish a shef of long jage stamp and irons in his hand
	layer_10: on dood waitin for them to finish a shef of long gge stamp and irons in his hand
	layer_12: one sdoid waitin for them to finish a sheef of long gaged stamp ind irons in his hand

file: 6841-88291-0009.flac
expected: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_2: al the res squatidn on ther hils along the pens smo kad sigerets otchet  ageber
	layer_4: all the reis squat ed on ther hels along the pence smoknd sigerets andcheat n agether
	layer_6: all the rist squated on their hills along the fince smoken siggerats and chatin agether
	layer_8: all the ris squated on their heills along the fence smok in ciggarets and chaten ogether
	layer_10: all the rests quatted on their heils along the fence smoking cigaretes and chattengtogether
	layer_12: all the rists squatted on their heills along the fence smoking cigaretes and chatten together

file: 6841-88291-0010.flac
expected: the first rays of the sun slanted across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_2: et fhiresrasof the sun sinedt o crouse on on great swepfon theremod mouns
	layer_4: te foiristras of the son signed a crouse and one greate sweep fom the remod mouns
	layer_6: te firist rays of the sunt signet a cross and one great sweep from the remode mouns
	layer_8: the first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remoe mountns
	layer_10: the first rays of the sun signded across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_12: the first rays of the sun signded across in one great sweep from the remote mountains

file: 6841-88291-0011.flac
expected: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_2: homer widen ha nod celf fon he jon rod in mong the catl
	layer_4: homer wildn anold cal fon hi jon rod in among the cadtle
	layer_6: homer woudden a old kallofornty jn road in among the cattle
	layer_8: homer wooden an old caforny john roe in among the cattle
	layer_10: homer woodden and old californa john roe in among the cattle
	layer_12: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle

file: 6841-88291-0012.flac
expected: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_2: as i loopesetlet he jurk shapaly uper axecl hs on wuld strict ho cabie fish
	layer_4: as a lop sedttled he jurk sharply upord exactl is one wuld stric o hook abik fish
	layer_6: as te loupe setdled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would stricke to hook a bigk fish
	layer_8: as th loup settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strik to hook a big fish
	layer_10: as he loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hoook a big fish
	layer_12: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hoook a big fish

file: 6841-88291-0013.flac
expected: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and sat over in one stirrup to avoid the tightened line and to preserve the balance
	layer_2: hom erep the rooe twice ri thresabouthe hore and saittlver an on strept of vo the tid line ant breservr the bouns
	layer_4: hom mereapt the roke twice writh thrice abouthe hor and seid lver an onet stripd o vord the tidtenlin anto preserved the bouncs
	layer_6: hom arapt the roke twice were thrice about the horn and set over in one striped a vord the tigtand line unto preserved the bounce
	layer_8: homarappe the rok twice woere thrice about the horn and set over in one strppe tovoid the tighd in line and to preserve the balnce
	layer_10: homma rape the rope twice wor thrice about the horn and set over in once strip to void the tighten lin and to preserve the balance
	layer_12: homa rape the rope twice wor thrice about the horn and set over in once strip toavoid the tighten lin and to preserve the balance

file: 6841-88291-0014.flac
expected: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_2: no waut y padiny at tincin to the cafe
	layer_4: no bet e pad iny atincien to the cagf
	layer_6: nobodhe paied any attention tof the caf
	layer_8: nobody paid any attention tof the calf
	layer_10: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_12: nobody paid any attention to the calf

file: 6841-88291-0015.flac
expected: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_2: tbe hind im falld his anchius mother her had soing ent rhmsid do sid ni the fire tho hor stot
	layer_4: behind im fallwod his anctious mother her had sowing in from sid dosid no the fire the horet stopt
	layer_6: be hind him followed his anxious mother her head swingen from sid eside near ther fire the horte stopped
	layer_8: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swingin from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_10: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swingking from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_12: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped

file: 6841-88291-0016.flac
expected: the two bull doggers immediately pounced upon the victim
	layer_2: that two boldogers amidily pounsupon the victom
	layer_4: thet two boldogrsameidely pounsupon the victom
	layer_6: the two buldogrs ammedily pouns upon the victom
	layer_8: the two buldogers immediately pouncs upon the victom
	layer_10: the two bul dogers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_12: the two bulldogers immediately pounce upon the victim

file: 6841-88291-0017.flac
expected: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_2: it was promtly farpd overont s rite sid
	layer_4: it was promply floped over on its rite sid
	layer_6: it was promptly flarped over on its rightsid
	layer_8: it was promptly flapped over on its right side
	layer_10: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_12: it was promptly flopped over on its right side

file: 6841-88291-0018.flac
expected: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_2: this the caf was unabld strobl
	layer_4: thist the caff was nabled a strougl
	layer_6: thus the caf was un able to struggle
	layer_8: hus the caff was unable to struggle
	layer_10: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_12: thus the calf was unable to struggle

file: 6841-88291-0019.flac
expected: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_2: whoene ochye have had the win nodat you war riber to brooken you ses to thintesonissasarieley rofh
	layer_4: when wanc you have had the wn nocked oat of you wore rabr to broken you seeas a thinkthe sonessasarily rough
	layer_6: when ant you have had the win nocked out of you or a ribor too broken you seased to think thesunecessarily rough
	layer_8: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a ri or too broken you cease to think thesunnecessarily rugh
	layer_10: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_12: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough

file: 6841-88291-0020.flac
expected: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers
	layer_2: hot arn yold one the bul d overs
	layer_4: hot irn yold one ofthe bold ogrs
	layer_6: hot irn y 'ld wone of the boldogrs
	layer_8: hot iron yuld one of the bul dogers
	layer_10: hot iron yeoled one of the bul dogers
	layer_12: hot iron yeeld one of the bull doggers

file: 6841-88291-0021.flac
expected: marker yelled the other
	layer_2: moker yeoll the ethe
	layer_4: marker yeell the ether
	layer_6: marker ye ell the other
	layer_8: marker eolled the other
	layer_10: marker yaled the other
	layer_12: marker yelled the other

file: 6841-88291-0022.flac
expected: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_2: the brenderpres the air rnd smlygis the flie
	layer_4: the branderpressd tha irand smoly against the flinke
	layer_6: the brandarpressd the irant smootly aginst thoe flank
	layer_8: the brandeorpressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_10: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_12: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank

file: 6841-88291-0023.flac
expected: perhaps the calf blatted a little as the heat scorched
	layer_2: ber haves tha cae blaitelittlwes tha hete scorched
	layer_4: perhaps te cat blate  little less that het scorchd
	layer_6: perhaps the cat blated a little ess that heat scorched
	layer_8: perhaps the cap bladed a little ess tha heat scorched
	layer_10: perhaps the cat bladed a little less tha heat scorched
	layer_12: perhaps the cat bladed a little less tha heat scorched

file: 6841-88291-0024.flac
expected: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due peeling and a successful mark
	layer_2: the bran shell chary which is the propercollart indo cae d pimlon and is uxesfl mark
	layer_4: the bran sholl chary which is the proprcollerto in to cate dw pelan and i successfl mark
	layer_6: the bran shod chery which is the proper color to inticate de pelan and a successful mark
	layer_8: the brand showd charry which is the proper color to indicate du pelan and a successful mark
	layer_10: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate du pelan and a successful mark
	layer_12: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate du pelan and a successful mark

file: 6841-88291-0025.flac
expected: then he nicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_2: then i nidat a sal telon the other
	layer_4: then e nike out a swalle tell en the other
	layer_6: han he nicked out a swall tell in the other
	layer_8: then he knicked out a swal tell in the other
	layer_10: then he knicked out a swallo tell in the other
	layer_12: then he knicked out a swallow tell in the other

file: 6841-88291-0026.flac
expected: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of branding
	layer_2: is semes ome the greidil vonesassir twoles brudes toid th extreeng croty of branon
	layer_4: is seeme same ther great dil f unessscer twales brad as to the extreeng cruldty of bran in
	layer_6: is seeme sto me ther great dillof enecescary twattles abrad as to the extren crelty of brandin
	layer_8: it seemes to methe great dill of unnecessary twattls abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_10: it seems to me the great deil of unnecessary tuatles abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_12: it seems to me the great deil of unnecessary twatles abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon

file: 6841-88291-0027.flac
expected: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful and could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_2: and douthablyadis to someextinpanfule e cold sumemo the methed of rediy a d in of thacation bede ofvised it mo be as weal tow at doupeidn prevferencs
	layer_4: uand doutably it is to some extinpainful i could somemo the methed of ready a din offocation bed ovised it mi be as wel to a doptid inm prevferenc
	layer_6: undoubtably it is to some extent paintful it could some other methrd of ready adinification bee devised it migt be as welt to adoptid in prevference
	layer_8: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready a dennification be divised it might be as well to adoptid in preference
	layer_10: undoubtedbly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be divised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_12: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be divised it might be as well to adopt it in preference

file: 6841-88291-0028.flac
expected: inextinguishable laughter followed the spread of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_2: in extingwish bl laft rfald the sprit of this dot onf tho war as one
	layer_4: in extinguish bl laftrfalld the sprit of his docet and thrug are asona
	layer_6: in extinguishble laugter falle the sprid of this docton throug ersona
	layer_8: inextinguishable laughter falld thi sprid of this doctor thrugh arzona
	layer_10: inextinguishable laughter falled the sprid of this doctrn through arazona
	layer_12: inextinguishable laughter falled the sprid of this doctroin through arazona

file: 6841-88291-0029.flac
expected: imagine a puncher descending to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_2: an meagin apunchere do sinintoxem plihel the earetades of will catl on the oporas rin aroundu
	layer_4: an megin apunture ti scinint xempoligtly the earetages of wild cattle on the opeon range rin aroundup
	layer_6: a magin a punther osceninto xemed politely the eartags of wild cattle on the open range r in around up
	layer_8: imagin a puncher tes cen into examind politely the irtags of wild cattle on the open range r in round up
	layer_10: imagine a puncher do cend into examine politely the ertags of wild cattle on the open range orin round up
	layer_12: imagine a puncher do cend into examin politely the ertags of wild cattle on the open range orin round up

file: 6841-88291-0030.flac
expected: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes to feeding or to looking idly about
	layer_2: a caffiusaly bels whon the arind bites but a sones reliese to amost and vrbli gosto fenner toloookan idlybout
	layer_4: a cafiusualy bellws when the arin bihtes but a soonas released tho almost and veribly gos to feedener to lookannidly bout
	layer_6: a caffusualy bellows when the irin bits but asoon as released he almost inveribly gost to feeten or to look anidly about
	layer_8: a calfusually bellows when the iran bites but as soon as released he almost invariably gost to feedn or to look innidly about
	layer_10: a cal usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably gost o fedn or to look initly about
	layer_12: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably gost o feeden or to look innitly about

file: 6841-88291-0031.flac
expected: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have our teeth filled
	layer_2: tes sis wich it hapens bat onts an a live tim and is overan tin seconcs a comvere ded ni tod those ovuso af had or teth fil
	layer_4: the sids wich it hapen's bet onts an a live tim and his overintinsecence accomfer dd nit tod those ovus wo hof had oarteth fil
	layer_6: the sides which it happens but once an alive time and his over intend secons accomfor didnit to those of us who have had our teeth felld
	layer_8: besides which it happens but once in alive time and is over in ten seconds a comfor didnye to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_10: besides which it happens but once in a live time and is over in ten seconds a comfort denye to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_12: besides which it happens but once in a live time and is over in ten seconds a comfort denye to those of us who have had our teethfield

file: 6841-88291-0032.flac
expected: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_2: ene o he littlanimmls was but a fu mont sold so the riared did no bothe withi sinlxes be tus es luporveridts neck
	layer_4: one of the little lanimls was but a fe monthsold so the rittredid not bo the with it s hinla exs buttals is lupover adts neck
	layer_6: one of the litte animas was but a fw monthsould so the riter did not bother with its hine layix but talst his lup over its nec
	layer_8: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the writer did not bothr with its hin legs but tostd his loop over its neck
	layer_10: one of the litte animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but toussed his loop over its neck
	layer_12: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the wrider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck

file: 6841-88291-0033.flac
expected: mister frost's bull calf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_2: mistrefrused bol ca alonea pictore of histry shols the attuds
	layer_4: mister frossid bol cafal lon at pig tore of histery shos the etituds
	layer_6: mister froshed bul cafalon ant picg toro history shos the atitudes
	layer_8: mister fhrose bulcaf alone at picgtorro history shows the attitudes
	layer_10: mister frosta bullcaff alone at pigtoral history shows the atitudes
	layer_12: mister frosta bullcalf alone at pigtoral history shows the atitudes

file: 6841-88291-0034.flac
expected: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehending excitement and the absolute matter of fact imperturbability of horse and rider
	layer_2: and thin of cors ther was agoargeus contres thetoe n all this frinte n ancoper hinin exidment and the epslod madter of fact imn prpeto biloty of horsond riter
	layer_4: and then of course there was ta gorges contress e twen all this frantck an uncomperhinein eccidment and the epslue matter of fact in propea tobillity of horcon rigter
	layer_6: and then of course there was the gorgies contras between all this frantic and uncomperhinean excidement and the abslupe matter of fact ind proputability of horseon riter
	layer_8: and then of course there was te gorgie's contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehenand excitement and the absolute matter of fact in pereputability of horse an writer
	layer_10: and then of course there was the gorgeou's contrasts between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider
	layer_12: and then of course there was the gorgeu's contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider

file: 6841-88291-0035.flac
expected: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with a whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_2: as inerwas bisines n ess thecavfos te smoon the littl bes wene overepromply biththe grount the wack nd was ponsuponind hld
	layer_4: as he knewe was business an ass thec cavefas a smallon the littlel becse wen overpromply but the groun wit the wack and was ponsupon ind hild
	layer_6: as he knew as business and as the cafwas a smallone the little base went over promptly bit the grownd with the wack and was poune upon in held
	layer_8: as he knew his business and as the caf was a small one the little beas went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon in held
	layer_10: as he knew his business and as the caf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wak and was pounced upon and held
	layer_12: as he knew his business and as the caf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wag and was pounced upon and held

file: 6841-88291-0036.flac
expected: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and end by struggling back to the upright
	layer_2: he wuld cet mse on on foit scram wl vigl was sly and in bustruoglen bact to the uprit
	layer_4: he wud kets imsel on one foot scram wil vigr las sly and in bustroglent back to the up right
	layer_6: he woud kets himself on one foot scramle vigulausly and in by struglent back to the upright
	layer_8: he would ketch himself on one foot scramled vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_10: he would katch himself on one foot scrambled vigorously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_12: he would katch himself on one foot scrambled vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright

file: 6841-88291-0037.flac
expected: you can imagine what happened next
	layer_2: he con a madge what haprnek
	layer_4: he con a madgein what hapinnext
	layer_6: he can amag n what happen next
	layer_8: hou can imagin what happen next
	layer_10: you can imagine what happened next
	layer_12: yo can imagine what happened next

file: 6841-88291-0038.flac
expected: this is productive of some fun if it fails
	layer_2: thisus pre dectlofs on fneof art fals
	layer_4: this us prdect ofs and fon of t fails
	layer_6: this is prductoson fon of it fails
	layer_8: this is productiveof som fon of it fails
	layer_10: this is productive of som fond of it fails
	layer_12: this is productive of som fond of it fails

file: 6841-88291-0039.flac
expected: by now the branding was in full swing
	layer_2: but nouthe brann was afrswing
	layer_4: but now the branin was and for swin
	layer_6: but now the bran n was a for swi
	layer_8: but now the brann was a foulr swin
	layer_10: but now the brandon was a ful swing
	layer_12: but now the brandon was a fule swing

file: 6841-88291-0040.flac
expected: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_2: when hnoses fel the turn in wak towr the fir s amatteof ors rearlyd ei the cast fl
	layer_4: when h nose tes fell they turn in walke dtoware the fire as ameateof cource rarly id the caset fil
	layer_6: when the nuwstes fell they turn in walke toware the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast faill
	layer_8: when the nusis fell they turned and walke toward the fire as a matter of course rarly did the cast fail
	layer_10: when the noeises fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_12: when the nuses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail

file: 6841-88291-0041.flac
expected: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_2: men ran ton fro bisin antent
	layer_4: men ran two an fro busien intent
	layer_6: men rand to anfro busi and intent
	layer_8: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_10: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_12: men ran to and fro busy and intent

file: 6841-88291-0042.flac
expected: sometimes three or four calves were on the ground at once
	layer_2: sometamestre  for cals ron the grounded ntcs
	layer_4: some timesthr fore caws ron the grounded woncs
	layer_6: sometimes thregha four cas wereon the grounded once
	layer_8: sometimes throug a four cas were on the ground at once
	layer_10: sometimes throg or four cas were on the ground at once
	layer_12: sometimes thrg or four cas were on the ground at once

file: 6841-88291-0043.flac
expected: dust eddied and dissipated
	layer_2: tus atiddisuppated
	layer_4: hust atidndisippated
	layer_6: tust eigdedn disipated
	layer_8: thust aighidn dissipated
	layer_10: dust eigied an discipated
	layer_12: dust eied an dissipated

file: 6841-88291-0044.flac
expected: no more necked calves they announced
	layer_2: tne more ni taves they nounst
	layer_4: no more nike tcaves theynouncst
	layer_6: no more nec caves they nounced
	layer_8: no more nick caves they announced
	layer_10: no more nickd caves they announced
	layer_12: no more nick caves they announced

file: 6841-88291-0045.flac
expected: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_2: thenhy was spirn as hane andgoweted lon
	layer_4: then he woal sputln as hance and go it ed l lon
	layer_6: then he would spelon his handce and go it it alon
	layer_8: then he would spel on his hands and go it it along
	layer_10: then he would spi on his hands and go ot it alon
	layer_12: then he would spil on his hands and go it it alon

file: 6841-88291-0046.flac
expected: if luck attended his first effort his sarcasm was profound there's yore little calf said he
	layer_2: of lukoldtinied his firsteffered his sara casin was per found thersyore lol cave said he
	layer_4: of lok ld tented is firsteffered his sara casin was prfound theres yor litl cave said he
	layer_6: of luck attented is first efford his sar casimwas profound there's your litle caf said he
	layer_8: of luck ittended his first effort his sorgcasom was profound there's your litle calp said he
	layer_10: if luck atended his first effort his sorcasm was profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_12: if luck atended his first effort his sarocasm was profound there's your little calf said he

file: 6841-88291-0047.flac
expected: would you like to have me tote it to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with yore little old iron
	layer_2: wich ye lact tha have my tot at or d rekon you cou toblo this far with you or lilodarne
	layer_4: which yoe lac to have me tot a to yu or dyou re k an you coul tot e this for with you or littlod arn
	layer_6: which you lecke to have me tot a to you or do you reken you could totle this far with you or little oad iron
	layer_8: whoich you like to have me totit to you or d you reckon you could tole this far with youor little ode iron
	layer_10: would you like to have me tote to you or do you reckon you could totle this far with your little oad iron
	layer_12: would you like to have me totet to you or d you reckon you could totle this far with your little oad iron

file: 6841-88291-0048.flac
expected: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_2: to oard nown the worke slict
	layer_4: to woard nein the work slact
	layer_6: toward know in the work slact
	layer_8: toward no n the work slacked
	layer_10: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_12: toward noon the work slacked

file: 6841-88291-0049.flac
expected: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the branding finished
	layer_2: finly hon arod over to the cal men hind repore the brand en finshd
	layer_4: fimaly hom arod over to the calleman and reported the brand in finished
	layer_6: fimealy hom arode over to the cattemen and reportod the brand infinished
	layer_8: finally hom roade over to the cattlement and reported the brandan finished
	layer_10: finally homa rode over to the cattlment and reported the brandon finished
	layer_12: finally homa rode over to the cattlment and reported the brandon finished

file: 6841-88291-0050.flac
expected: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_2: the leater cuner the marxs inis tollidbok
	layer_4: the lattr counetor the marks in his talebook
	layer_6: the latter countder the morks in his tally book
	layer_8: the latter counted the morks in his talle book
	layer_10: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_12: the latter counted the marks in his tally book

file: 6841-88291-0051.flac
expected: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_2: on hundered seveiny six he annousd
	layer_4: one hundredn seventy sic he anounsd
	layer_6: one hundred an seventy six he aounced
	layer_8: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_10: one hundred d seventy six he announced
	layer_12: one hundred d seventy six he announced

file: 6841-88291-0052.flac
expected: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_2: thae marke rs sqwat ed on ther hels toll ove the bitsofvears they at saved
	layer_4: the marcers squat ednon ther hels told over the bits o vears they it saved
	layer_6: the markes squated on their hels told over the bitsef vers they hid saved
	layer_8: the markes squatted on their heels toled over the bitsevers they had saved
	layer_10: the markers squatted on their heels toled over the bit sovers they had saved
	layer_12: the markers squatted on their heels toled over the bit overs they had saved

file: 6841-88291-0053.flac
expected: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_2: btha tol a moanid tod but an hunderin seveny five
	layer_4: the tole amouned to but an hunder n seveny five
	layer_6: the tole amouned to but in hundrd and seveny five
	layer_8: the totle amounted to but m hundred and seventy five
	layer_10: the totl amounted to but on hundred and seventy five
	layer_12: the totl amounted to but an hundred and seventy five

file: 6841-88291-0054.flac
expected: finally wooden discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_2: fon tly wldedo scovrdid hs hipocket
	layer_4: finly woldn e scoverditin as hip pockt
	layer_6: finly woudn't te scovered itn has hipt pocket
	layer_8: finly wouldn't discovered it in his hit pocket
	layer_10: finally wouldn't discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_12: finally wouldn't discovered it in his hip pocket

file: 6841-88291-0055.flac
expected: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning but did not seem to be tired
	layer_2: the id been doon arreslers heve y workal the mornin bha did no seeneto betire
	layer_4: they had been doon aresslerse heave you work al the morn in be did not seene to betired
	layer_6: they had been doin arreslers heav you work al the mornin thet did not seend to betired
	layer_8: they had been doing ar restler's have y work all the morning thet did not seem to be tired
	layer_10: they had been doing a restler's heavy workd all the morning bhet did not seem to be tired
	layer_12: they had been doing a restler's heavy work all the morning thet did not seem to be tired

file: 6841-88291-0056.flac
expected: i saw once in some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_2: a sowontsas some crank fisl culter periyouticale that a caboas lite was fisicaly led bouncs liconorsmens ind thadyd exter sas donlas serde mues othe body
	layer_4: al so wentcs as somecraink fvisial cultur peryouticule that a caboys life was fisicaly ild bounce lican orsmens in thated extur sis donlys certai muses o the body
	layer_6: il so once as some crank fhisical culture perioticle that a caboy's lif was pisically ild bouncd like an orsmens in that id extercized only certain mussls of the body
	layer_8: ill some once a some crank physical culture periotical that a caboy's life was physically ill boulnced like an orsmans an that itd exercized only certain muscles of the body
	layer_10: i'l so once a some cranke physical culture periodical that a cow boy's life was physically ill bouanced like an orsmans and that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_12: i'll so once a some cranked physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill bolanced like an orsmans and that it exercised only certain muscles of the body

