file: 3660-172183-0000.flac
expected: geraint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_2: trnts nstn s  ths r n t tnn
	layer_4: trint ase n st d won he wis  ottheos ct frecon te trnomans
	layer_6: terint asid min osto d wan hi was o ottheos cot fre gwon to trnomans
	layer_8: trint asid gmin osto d wan hi wis o ottheos cot fre gwon tod trnomons
	layer_10: trint asid gmin sto d wan he wis o ottheos cot fre gwon to trnomons
	layer_12: terint asid min osto d wan he was o ottheos cot fre gwon tod trnomons

file: 3660-172183-0001.flac
expected: before geraint the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_2: brntstnnsstt  n t thstbftr
	layer_4: be forint thscodo  anim i sostd t wit fnan ato the shod ofbat f fifltrnt
	layer_6: be fodrint th scado  anim i sostd wt wit fnan ato the shod of bat af fifltrnt
	layer_8: be fodrint th scado  anim i sostd wit wit fnan ato the shod ofbat af fifltrnt
	layer_10: be fodrint th scod  anim i sosted wit wit fnan ato the shod ofbat af fifltrnt
	layer_12: be fodrint thsgood  anim i sosted wit wit fonan ato the shot ofbatl af fafltrnt

file: 3660-172183-0002.flac
expected: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_2: tsttnstr
	layer_4: thstitins cimdrbin
	layer_6: thestitings cimdrbin
	layer_8: theestitings cimtor bin
	layer_10: thestitings cimtor bin
	layer_12: thestitings cimtorben

file: 3660-172183-0003.flac
expected: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_2: n snnt nsnt ntmtn
	layer_4: noat  b mcond sn onte hafinsas hers nothi w flndom thints
	layer_6: noat  bimicond asin onti hafansas hers nothi w hfoondom thenthas
	layer_8: noat  bimicond fasin onti hafinsacs hers nothei wo hfolondom thentas
	layer_10: noat  bi micond fasin onti hafinsacs hers notheig wo hfolondom thentas
	layer_12: noat y bi micond fasin onti havinsacs hers nothig wo hfol ondome thentas

file: 3660-172183-0004.flac
expected: and the tears she shed and the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_2: n tssdtin t rn
	layer_4: an th tissad in the wrsispolcron e ocom
	layer_6: an th tishsad an the rdsisbl cran e ocom
	layer_8: an th tishsad in the wrdsidspol grin e ocom
	layer_10: an th tissad in the wrdsidspol grin e ocom
	layer_12: an th tisesad an the word sispol gron e wocom

file: 3660-172183-0005.flac
expected: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_2: n  btmst trtrnstnt tnnstwtr smsrnplls tts
	layer_4: an flbetidmsat he thre trnistan to thon nst wathererfblos mistrinsolcompleltas tho dis
	layer_6: and fl be tidm sat he thare trnist an tl thon nst wather iefb wos mistringsolcomplelctas thod das
	layer_8: and vl be tidm sat he thare trnist  an t thon nost wather iefb woas mistringsol complelctas thod das
	layer_10: and vl be tidm sat he thare trnist an to thon nst wather irfb woas mistringsolcomplelctas thod das
	layer_12: an evl be tidme sat he thare trnist  an t thon noost wather irvb woas mistringsolcomplelctas thod das

file: 3660-172183-0006.flac
expected: then geraint went to see erbin
	layer_2: thnrnntn
	layer_4: thanrin wintsrin
	layer_6: thanrin wants rin
	layer_8: thanrin wints rin
	layer_10: thanrin wants rin
	layer_12: thanrin wan ts ren

file: 3660-172183-0007.flac
expected: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_2: t n n nstnnntrnn tmt
	layer_4: srat han goncpondecwast onimnottrtdnwan imicombc
	layer_6: srat h nangonecpondecwast on imnotrtnwan imicombac
	layer_8: srat h nanggoongh cponde cwast on imnottrtnwan imicombac
	layer_10: srat h nanggonge cponde cwast on imnottrtnwan imicombacc
	layer_12: srat h nanggoonge cponde cwast on imnottsrtn wan imicom bac

file: 3660-172183-0008.flac
expected: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_2: ttnt ttsnsntrtn
	layer_4: tc thaoant thipessonsontmreitrn
	layer_6: tac thifoanto thipesisonsontlmireitrrn
	layer_8: tc thifooanto thipesisonsontl miritrrn
	layer_10: tic thifooanto thipes istonsontl mireitrrn
	layer_12: tac thifoonto thipes istonsont l mireitrrn

file: 3660-172183-0009.flac
expected: but one person only will go with me
	layer_2: bt ntrsn
	layer_4: bat an prsin ln wogat m
	layer_6: bat an prsin ln wogat m
	layer_8: bat an prson ln wo gat m
	layer_10: bat an prsin ln wo goat m
	layer_12: pat an prson lne wo gootm

file: 3660-172183-0010.flac
expected: and he desired enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_2: n tst ni t trsn trttnd c bn
	layer_4: ande dsid in idto mont her hs antrrid fd nde cebe lon w efam
	layer_6: ande desid n i to mont her hos antrrid fod ande cebe lln w e fam
	layer_8: ande dosid en id to mont her hos antrrid fod ande cepe llong w efam
	layer_10: ande dosid e n i to mont her hoas antrrid fd ande cepe llng w efam
	layer_12: ande dosid en i to mont her hos antrrid fod ande ceba llng wy efiam

file: 3660-172183-0011.flac
expected: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_2: an n ssbnttnntnrdt
	layer_4: and an ls spcando t sin not thwon wrdthr
	layer_6: and an lasi spcando t sin not tho won wrdthr
	layer_8: and an lasi spcando t sin not tho won wrdfther
	layer_10: and an lasi specando t sin not tho won wrdfther
	layer_12: and an lasi specando t sin not tho won wrdether

file: 3660-172183-0012.flac
expected: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat and my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_2: n t tstststsntn d ttnt tsmnttr
	layer_4: an th thosotstesit  simidif in mid datpath hind o ts mn att witnodratd
	layer_6: and th thosots t osit a simidift an mid datbth hand o ths mam atto withlnodratd
	layer_8: and th thosocs t osit a semidift an mid datbth hand o ths mam atto withnnodratd
	layer_10: and th thosocs t osit a semidift an mid dafbath hand o ths mam atto withlnnodratd
	layer_12: and tho thoshocs tos it a semidifeet an mid dafbathi hand o ths mam acto withelnnodratd

file: 3660-172183-0013.flac
expected: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_2: n rstn
	layer_4: and re sdom an at not bl
	layer_6: and ere sdom an hat not fbl
	layer_8: and ere sdom an hat not fblg
	layer_10: and ere sfdom an hat not fbl
	layer_12: and ere svdom an hat not fblg

file: 3660-172183-0014.flac
expected: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_2: in snrdntssbrstnt
	layer_4: an sin nolt won rtantm nlis isbecfrst onto th
	layer_6: an si nolt won rtantom anlis isbecfrst on tof th
	layer_8: and sin nolt won rtantom anlis isbecfrst oan tof th
	layer_10: and sin nolt won wrtantom an lis isbecfrst on tof th
	layer_12: an sin nolt won wrtantom an lis isbecfrst on tof th

file: 3660-172183-0015.flac
expected: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_2: tssnnnt ts
	layer_4: a wo do wis frs canlins is coninto ti ds
	layer_6: a wo do wis frs canlans acs con into thi dos
	layer_8: am wo do wis frs canlans acs oco in to ti dos
	layer_10: a w do wis frs canlans acs oco in to ti dos
	layer_12: a w do wis frs canlants acs con in to thi dos

file: 3660-172183-0016.flac
expected: ah maiden said he it is vain to attempt proceeding forward
	layer_2: t tsnttnprsnd
	layer_4: omisat h id s ntwitampr sitinfid
	layer_6: omidsat h id s intwatamprsiting fid
	layer_8: o midsat h id s intwatampr siting fid
	layer_10: o midsat h id s antwitamprsiting fid
	layer_12: o misat h id s intwatampr siting fed

file: 3660-172183-0017.flac
expected: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_2: tninnmntrrnrnstrnst th thsssnt
	layer_4: ican ob an himindre frinfromsltowrinsath do tho thfsthe hos s n sldnat
	layer_6: aican opb an mindore frinfromslthowrinasat h do thol thaf waso the hos s n sld nat
	layer_8: ai can opb an mindre frinfromsltowrinasat h do tho thaf waso the hoas s n sld nat
	layer_10: ai can opb an mindre frinfromsltowrin asat h do tho thaef woaso the hoas s n sld nat
	layer_12: ai can opb an mindre frinfromslto</s>wrin asat h do thol thaef waso the hoas s n slyd nat

file: 3660-172183-0018.flac
expected: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_2: ntst ttpttrnstnnrn
	layer_4: wincthe solth d  dap shlt teronde isf wcnan nhron h wo
	layer_6: wincho sl the d v d ap slt terondo isap wo wcnand hr pon he wolc
	layer_8: wincho sl th d v d ap slt torrondod isape wowcconand hr pon he wolc
	layer_10: wincho sl the d v d ap slt torrondord isape wo wconand hr pon he wolc
	layer_12: wincho sl the d v d ap selt torrondort isape wo waconand hr pon he wolc

file: 3660-172183-0019.flac
expected: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowers mowing the meadows
	layer_2: n  trtn h ntntnnt ttsnnnn s
	layer_4: an thi lafthe worthn thi cnton ofin conto ait mat ls onon anand mwis mi thmats
	layer_6: an thi lafthe wort a thi cnton opinconto ai t mat ls onon hanand mowais mi th mats
	layer_8: an thi lafthe wort a thi cnton ofinconto a t mat ls on on hanand mowais mi th mats
	layer_10: an thi lafthe wort a thi cnton ofin conto ai t mat ls on on hanand mowais mi th mats
	layer_12: an thi lafthe wort n thi cnton olfin conto a t mat ls on on hanand mowais mi th mats

file: 3660-172183-0020.flac
expected: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_2: ml btssnttfswnstnsts
	layer_4: moae ad lo be tisplsinto th fas wan stho com histlson
	layer_6: maade atd lo pe tisfls into th afas wan s tho com histlson
	layer_8: malade atd la pe tisfls into th afas wan stho com hastlson
	layer_10: malade ad lo pe tisfls into th afas wan stho com hastlson
	layer_12: malade ad lo pe tispls into the afas wan s tho com hastlson

file: 3660-172183-0021.flac
expected: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_2: tsttnttnr
	layer_4: wolt thlf micontl sa tot an tthim mo frm
	layer_6: wlt thl f mi concl sa thot an tthim ml frm
	layer_8: wolt thl f mi concl sa thot an tithim ml frm
	layer_10: wlt thl f mi conclsa thot an tithi mlf frm
	layer_12: wlt thl f mi conclsa thewot an tathin ml frm

file: 3660-172183-0022.flac
expected: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_2: tt  n
	layer_4: wattsot of m hind
	layer_6: wattsot of ml hined
	layer_8: wattsot of ml hind
	layer_10: wattsot of ml hined
	layer_12: wattsot of ml hinged

file: 3660-172183-0023.flac
expected: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_2: than tstn ttrt
	layer_4: tha thi oston tote re ps
	layer_6: ha the osthon tocte re ps
	layer_8: ha the osthon tocte re ps
	layer_10: ha the osthon tocte re ps
	layer_12: ha the osthon tocte re ps

file: 3660-172183-0024.flac
expected: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_2: nst httntnt ntntsln
	layer_4: i goonlld sat htommtthinnt ndecondatomto s lon
	layer_6: i goonolld sat h tomt thinnt andagondactomto os lain
	layer_8: i goonolld s at h tommt thinnt ant agondactomto os lagon
	layer_10: i goonolld s at h tommtthennit and a gon dactomto os lagon
	layer_12: iy goonollod s at h tommt thennt nd a gon dactomto os lagon

file: 3660-172183-0025.flac
expected: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_2: t s
	layer_4: a wl dld s as as ho sast
	layer_6: ai wl dladd s a s as ho sast
	layer_8: ai wl dladd s a s as ho sast
	layer_10: ai wl dladd s a s as ho sast
	layer_12: ai wl dlod s a s as ho sast

file: 3660-172183-0026.flac
expected: and after they had eaten and drank geraint went to sleep and so did enid also
	layer_2: n f thtnntrrnntltnsnds
	layer_4: an af thid  nindrinc trin wantslt in soddin idlsl
	layer_6: an af thad  nandrinc trin wanteslt in sodedin idls
	layer_8: an af thad  nindrinc trin mwantslt an sodedin idls
	layer_10: an af thad  nandrinc trin mwantslt an sode din idls
	layer_12: an af  thid e nindringgc tring mwan teslt an sote din idls

file: 3660-6517-0000.flac
expected: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_2: the ttnnt trlt prttsnntf tn nrdtnls
	layer_4: th dtn on on ptd pat t rl the pra te ofs in man othesapaf ban onre midinlbs
	layer_6: th dittin on on ptd pat thrlt tho pra de opss an man o theshapaf ban onre midinlbs
	layer_8: th dittsing on on ptd pat thrl tho pra de opss an man of thesapaf ban onre midinlbs
	layer_10: th dittsin on on ptd pat th rl tho pra de opss an man of thesapaf ban onre midinlbs
	layer_12: th dattsing on on ptd pat th rl tho pra te opss an man of theshapav ban onre midinlbs

file: 3660-6517-0001.flac
expected: bowers attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_2: bs ttstsrsnrsttnstsbnstrstssnstnntnsnsrt
	layer_4: blos a tathe sipst srdd redlis nerstodtemsin breimasbs b onstoa orscsson stin hicontans in hlasratt
	layer_6: blos a tacthe sifpst srdd red lis onerstodtem st ing breimashbs b onstoa momrscsson stin hicontans on thlasratt
	layer_8: blos a tacthe sifpst srdd red lis onerstodtem st ing breimashbs bi onstoag momrs csson stoin hicont ans on thlaseratt
	layer_10: blos a tacthe sifpst srdd red lis onerestodtem st ing breimasbs bi onstoag momrs csson stin hicont ans on thlaseratt
	layer_12: blos a tacthe sifpsto srvadd red lis onereestodtem sat ing breimashbs bi onstoaig momrs csson stoin hicont ans on thelaseratt

file: 3660-6517-0002.flac
expected: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_2: ttt tnbtntr th nnbttts  trrnttntmn
	layer_4: with o tstmthelecnombe ct ondrwitthe han pom bi todl afits of e cotrrenroto tondiminit
	layer_6: bwith o stmp thele conombe capt onder witthe han pom bi todl afits of e coter renroto tondi minats
	layer_8: witho stmp thele conombe capt onder witthe han pom bi todl afits of e coter ren roto tonde minis
	layer_10: withow stmp thele conombe capt onder witthe han pom bi toodl afits of e coter ren rto tonde minats
	layer_12: withow stm p thele conombe capt onder witthe han pom bi todl afits of e coter vren roto tonde minas

file: 3660-6517-0003.flac
expected: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_2: ss nnrprsn llntnsrntrstt
	layer_4: ase sepws an n er prsn afl lancodsn twit srtnmfti antridefros tt
	layer_6: as i shapws an n ir prasind hafl lan codison twat srtnmfti antreiteforos ct
	layer_8: as i shapws an n ir prasin hafl ladn codison twit srtnmftig antreiteforos cit
	layer_10: as e shapws an n er prasin hafl lain codison twit srtnmoftig antreiteforos ect
	layer_12: as e sha pws an n er pras en havle lain godison twit srtnmoftig antreteforows ecit

file: 3660-6517-0004.flac
expected: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_2: thltrntnwsftn prbsftsmr
	layer_4: thlad crintant wis potopim propa soffat mind fr
	layer_6: thelad grintant wis potoppam propa sofpat mid fr
	layer_8: the ladg grintant wis potoppim proppa sofpac mad r
	layer_10: the lad grintant wis potoppim proppe sofpac mid fr
	layer_12: the lad grintant wis potoppam proppe sofpoc mid r

file: 3660-6517-0005.flac
expected: the engine room staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists were stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_2: tntrsttannssbbnnnsntsstnl t th rtnnssnst tsbanr
	layer_4: the andromstainanss pblon thandons sintis ostn therlafitrs the cocre fritin iscl inslft n a singolsbtbat hat is ban hef rcrs
	layer_6: the andromstainanss pblon thandons sintis o ston ther lafbitrs the cocre fritin is cal ansfot no a singol sbatbat hat is ban hef rcs
	layer_8: the angromstaan anss pblon th angons sintis o ston ther lafbitrs the cocre freting is cal an slfot no a singol sbatbat hat is ban ef rcers
	layer_10: the ancromstaan anss pblon th angons sintis o ston ther lafvitrs the cocre freting is cal an slfot no a singol sbatbat hat is ban ef rcrrs
	layer_12: the angromstaan anss peblon th angons sintis wo ston ther lafvitrs the cocre freting is caly an slfot no a singol sbatbat hat is ban ef rcrs

file: 3660-6517-0006.flac
expected: the men's space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch to the stem on the main deck
	layer_2: nsbststrttnsrottstnnt
	layer_4: the mansbs sachiss thafrctansfroneac thestammonthemindc
	layer_6: the mansbs sachass theafrctansfronefhac theastammonthemindac
	layer_8: the mansbs sachoss the aforctansfronefhacc theastammonthemindac
	layer_10: the mansbs sacoss the aforctansfron efhac theastammonthemin dac
	layer_12: the mansbis sacoss the aforctans fron efhac thea stammonthemin dac

file: 3660-6517-0007.flac
expected: under the forecastle are stalls for fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_2: n tcsststntnsmsbs tt nstsrntstt wt
	layer_4: and thefocaslestls ofef tinpons omaconesbs wet t the nro e riospsn rant s tactit wit fott
	layer_6: and thefocaslwistls wof fif tinpons o maconisbs wet ht the ro e ri ospson rand s tactit witsfotcr
	layer_8: and thefocaslestls woffif tinpons oe maconisbs wet ht the ro e re ospson froand s tactit witsfotcr
	layer_10: and thefocaslestls wof fif tinpons o maconispis wet ht the r e re ospson frand s tactit witsfotcr
	layer_12: and the focaslestls wof fif tinpons o maconispis wet ht the r e ri ospson ran s tactiyt witsfotcr

file: 3660-6517-0008.flac
expected: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is the small booby hatch the only entrance to the men's mess deck in bad weather
	layer_2: b insssbtntst nts stnt
	layer_4: mt le b hinthefo cs bl cads  smlblb at thelandsto th mans mast on at oth
	layer_6: mt li b hinthefo cas bl cads o smlb b hac thelandost ofthe mans mastai an bat wath
	layer_8: mbt li b hinthefo cas lbl cads o sml b b hac thelandost ofthe mans mastai an bat woth
	layer_10: mbt li b hinthefo cas lbl cads o sml b b hac thelandost ofthe mans mastai an bat woth
	layer_12: mbet li be hinthefo cas lbl cads o sml b be hac thelangost ofthe mans mastai an bat woth

file: 3660-6517-0009.flac
expected: abaft the fore hatch is the ice house
	layer_2: bt s
	layer_4: bot e  hact tso
	layer_6: bot he  haccos thso
	layer_8: bo hef  haccos thso
	layer_10: bof ef  haccos th sos
	layer_12: o bof e  haccos th iso

file: 3660-6517-0010.flac
expected: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_2: s ttrtns n ndstctss ntrtrssst bstrtsnnsntts
	layer_4: we minsthogat tritonses on hoandre siseto cacssomn nd trcrcssb be sits o bos f sw brats incids ind thsbs
	layer_6: wei minshogat tritonseis on hoandre siseto cacs sofmon and trecarccs s ob be sits o bacs of s w bracs incidns ind thsbs
	layer_8: weminsho g at tritonsefis on hoandre csisecto cacos sofmon and trcarccs s ob be sics o boacs of s we bracs incidns ind thsbs
	layer_10: weminsho gat tritonsefis on hoandre csiseto cacos sofmon and trcarcces s obf be sics o boacs of s wee bracs incidns ind thisbs
	layer_12: weminsho g at tretonsefvis on hondre csiseto cacos sofmon and trecarcces s obf be sics o boacs of s we bracs incidns ind fthesbs

file: 3660-6517-0011.flac
expected: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cargo and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_2: srn tnnstt tetrdnn  tl  ttn nsntnsstrtn tttnblnnr s tntn
	layer_4: h sa rontinin hislst atto te cot rdeminnd i ce rl hafe dcioaind won is nalincos cnsrnintat er ithin hecombedan b lasnnscrin has bindon
	layer_6: the sacs rontinin hislast atcto te got ordemincond mi cerel hafe dacaio aind won is nacholincos con srnintbat er ithin hicombe don bi lasingonscrin has bindon
	layer_8: the sacs rentanin hislast atcto te got ordemincond mi cerrl hafe dacaio aind won is nacholincos con srnintbat er ithin vicombe dan bi lasinonscrin has bindon
	layer_10: the sac rentanin hislast atcto te got ordemincond mi cer rel have dacaio aind won is nacholincos con srnintbat er ithin vicombe don bi lasinonscrin has bindon
	layer_12: the sacs rontanin hislast atecto te got ordemincond mi cer reole have dacaio aind won es nacolincos con srnintbat er ithin vecombe don bi lasingonscering has bendon

file: 3660-6517-0012.flac
expected: forage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbourne
	layer_2: rlt trtn sfprstn r
	layer_4: frec relot if tri ton sof cmprst o n  rmmlbn
	layer_6: frec relot ief thri ton s of cmprast ot n  frmmlbnn
	layer_8: freg regelot ef thre ton s of cmprast ot n h rmmlbn
	layer_10: frec reglot ef thre tons of cmprast ot n h frmmlbn
	layer_12: freg reglot iev thre ton s of cmprast ot n h rmmlbn

file: 3660-6517-0013.flac
expected: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_2: thsnsnntnntsttnt nrn  dntnssrtntstnstns intfrssst
	layer_4: th smis ll incintinansactof ffomsonslt i soncnrn i ganwic bls witmass e ratingldon fls tanstoflinsoft in thic frsflsis fact w ht lthins
	layer_6: th smis ll incintinancsachof ffomson shlt o sonconrn i ganwich bls witmass e ratingldon fls tanstoflinsoft in thics frsoflsis facto wet lthins
	layer_8: th smis oll incintinandcsacoff fomson shlt o soanconrn i ganwich bls witmass ef ratingldon flos tanstoflins oft in thics frsoflsas facto wet lthins
	layer_10: th smis oll incintinancsacoff ffomson shlt o soanclonrn i ganwic bls witmass e ratingldon flos tanstoflinsoft in thics frsoflsas facto wet lthins
	layer_12: th symis oll incantinandcsacthov ffomson shlt o sonyconrn i ganwic bls wit mass e ratin gld on flos tanstoflins oft in thic frsofvlsas facto wet l thins

file: 3660-6517-0014.flac
expected: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_2: r nso pplsnbt
	layer_4: rt masofppl sombd
	layer_6: grit mas of peple sombd
	layer_8: oegrit mas of peple sombld
	layer_10: oegrit mas of peple sombld
	layer_12: ogryt mas of pepla sombd

file: 3660-6517-0015.flac
expected: k and i lunched with a party in the new zealand company's ship ruapehu
	layer_2: nlnt t  intnnsb
	layer_4: c an i lont e the potin thin ncomn sapwrpo
	layer_6: c an i lonct w o he potin thin sn compn sappwrpo h
	layer_8: c an id lonct wo he potin thin sn comppn sappwrpo h
	layer_10: c an id lonct wo he potin thin sn comppn sappwrpo h
	layer_12: c an id lonct wo he potin thin sn comppn sappwrpo h

file: 3660-6517-0016.flac
expected: telegram to say terra nova had arrived sunday night
	layer_2: rntrn  trsndn
	layer_4: tl rmd s tronoe hat er ri sondin
	layer_6: tld rmd s tronoi hat e ri sondin
	layer_8: tld rimd s taronoi hat e r sondini
	layer_10: tld rimd s taronobi hat e ri son din
	layer_12: tl riomd s taronobi hat er ri sondin

file: 3660-6517-0017.flac
expected: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_2: trslstnt rst brt h bnsbsthtr tt
	layer_4: atthrslastnd  crost o brico th popint isbsiatheto orc pd athoftowin
	layer_6: atthrslastand  crost o brico th po pintispsiathito worc pid athaoftowinc
	layer_8: at thrslastand  crost o brico th po pin t isps hiatheto worc pid bathaofto winc
	layer_10: at thrslast and  crost of brico th po pint isps iatheto worce pid bathaofto winc
	layer_12: at thrslast and e crost o brico th po pint isps hiatheto worce pid bathaofto winc

file: 3660-6517-0018.flac
expected: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_2: stntnnststbnsr
	layer_4: the constowonof tns andtsfs ocpi constrb
	layer_6: the conastowonhof tons andtsfs oacopi con soterb
	layer_8: the cond astowon hof tons andte sfs oaccopi con soterb
	layer_10: the cond as to won hof tons antsfs oacco pi con sterb
	layer_12: the con os to won hof tons andtesps oaco py con sterb

file: 3660-6517-0019.flac
expected: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_2: thss  tbtstnbtsbr
	layer_4: thi shapos of ato fet bathston bat tis l snbromi
	layer_6: thi shippas of ato frt ba th stron bat tis wl sinbromti
	layer_8: thi shippas of ato frt ba th stron bat tis wl sinb romti
	layer_10: thi shippas of ato fret ba th stron bat tis l sinbe romi
	layer_12: thi shappos of ato fret ba th stron bat tis wl soinbe romti

file: 3660-6517-0020.flac
expected: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_2: th sfrsbtndtn tr tntt tr fssns nn
	layer_4: th mosprfos be cindop nthicefen wa sltrst o ot t on dcbat ther posisin is no in
	layer_6: thi mosprfos be cindopp antha gefein wa sltros o fot et on dcbat ther pos isin is no inb
	layer_8: th mosprfos be cindopp antha gefein wa sltros o fot et on dcbat ther pos isin is no ineb
	layer_10: thy mosprfos be cindopp antha gefein wa sltros o fot at on dacbat ther pos isin is no ineb
	layer_12: thy mosprfos be cindopp antha gefean wa sltros o fot et on dcbat ther pos ishin is no inob

file: 3660-6517-0021.flac
expected: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast emits a long pathetic whine
	layer_2: s ftttdtstan f nsrsnpbssn bt tn
	layer_4: e is o pf thathecatitd tele sinifecin ef cldin misrcslsom pobso mit ln pot thaticin
	layer_6: i is o pf thathicatitod de le signafecin ef coldin misrcsinl som pobs o mit long pot thathicin
	layer_8: i is o pf thathcatitod de fle signafecin ef cold in misrcsinl s om pobs o mit long pot thaicin
	layer_10: i is e pf thathcatitod de fle signafecin ef cold in misrcsinl som pobs o mitl long pot thaicin
	layer_12: i is e p thathcatitod de le siggnafecind ef cold ing misrcsinl s om pobs oe mitl long pot thaticwin

file: 3660-6517-0022.flac
expected: there are generally one or two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_2: tn ntntwtsdsss
	layer_4: theran l oni to on ach weicssmads bot  ts  scs
	layer_6: ther rn l oni to on wac weic ss mats bt tis a scc
	layer_8: ther rn l ond e to on wac wic ss mats boat tis a scc
	layer_10: ther rn l on e to on wac wic ss mats boat tis a scwc
	layer_12: ther rn l on e to on wach wec ss mats boat tis o scwc

file: 3660-6517-0023.flac
expected: later in the day the wind has veered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_2: lrn  ttwn st wstatn s
	layer_4: litrn thed the win his adthe wst wotatin a sll
	layer_6: litrn thid the win his adothe wast wothatin a sll
	layer_8: litdrn thi d the win his adothe wast wothatin a sll
	layer_10: lidrnd the d the win his adthe wast wothat in a sll
	layer_12: liern thi d the win his vadothe wast wothat in a sll

file: 3660-6517-0024.flac
expected: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_2: tntns ntmnsssrts bsfnt ns
	layer_4: conaconsin wit ndommint nissonsrmoths woe bise cepin thepons othlc
	layer_6: o con acons in wat andomint ni ssonsrmoths wae bis e cebin thepons o thlic
	layer_8: o con acoms an wat andomint ti ssonsrmoths wae bis e cebin thepons o thalic
	layer_10: o con acons an wat andomint ni ssonsrmoths wae bis e cebin thepons o thalic
	layer_12: o con acons an wat andomint ni ssonsrmoths wae bis e cebin the pons o thalic

file: 3660-6517-0025.flac
expected: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and re lashing the petrol cases et cetera in the best manner possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_2: s tnr tt rbwtanl nl rn fs nsts nstnrlsn ttsstn  bstmn psn stt   ntntrssnt
	layer_4: the s nthinrd pote crobl with l in nl l h and lrin fs n tho wtthesap fincl sicowodn  r lashin thpaclcsssater an the bastmin epsl on h sacs tferclt an dindrsomsints
	layer_6: the was nothin frd potoe crapbl witth l ind nl l h and e lrin fos n the wtthesap hfincl sacowod n  r lashing tepaclcisscsatro an the bastmin  posfl ond sacie dofercld and dindrseomsintos
	layer_8: the was nothing frd poto crapbl witt fl ind nal l h and e lrin fos n theo witthesap hevincl sacowod n e r lashing tepaclocisscsatero an the bastmin  posfl ond sacie dofercold and dindrsoeomsintos
	layer_10: the was nofthing frd poto croppl witt vl ind nal l h and e lrin fos n theo witthe sapp hevincl sacowod n  r lasing tepaclocisscsatero an the bastmin  posvl ond sace dofercold and dindrsoeomsincos
	layer_12: the was nothing frd potoe crappl wet vl ind naly l h and e lrin faos n theo witthisapp hevingcl sacowod on e re lashoing tepaclcisscsatero an the bastmin a posvl ond sacie dofercol and daindrsoeomsiancos

file: 3660-6517-0026.flac
expected: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_2: nsnbnsrsttnsm   ttsnnran t trn
	layer_4: noso w somamblonsoote rsto d hn somicapinli haf w wi tr writhelsin an the rcadhe bedant l ron
	layer_6: no soo wa som samblonsoote rstoo d an sommicsappinli haf wa wad tr writhelasiin an the r cat de bre doant ll ran
	layer_8: no soo wa som samblonsoote restoo d an sommicsappinli haf wi wad tr writhelasiin an the wr ca de bre doant ll ran
	layer_10: no soo wa som samblonsoote restoo d an sommicsappinli haf wa wad tr writhelasiin an the wr ca de bre doant ll ron
	layer_12: no so wa som samblonsoote restoo d an sommicsappinli hav wa wad tr writhelasiing an the r ca te bre dont ll ron

file: 3660-6517-0027.flac
expected: from this moment about four a m the engine room became the centre of interest
	layer_2: rn tsnbrnrbnt nnr
	layer_4: frm thismommint bl from h ansrbcimthe antrintrst
	layer_6: fer thismommint bl from h anrbcim the santrintrst
	layer_8: fer thismommint bl from h anrbcim the santrfintrst
	layer_10: fer thismommint bl from h anrbcim the santrfintrst
	layer_12: fer thismommint bl from h anrbecim the santrfintrst

file: 3660-6517-0028.flac
expected: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_2: t ntsbt  rt
	layer_4: he wotigndisbit f rraet
	layer_6: he woti gindisbat f arafet
	layer_8: he woti gindisbat ef irrafet
	layer_10: he wot i gindisbat f arrafet
	layer_12: <unk>he wolti gindisbat f arr afet

file: 3660-6517-0029.flac
expected: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_2: t tpr
	layer_4: tlt locopad rm
	layer_6: tlt locopad grom
	layer_8: tlt logopad grom
	layer_10: tolt locopad grom
	layer_12: tlt locop</s> ad groms

file: 3660-6517-0030.flac
expected: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_2: te mtt bndw trtws stns
	layer_4: the mont o ot wo s binmid wit the oso rol honl d wis mlstonsr
	layer_6: the mond of ot wo ss bingmd wit the shaso rol honl d wis mlst onsr
	layer_8: the mont of ot wo ss bingmd wit the shoso rol honl d wis mlst onsr
	layer_10: the mont of ot wo ss bingmd wit the shoso rol honl d wis mlst onsrn
	layer_12: the mont of ot wo ss bingmad wht the shopso rofly honl d was mlst onsrn

file: 3660-6517-0031.flac
expected: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_2: st tn s sbn strs wtn
	layer_4: woms ateconfse s bi in mostrofis wt was  don
	layer_6: wims ateconfse s bi id moastrofis wat was  bdon
	layer_8: waims hatoconfse os be id moastrofis wat was o bdon
	layer_10: waims hateconfse wos ben id mostrofis wat was o bedon
	layer_12: woims haticonfse wos ben id mostrofis wat was o be don

file: 3660-6517-0032.flac
expected: the bilge pump is dependent on the main engine
	layer_2: th btptst pant on  mnnsn
	layer_4: th bolt pombs to pandt on th mninon
	layer_6: the blt pombes t o panted on th maninon
	layer_8: the blt pombes to panted on th maninon
	layer_10: the blt pombes t o panted on th man inon
	layer_12: the blt pombes to pantet on th man inon

file: 3660-6517-0033.flac
expected: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_2: nnsstn stnn  rl tf
	layer_4: on oncsin wis wstwon stinnin on the rlo thfo
	layer_6: ond monicsin awis wstwan stantin on the ralo tefo
	layer_8: ond monhicsin iwis wstwn stanting on the rlo thfo
	layer_10: ond monhicsin aowis wstwn stanting on the ralo thfo
	layer_12: ond monhicsin aowas wstwn stanting on the ralo tefo

file: 3660-6517-0034.flac
expected: the afterguard were organised in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safeguard of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale her out
	layer_2: t  nssntps bnstrbt m tltnntnbnsntl th t btnthtntn tnt tss thsrnnnrt ntnt tlrt
	layer_4: hatrgatd w oin is on topats b af instorbocath mi wo castatlegon onthecshotan poms thi sdl thecobedon f eth momint in wot emasto cond os sl sf cot o the sirmnsincin prtedlin atamto blrot
	layer_6: haptogatd wo ogan is on topats b af insto wrbacasthe mhi wa cap statlegon onthi chotan pomps thi sdl thecobe don  th mommint ind wot emaie to condos  sl sf cot o the sirmnsincin pratoedlan atamto blerot
	layer_8: haptogatd wo ogan is on topats b af insto wrbacathe mhi wa cap statlegen onthi chotan pomps thi sdl theco be don  th mommint and wot emasie to condos  sl sf cot o the shiprmnsingcing pratoedlan atamto blerot
	layer_10: haptorgatd wo ogan is on topats b af insto wrbacasthe mhi wa cap statlegon onthi cho tan pomps thi sdl the co be don  th mommint and wot emasie to condos  sl sf cot o the siprmnsingcin pratoedlan atam to blerot
	layer_12: h aptoe gatd wo ogan is on topatys b af insto wrbacathe mhi wo cap statlegon onthi cho tan pomps thi sdl the co be don  th mommint and wot emasie to condos  sl sf cot o the shipfrmnsingcing pratoedlan atamto blerot

file: 3660-6517-0035.flac
expected: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_2: s  bn tn s s st
	layer_4: acsl haf s od b on of th mwan he as l s s cn
	layer_6: acil  ha s wod ba on of th mow an e was l s s chn
	layer_8: acil  haf s wod ba on of the mow an e was l s s chn
	layer_10: acil  haf s wod ba on of the mow an e was l s bs chn
	layer_12: acil  hav s wod ba won of the mow an e was l s bas chin

file: 3660-172182-0000.flac
expected: now this is how arthur hunted the stag
	layer_2: n hss tr nt
	layer_4: nothi ses ho other handod d  stc
	layer_6: nolthi ses ho other hoandod stc
	layer_8: nolthi ses ho other hoandod stg
	layer_10: nolfthi ses ho other hoandod dstc
	layer_12: nolthi shes ho other hond od dstg

file: 3660-172182-0001.flac
expected: and the last dog that was let loose was the favorite dog of arthur cavall was his name
	layer_2: nsts lss f t rt t snn
	layer_4: an the lstoet wos lt leos wos o ffre to o ttht cofl wis is nim
	layer_6: an the lstoit wos lt leos wos o fre tor owthit cofl wis os nim
	layer_8: an the lstorit wos lt leos wes of fvr tord owothit cofl wis os nim
	layer_10: an the lstorit wos lt leos wes of fvr tord ow othit cofl wis os nim
	layer_12: n the lstoret wos latleos wos of fvr tor o attht cofvl was os nim

file: 3660-172182-0002.flac
expected: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_2: ntnt the ttnsnntr
	layer_4: than th sont o the doton fe slin nth oga thedrt
	layer_6: than th son of the doton fe slin anthi oga thedrd
	layer_8: than th son of the docon fe sling an thi oga thedrd
	layer_10: than th son of the docon fe sling an th o ga thedrpd
	layer_12: than thy son of the dopon fe sling an thi o ga thedrd

file: 3660-172182-0003.flac
expected: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_2: nsts in t tld  bsblan n tttt l tt
	layer_4: monwist itsheof in to thlid bs be lof oman a no hato thelid om hlof bst
	layer_6: monwisto atisheof in o thelad bas be lof hiomand a no hato thelade hom h lof d bst
	layer_8: monwisto at isheof in o thelade bas be lof hiomand a no hato thelade hom h lof d bst
	layer_10: monwisto as isheof in o thelade bas be lof  hiomand a no hato thelade hom h lof d bst
	layer_12: monwishto es isthvegof in o thelade bas be lof i hiomand a no hato thelade hom he lofv d bst

file: 3660-172182-0004.flac
expected: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_2: antrmtt l n nnnsant n  tn rtnnsant rn ntflttr tnn nslnsrln ctnrnnrs
	layer_4: an aftrmid th  hld in on sple leminhpn hs an aft hinmi din mrdanms loson os pcan at hr and nt oflistatrbo don n hinsatlin srfl  inclat in broin and wrtlis omr
	layer_6: an aftdrmidd thi e hld in on shble letmandpono hos an afte himid dim mordams lson hlos pacan apt hr and nit of listatrbo don an hinesatlin srfl inclat in brogin and worth lwis omr
	layer_8: an aftdrmid d thi be hld in on shble letmandpono hos an afte himmid dim mordamsn loson hlos pagan apfto hr and nit of ligstacrbo don an hingesatloin sorfl ainclat in brogin and worth lwis omr
	layer_10: an aftdrmid d th be hld in on sble letmand pono hos an afte himmid dim mordamsn loson hlos pagan apto hr and nt of ligstacrbo don an hingesatloin sorfl ainclat in brogin and worth lwis omr
	layer_12: an aftrmid d thie be hald in on shble letmand pono hos an afte hammhad dim mordamsln ooslon hlos pagan apto hr and nyt of lagstacrbo don an hinghesatloin sorfl inclat in brogin and worth lwis omr

file: 3660-172182-0005.flac
expected: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_2: nntbtns ntstnttrnts an mtntt tnsntsnr
	layer_4: in nonot o thopsit bat ins ied glanefrthisthin nit omdrin posod and mtinstat he coms nat rbis onre w
	layer_6: bin nonot ho tho psit  bat inls aed ganefrthis thin nit odrin posod and minggstat e coms nat  rbis oon re wol
	layer_8: bin nonot ho tho psit  bat inls aed ganevrthis thin nit omdring bposod and minggstat he coms nat  rbis oong fre wo
	layer_10: bin nonot ho tho psit  bat inls aed ganevrthissthen nit omdring bposod and mingg stat he coms nat  rbis oon fre wol
	layer_12: bin nonot ho tho psat  bat inls aed ganevrthissthen nit omgoring posod and mingg stat he coms nat  rbis oong fre wol

file: 3660-172182-0006.flac
expected: but geraint has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_2: btrntstn in ninsltn mnt ttr
	layer_4: batrintis ofitconin in ein insltthe mntoth otermst
	layer_6: bathrintis ofiticonin in oini insltthe mntothe ot ermolst
	layer_8: bathrintis ofiticon in in ofini insltothe mntothe ot ermolst
	layer_10: bathrintis ofiticonin in ofini insltolthe mntoth ot ermolst
	layer_12: batherintes ofviticon in in ov vinsi in sltothe mntothe ot ermolst

file: 3660-172182-0007.flac
expected: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_2: tst an th trsntnsnrnptnstltns
	layer_4: lits it h at thegte rs innt nson nofrommantofsoo pit eflan aspctolecoponas
	layer_6: lits it h at thegt the res innt anhison nofromman ofso poat efelan aspctolecopon as
	layer_8: lits it h at the gt the rs innit nhi son noferomman ofso poat efelan aspcteleccopon as
	layer_10: lit s it h at the gt the rs innit nhi son noferomman hofso poit efelan aspactelecopon as
	layer_12: lits it h at the gat the ros innit anhi son nofveromman hofso poit efelan aspactolecopon es

file: 3660-172182-0008.flac
expected: i do said he he tells me that he is edeyrn the son of nudd
	layer_2: t ts tat sttrt sn n
	layer_4: dsa h e tls me that h ist atern th som of natd
	layer_6: id sa h e tls w that h is aterin th som of natd
	layer_8: id sa h e tls w that h is ateran th som of natd
	layer_10: id sa h e tls me that h is ateran th som of natd
	layer_12: id sa h e tls we that he is ateran th son of natd

file: 3660-172182-0009.flac
expected: then she replied i know him not
	layer_2: tn tn n
	layer_4: tansore tlid in no o nat
	layer_6: tansore clid in no om nat
	layer_8: tansore clid in noo om nat
	layer_10: thancsore clid in no om nat
	layer_12: thancsore clidd in o hom nat

file: 3660-172182-0010.flac
expected: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_2: nnttntn anntt
	layer_4: so onefrwantotictommtin an h antort
	layer_6: so onefrwantotigtommt inm an h antort
	layer_8: so oneofvrwantotigtommt anm an h antort
	layer_10: so goneofrwantoltegtommt anm an h antort
	layer_12: s o oneovrwantotegatommt inm an h antort

file: 3660-172182-0011.flac
expected: and geraint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_2: n trnrtnnrn tm plmttnttttps nsstn dnrst ttft
	layer_4: an drincrtte wl an engrtn t hecom pl mtecomathito dothplaseo nsot wis thim midnr sronthe dwl nowetidofett
	layer_6: and drin grtte wl an engrtn t hecom pl met icomathito do thplasafol nsot wis thi madnre seron the dwo nowetedofitit
	layer_8: and drin grtte wrl an engrtn t hecom pl met i com athito do thplasafol nsot wics thi madnre seron the dwo n ao wrt ed ofvitit
	layer_10: and drin grtte wrl an engrtn te hecom pl met i com athito do thplasafal ansot wics thi manre seron the dwo n ao wrt ed ofvititg
	layer_12: and drin grtte wrl and engrtn tle hecom pl met i com a thito do th plasafal nsot wecs thi manre seron the dwo n o wet ede ovetit

file: 3660-172182-0012.flac
expected: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraint will be here
	layer_2: tnttsttttrn
	layer_4: srs acs winthicistlthatrind wl  h
	layer_6: srs acs wanthicistlthacerind wl b h
	layer_8: srfs acs wan thicistlthatcerind wl b h
	layer_10: srfs acs wan thicistlthatcoerind wl b h
	layer_12: srfs acs wan thicistlthat coerind wl b h

file: 3660-172182-0013.flac
expected: to morrow lady i think he will be here with the maiden
	layer_2: tsntm
	layer_4: tmlmasincoob h it te mtnn
	layer_6: tml masingcoob h a te mitnn
	layer_8: tml masingcoo b hi a te mitn
	layer_10: tml masing coo b hi a te mittn
	layer_12: tml mashingcoo be hi at te mitn

file: 3660-172182-0014.flac
expected: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_2: n  mttrbssnst
	layer_4: amldsa  nh haf mat wit mac crobn re sf ds onsoptb
	layer_6: amladcsa h nh ha mat wad mac crobn re s ds onsopotb
	layer_8: amlad csa h nh ha mat wa mac croban re sf ds onsopotbl
	layer_10: amlad csa h nh haf mat wa mac crobln re sf ds onso potebll
	layer_12: amlad csa h nh hav mat wa mach croblon re sv ds onso potebll

file: 3660-172182-0015.flac
expected: well said arthur from what i hear it behooves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_2: trnr bsrtnstts
	layer_4: mwlt otherfon  hr b sgirt bemrsfltlods th
	layer_6: mwltat oat ther fmon  hr be os  girto be mrosfltlods th
	layer_8: wltat oat thr fmoan i hr be hos  gavrto be mrosfltlods th
	layer_10: wltat oat ther fmoan  hr be hos  gart be mrosfltllods th
	layer_12: wltat oat therfomon i hr be hos  gavert be mrosfltlods th

file: 3660-172182-0016.flac
expected: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_2: th sttltrntnnststnt t ttnn f tnt ts
	layer_4: the mrse wets tho dsrs losas wlicrantimsnsedss  ltinto htat in insl ofe ofe tomm sto thisll
	layer_6: the mrse wets thod dsrs ladsas weligrintim snsods s  soltintof hta t in thinsl heofbe ofed tomm sto thisl
	layer_8: the mrse wesc thod dsres lodsas weligrintim sonsods s  soltingtof htat in thinsl eobe ofed tomm asto thisl
	layer_10: the mrse wes thod dsres lodsas weligrintim snsods s  soltingtof htat in thinsl eovbe ofed tom asto thisl
	layer_12: the mrso wotsc thod dsres lodsas weligrantim sonsods s  soltingtof htat in thinsl eove ofed tom ast o thisl

file: 3660-172182-0017.flac
expected: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_2: tsb bstt ttsmn  t rntltn t  m
	layer_4: thos lobe bstd sat othr latthis man haf mico cr an tlo bennnwatheo he minlm
	layer_6: thos lob bastd sat othr latthis man haf mtico cr and talo ben nonwa theof he milam
	layer_8: thos wlo b bastd s at othr latthis man haf mticco cr and talo ben nonwa theo he minlam
	layer_10: thos lo be bastds s  at other latthis man haf mticco cr and talo ben nonwa theof he minlam
	layer_12: thos wl be bastd s  at other latthis man hav mticco car and talo bennonwa th eov he minlim

file: 3660-172182-0018.flac
expected: to guenever and her handmaidens said he
	layer_2: t rnrns
	layer_4: to wrrnr han mat dn sat
	layer_6: to wornr han mitd nsat
	layer_8: to wornr han mit nsath
	layer_10: to wornr han mit nsat h
	layer_12: <unk>to wornr han mit nsat h

file: 3660-172182-0019.flac
expected: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_2: n str hstt
	layer_4: and th stowot  the hlss odotr
	layer_6: an the stowot e he hlsl so odot r
	layer_8: an the stowrt e he hls so odotr
	layer_10: an the stowrt e he hlsl so odot r
	layer_12: and the sto wot e the halsl so odot r

file: 3660-172182-0020.flac
expected: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seem'd so like his own of modred arthur's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_2: nbntnttsntt rdtths nan  tn t rbf t
	layer_4: an bin on e cstosl anr t ht the sin thit t stslice nn o modrd ot thes n and flat lst in therd batlfiin fo thecn
	layer_6: and bin on e cstomsl anr ta hit thi sian thattstsolico onn o modrd ot this nf and flat last an thegrd batl fiin fo thicin
	layer_8: and bein on e cstomsl anr ta hit thi sian thattstsoligo onnn of modrd ot this naf and flat last an thegrd batl fiing fo thicin
	layer_10: and bein on e cistomsl anr ta hit thi sian thattstsoligo onnn o modrd ot this naf and flat last an thegrd batl fiing fo thicin
	layer_12: and be in on e cistomsl anr ta hit thi sian thattstsoligos onnn o modrd ot thes naf and flat last an thegrd batl fiing fof thicin

file: 3660-172182-0021.flac
expected: and when geraint came to the place where guenever was he saluted her
	layer_2: ntrn nt ps  n sttr
	layer_4: n winderin cinmd othpls wi cmon ifer ws e solototr
	layer_6: n wanderin cimd othpls wid gmon ier wos e solototr
	layer_8: n wanderin cimd othepls wid gmon ier wos e solototr
	layer_10: n wanderin cimd othpls wid gmon ier wos e solototr
	layer_12: an wanderin cimd othpls we gon iver wos e solototr

file: 3660-172182-0022.flac
expected: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_2: tn t ntan n tst
	layer_4: than thi wintanin tismont
	layer_6: than thi wintinin dismonto
	layer_8: than thi wintinin tismonto
	layer_10: than thi wintinin tdismonto
	layer_12: than thi wintanin tesmonto

file: 3660-172182-0023.flac
expected: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_2: n trtttr nt t  nbntt
	layer_4: haf hn trtth ti oatthr an the wocmof afin b antoth
	layer_6: haf en tr tcth ia oatthr an the wocmof hafin b antofth
	layer_8: haf en tr tarcth sai oatthr an the wocmof hafin b antofth
	layer_10: haf en tr tacth sa oatthr an the wocmof hafin b antofth
	layer_12: hav en tr tacth sa otther an the wocmof havin be antoth

file: 3660-172182-0024.flac
expected: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edeyrn the son of nudd thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_2: nns tsstrsnrnsn dtstt rsrsr
	layer_4: and in is matoso hast fincwors adderone son of nad tho hastate prosfros cer
	layer_6: and in is mactoso hasd fincwors adderonli son of nad tho hastat e prosfros cer
	layer_8: and in is mactoso hasd fvigccwors adderon li son ofv nad tho hasthat e prosvros cer
	layer_10: and in is mactoso hasd fvinccgwors aderon li son ofv nad tho hastat e prosvros cer
	layer_12: and in is mactos o hasd vigcwors aderon li son ov nad tho hasthat e prosvros cer

file: 3660-172182-0025.flac
expected: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_2: n rtnt b ns
	layer_4: nd tr nat tane bcms w
	layer_6: and fr na tamce bgcmis w
	layer_8: and fr nha timce begcmis w
	layer_10: and fr na tamce becmis w
	layer_12: and fr nhat tance be gcammis w

file: 3660-172182-0026.flac
expected: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_2: an  tntrtpbnt psns nbntnnnnsrsttnsnnt r
	layer_4: and he midntorcoprbort nthe pls an shad manicompinin blth maninwamin an i ws nm mrst tan s nth alhn hef brtn
	layer_6: and he madtorcoprbordt n the pls an shhd manicompainins blth manin waman and hi was nom morst tan s nth alhn ef brtn
	layer_8: andthe midtorcoprbordt n the pls an shhd minecompainins blth manin wimin and hi was nomd morst tan s nth ilhn ef brtn
	layer_10: and he madtorcoprbordt n the pls an shhd manecompainins blth manin wamin and he was nomd morst tan s anth alhn hef brtn
	layer_12: and he madtorcoprbort n the pls an shhd manecompainins bolth manin waman and he wos nomd morst tan s nthe alhn hef brtn

file: 3660-172182-0027.flac
expected: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_2: and rn stn n trt  brstn tlsn nts thnt
	layer_4: and he r an he sacn an atthrd he brstid ts and tols fin id ln othefs of thecindo
	layer_6: and her an ha sacn an atthrd he brstid thos and tols fin hid ln othefs of thecindo
	layer_8: and her an ha sacn an atthrd he br stid thos and tols fin hid ln oothefs of thecindom
	layer_10: and her an ha sacn an atthrd he br stid thos and tols fin hid ln owo thefs of thecindo
	layer_12: and her an ha sacn an atthrd he brsetid thos and tols fin had ln owo thefs of thecindom

file: 3660-172182-0028.flac
expected: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_2: an hrtsnnsrdsnntas  ssrd
	layer_4: and he critste wl asinonclsod gredis naf ind as o asoso gred sld
	layer_6: and he gridste wl as in onglsod gredis naf ind as ofas sho gred s lod
	layer_8: and he gredste wl as in onglsod gredis naf ind as ofas sho gred is ld
	layer_10: and he gretste wl as an onglsod gredis naf ind as ofassho gred s ld
	layer_12: and he grecstve wl as an onglshod gredis nafe ind as ofassho gred hes lod

file: 3660-172182-0029.flac
expected: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covet his land and possessions
	layer_2: an tn rnnsrnntdnnrtsntn b
	layer_4: an hin brinsnlin mscr winslontodam ancofrd is land in pessn
	layer_6: an hinh brincsnoinms gr winslantodem ancofret is land in pesasinn
	layer_8: an thi h brincsnoingms gr winslantodem an cofret is land in ps asinn
	layer_10: an hi h brincsnoingms grwinslantodem an cofret is land in pes asinn
	layer_12: an hi h brincsnoingms gr winslontoodem an covret is land in pes asnn

file: 3660-172182-0030.flac
expected: and arthur told geraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_2: anth ttrin t cs tn th tmntn stsstn rstrntbtm ntttsntstt ttnsrin sns
	layer_4: an oth tlderin the cos o thmon n the comin of the ambstst hm otdof contrlsadrint be itomid d fintidrdist indislod i l dorcodi do thi wl consrin hisams
	layer_6: an oth tldorin the cos of thmion n the coming of the abas dst him otdof con  trl sadrint be itomid d fintidrdist findislod i wl doworcodi do thi wl conserim hisambs
	layer_8: an othtldorin the cos of thmion n the coming of th ambasdst ham otdof con trl sadrint be itomid d fintidrdist findislod i wl doworcodi do thi wl comnsrim hisambs
	layer_10: an othtldorin the cos of thmison n f the coming of the abasdst ham otdof con  trl sa drint be itomid  d fintidrdist findislod i wl doworcodi do thi wl consrim hisambs
	layer_12: an oth toldorin the cos of thmion n f the coming of the ambaststi hiam otdof con  trle sa drint be itomid  d vintidodiset findislod i wl doworcoti do thi wl consrim hisambs

file: 3660-172182-0031.flac
expected: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_2: ttssdnt tn
	layer_4: watdscs sid conefrdh a bi tin
	layer_6: wat discs sid ganirdwh a bi tinom
	layer_8: wat discls  sid ganefrdh a bid tinom
	layer_10: wat discls  sid ganerdwh a bid tinom
	layer_12: wat discls  sad ganevrdwh a bi tinom

file: 3660-172182-0032.flac
expected: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_2: srnt tns n t an tst
	layer_4: srint it thincrsho hof in nofof nid od witm an th sat ft
	layer_6: sd rint it thingrsho hof an nofof nid od witm and th sat ft
	layer_8: sd rint it thinggrsho hof an nofof nid od witm and th sat ft
	layer_10: sd rint it thinggrsho hof an nofof nid od witm an th sat ft
	layer_12: sd drint it thinggrsho hov an nof of nid od witm an th sat ftf

file: 3660-172182-0033.flac
expected: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severn
	layer_2: nsnsrnnttsrn
	layer_4: an nofe ws isin ar hos rnintoto srn
	layer_6: and noe ws isin a r hos rnintood o sarn
	layer_8: and nove wos isin a fr hos grningtood o sarn
	layer_10: and noe ws isin a fr hos grningtood o sarn
	layer_12: and nove wos isin a ra hos grningtood o savrn

file: 3660-172182-0034.flac
expected: and he said to geraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominion for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_2: n sttrn  n nt nn stst mnnt tnt t snt
	layer_4: ande sato drint i m fblon innddminand wlsti ws ltomintinth demnt fo thinf emsl indis
	layer_6: ande sato drint i ma fbl an indodmanand wlsti was l tomintinth domint fo th inf emi sl inditso
	layer_8: ande sato drint i ma fbol an ingodminand wlsti was bl tomintinth domint fo th in f emi sl inditso
	layer_10: ande sato drint i ma fbol an indodmanand wlsti was bl tomin tinth domint fo th in f emi sl inditso
	layer_12: ande sato grint i ma feebol on inagodmanand wlsti was bl tomin tinthe domint fo th inf emi sl inditso

file: 3660-172182-0035.flac
expected: and every one asked that which he desired
	layer_2: an nstwt ds
	layer_4: and ereonostat wo sods
	layer_6: an erewonoasthat wad se desii
	layer_8: an aerewon oasthat wad she desii
	layer_10: an aere won osthat wod she desii
	layer_12: an ae e won osthat wod he desii

file: 3660-172182-0036.flac
expected: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_2: nt n nnnsrnt stan  hs cntssnt  ttnssnt
	layer_4: anth winot lonin gifin  sow g was re wondo bistogas ind e hoso cnd ascos nonde pote onsatis find
	layer_6: an he wanot lonin gifin sowt go was ar wondo bistogafs and of hoso cnd ascofs nonde pote onsatis find
	layer_8: an hi wenot lonin gifing sowt gowas ar wondo bistogafs and of hoso cnd asgofs nonde pote onsatis find
	layer_10: an he wenot lonin gifing sowt go was ar wondof bistogafs and of hoso cnd asgofs nonde pote onsatis find
	layer_12: an hei wenot longin gifing sowt go was are wondof bistogafs and af hoso cind asgofs nonde pot e onsatas fint

file: 3660-172182-0037.flac
expected: then geraint sent ambassadors to the men of cornwall to ask them this
	layer_2: tntrntnt  bsstt nf ntstn
	layer_4: thandrrintin e bssto themand ef con lt astes
	layer_6: thindrrints an e bssto theman ef con lt asfemmis
	layer_8: thandrrints an e basstofthemant ef con lt aspemms
	layer_10: thandrints an e basstofthe man ef con l t asfemms
	layer_12: thandrints an e basstofthe mant ef con l t aspenmms

file: 3660-172182-0038.flac
expected: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_2: an t tt b thsnnt hnf trnt nmnrstnmnt
	layer_4: n th lsa thd e wod be the misof  in on oto thomfode rinto comin re sthommint
	layer_6: an th ls a thad ewod be theo fmisof  in on oto thomfo do rinto comin re so th ommind
	layer_8: n th ls a thad ewod be theo fmeisof g in on oto thomfo go rinto comin re so th  ominc
	layer_10: n th ls a thad ewod be theo fmeisof g in on oto thomfo do rinto comin re so the ominc
	layer_12: n the ls a thad ewoed be theo fmisofv g in on oto thomfo go rinto comin re so the ominc

file: 3660-172182-0039.flac
expected: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_2: o rstmnt ts t
	layer_4: so he re s the omidcof sch as w th
	layer_6: so he re s the omi gof sc  as w th
	layer_8: so he re sf the omi gof sac  as w th
	layer_10: so he re sf the omi gof sac  as w th
	layer_12: so he re sf the oma gof sac  as w tha

file: 3660-172182-0040.flac
expected: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_2: n the tt ths trntn t
	layer_4: and the th aofto thelws fothernton e degw
	layer_6: and the th afto the lws fotherntand e degwi
	layer_8: and the th afto the flws fotherntand e dogwi
	layer_10: and the th afto the flws fotherntand e degwi
	layer_12: and the thy afto the lws fotherntand e degwti

file: 116-288048-0000.flac
expected: a number of other dates were observed by the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gospels give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_2: nntrtrtsrrrtrntrsns  rtt  ntn rttnsrrlt
	layer_4: an ambr botherdts rosrcrthcrethn trth hristams is hebrt o ssthi gosl ofnodt n h prto belit n srnrl i emotit
	layer_6: an ambr botherdts rosrcwthecrethin hrtha bher astiams is epbert o ssthegosls of nodt an  pert o beclit an srnrl i e motit
	layer_8: an ambr botherdts rosr cwthcrechan chrcha bher astiams is efpbert o ssthegosls of nodt an a pert o beclit an srnrel igd e motit
	layer_10: an ambr botherdts rosr cwthcrechan hrcha bher astiams is hefpbert o gssthegosls of nodt an  pert o beclit an srnrel i e motit
	layer_12: an ambr botherdts rosr cwthicrechn chrchao bher astiams is hepberte o gssthegosls gof nodt n  pert o beclit an srnrel i e motit

file: 116-288048-0001.flac
expected: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_2: trsnns  ws rn mnt
	layer_4: a thrs no e nsti he wis brn omat d
	layer_6: a thris no en nsti he wais brn omat d
	layer_8: a thris no aen n sthi he wais born omat d
	layer_10: a thris no ae nstha he wais born omat d
	layer_12: a thris no en n sthi he wais born omat d

file: 116-288048-0002.flac
expected: why this discrepancy in a historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_2: tstsrsn str tnttsn nfin bnsr
	layer_4: t his toscrrmonsim hi strcl donmt te sn nofhin ebns peron
	layer_6: t his toscrrcmonts am hi stlrcl docnmt toe sn nofhin ebons peron
	layer_8: wt his toscrrcmont s am hi stlorgle docinmt toe sn nofhin ebons peron
	layer_10: wt his toscrrcmons am hi stlorgl docionmt toe sn nofhin ebons peron
	layer_12: wt his toscrrcmont s im hi stlorgl docionmt toe sn nofhin eboins peron

file: 116-288048-0003.flac
expected: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant messiah
	layer_2: nmtss th t h ltsnt  rmrnstnfnsltlsntintsrtnr rtsnttttn s
	layer_4: i ganm mathe sstheito shet ldt isint he rred mrin oso briphe infinsslinto igit lhosis nofhin ebothis r flit nrf hrits intanchndeo cltintont ths
	layer_6: i ganm mathe sisthito scet ldtisins hef red mrin oso  briphe in foansoslinto igiat lhosis nofphin abothis r flit nrf hrits in tanchondo cltlind ot ths
	layer_8: i gam mathe sis thito scet ldtisins hef ed mrin oso  briphe in foan sosflinto igiot lhosis nofhin a bothis rflit norf hrits in tancheondo cltl ind ont ths
	layer_10: i gaom mathe sis thito scet ldtisins hef ed mrin goso  briphe infoan sosflinto igiot lhosis nofhin a bothis rflit norf hrits in tanchondo cltl ind ot ths
	layer_12: i gaom mathe sis thito scaphet ldt isins hef red mrin goso  briphe in foan sosfl into igiot lhos is nofhin a bothis hrflit norf hrits in tanchondo cltl indf ot ths

file: 116-288048-0004.flac
expected: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_2: ntnttmrnrnrs ltss   rte fo
	layer_4: won i cond them rim prn coprs lososwi me i cwitertifeclt
	layer_6: won i cond them morim porn capprs  losis wi m wa gwiter tifeclt
	layer_8: won i cond them morim prn chapprs  losos we m wa gwit er tifeclt
	layer_10: won i cond them morim prn chapprs  losos we m wa gwit er tifeclts
	layer_12: won i cond them moram porn chapprs  losos wi me wa gwit er tifaclt

file: 116-288048-0005.flac
expected: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_2: ssn rdtte tssnrtwtnsttrs  sr
	layer_4: ws ws on a frd thethe crsfiis cminriithe wcin wis thid dicrs rsnr r
	layer_6: ws olws on af frid thethecoresfiis cominriidthe wcind wis thid dacrs brsnr br
	layer_8: ws olws on a frid thethecresfiis cominriidthe wcing wis thid dacrs brsnngrdber
	layer_10: ws ows on o frad thethecresfeiis comiriidthe wcing wis thid dacrs brsngr ber
	layer_12: ws ows on o frid thethecoesfehiis cominriidthe wcing wis thid dacrs brsnnghr ber

file: 116-288048-0006.flac
expected: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon allows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun in the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_2: rn tsronhtsn tsrss htsn  lnttin n bsn thsn n n to f t
	layer_4: gi rad ls not bot hispren iconos bht i sin at thisri onos es thefllsthsmnin hi ca lhintodecin eonmthe bssin of th sinen thslan thefs efteom
	layer_6: ga frad fls not bofr this pren igon ocs bht a sin af this pri clonoms eis thefllmnllsthas mnin hi cah lhintodecin ionmtha bsin of the sinen thesld an theffss of beomn
	layer_8: ga frad fls nopt bofr this pren icgen ocs bat a sin af teis pri conomcs es thefllmmnllsthas mnin ha coache lchinctodecin aonmtha bsin of the sin n thesld an theffs of beom
	layer_10: gi frad fls nopt bofr bhispren igen oncs bat a sin af teis pri onomcs eis thefllmmnllsthas mnin ha coache lhintodecin aponmtha bssin of the sin n thsld and thef fss of beom
	layer_12: gi frad fls nopt bor bhis pren igwon ocs bat a sin af teis pri onomcs es thefllmmnlls thas mnahin ha cach lahintodecin aponmtha besshin of the sin en theslda and thef fss of beomm

file: 116-288048-0007.flac
expected: the pagan oestera has become the christian easter
	layer_2: he ns s  cmrtns
	layer_4: the pcin ost has e com hecretond st
	layer_6: the picin ostr has he comthecretond ste
	layer_8: the picin ostr has he comthecrescond ste
	layer_10: the pcin ostr has he comthecrescond ste
	layer_12: the pcin ost has he com hecrescond ste

file: 116-288048-0008.flac
expected: but in the absence of evidence origin offers the following metaphysical arguments against the sceptical celsus one
	layer_2: ht in sn s nrn rs fnmsr sste clsn
	layer_4: bht inmh asnso hns rin olfrs o fin mfis  rens i isscaticl sossn
	layer_6: bht in h apsns ot tns ordin olfrs o flin mfais o rens aic ass capticl sososwn
	layer_8: blht in h apsns ot otns rdin olfrs offlin mfas o renns aic ass capticol sososwan
	layer_10: blht in h apsns o otns rdin olfrs oflin mfas wo rens i ass capticol sososwan
	layer_12: bht inh apsns ot otns ordin olfrs of flin mfeas o rgens ay ases capticol sososwan

file: 116-288048-0009.flac
expected: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mythus of jesus
	layer_2: rt n  tntrnt n sss
	layer_4: e wrto hof in nh thlat l he sinto rw a to atin tlit thm mison tss
	layer_6: e fwrcom hofn ine mhet thllat l he sinto r w a acto ating tit them mison css
	layer_8: e fwrcom hof ine mhet thlat l he singto r w a cto ating tit them mason css
	layer_10: e fwrcom hof ine het tholat l he singto r w a cto ating tit them mason css
	layer_12: e fwrcom hovn ine het tholat l he singto ri w a acto ating tit them mason css

file: 116-288048-0010.flac
expected: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_2: n mtn pnntsprtbntrntsmssn
	layer_4: th miit conpannsos fprtob om mther hand as mithclas ison sl
	layer_6: th miit conmpanins of gis ofprto b om mother hang ast mithgas is onsl
	layer_8: th miit conmpanins of gis ofprto b om mother hang ast mithgas is onsl
	layer_10: th miit conmpanins of gis ofprto b om mother hang ast mithglas is onsl
	layer_12: the miit conpanins of ges ofprto b om mother hang ast mithglas is on sl

file: 116-288048-0011.flac
expected: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_2: wsmlsr
	layer_4: he was mahhe wis mrp
	layer_6: he was mahthe was mrp
	layer_8: he was mahhe was mrp
	layer_10: he was mahthe was mrp
	layer_12: he was maththe was mrp

file: 116-288048-0012.flac
expected: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_2: rrsnr
	layer_4: he wronptrodisan mr
	layer_6: tho woranptrodisan mr
	layer_8: tho woranptrgodisan mr
	layer_10: the wr anptrcodisan mr
	layer_12: tho wr onptrgodisan mr

file: 116-288048-0013.flac
expected: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_2: trs lnnnnt thrsst
	layer_4: thers as l nl fn instet th afrsstit
	layer_6: thers ao l nol fn insthit th afergsstit
	layer_8: thers acot l no vn insthit th aferegsistit
	layer_10: thers acso l no vn insthit th afergsstit
	layer_12: thers acso ly no vn insthet thy avrigsstit

file: 116-288048-0014.flac
expected: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_2: rrtr th nts tht n strn st n
	layer_4: e prer fr witho ron wiethe n odocrnols  that no hi strn hasti cinotetan
	layer_6: he preor fr witho rn waethe thodoccrrnhos e that no hi str n hasti cinnotefan
	layer_8: he preor afr witho rn waethe thodoccrrnhos e that no hie str an hasti cinnotefhan
	layer_10: he preor afr witho rn waethe hodoccrrnhos e that no hie str an hasti cinnotaf han
	layer_12: he preor aver wittho rn waethe h o doccrrnhos e that no hie str an hastaycindntef han

file: 116-288048-0015.flac
expected: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_2: rns th rsns l
	layer_4: rgan w se the prasnsoflomm
	layer_6: ergan w se the prasnsofwom
	layer_8: hergan w se the prasnsofwo m
	layer_10: hergan w se the prasnsofwo m
	layer_12: hergan we se the prasn sofwo m

file: 116-288048-0016.flac
expected: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_2: th s
	layer_4: h s th li wot h stom
	layer_6: h ws the  i woat h sthom
	layer_8: he ws the  i woat h sthom
	layer_10: he ws the   wot h sthom
	layer_12: he ws the b i wot he stom

file: 116-288048-0017.flac
expected: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_2: tnns btstnsssl
	layer_4: pdrplon hins coso heboth stt on ls e scsol
	layer_6: pidr pl on ins coiso hepoth std on ls e scsofl
	layer_8: pidr pl on iins coiso hepoth std on ls e scsofl
	layer_10: pidr pl on ins coiso hepoth std on los e scsofl
	layer_12: pidr pl gon ings coiso hepoth std on os e scosofl

file: 116-288048-0018.flac
expected: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_2: snsltsnntnrrssth thrsnstrnststnntnsfn
	layer_4: thehis ompcsltosplin thiantanrrs om ss the lthers onmthihistlrin sof ths tanenattit ntesofin
	layer_6: thehis ompsltosplind wothicantamprrs om ss the lthers omthe hi strin sof ths tan enattat notesofinm
	layer_8: thehis omposlthosplind wothicantamprrs o ss the lthers omthe hi strin sof ths tan enottat notesofinm
	layer_10: thehis omposlthosplind wothicantanmprrs o ss the lthers omthe hi strin sof ths tan enottat notesofinm
	layer_12: thehis om poslthosplind wothicantinmprres o ss the lpthers omthe hi strin sof thets tan enottat notesofinm

file: 116-288048-0019.flac
expected: could they have been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_2: t thbnsrsn
	layer_4: coe th had bnmacnsrscinstom
	layer_6: co th had bnaconsprsacinstom
	layer_8: co th had bnmacon sprsagcinstom
	layer_10: co th had bn macon spr sag cinstom
	layer_12: co th had bin macon sper seag cinstom

file: 116-288048-0020.flac
expected: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_2: sssn ssr
	layer_4: hawss hs man i misis bi cadr
	layer_6: hawosos his man i mwasis bi cladfr
	layer_8: hawasos his man i mwasoas bi cladflr
	layer_10: hawosos his man i mwasoas bi clidfr
	layer_12: hawousos his man i mwasoas bi chadfr

file: 116-288048-0021.flac
expected: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_2: nwt s wt nrstntsr t n nmnr
	layer_4: ano wto i sid wichothon nrs canidis fr te in onn so e im inrb
	layer_6: han ao wito i sad wichoth on nmrs canidits fr te in onn sho we im inrbo
	layer_8: han ao wto i sad wichoth on nomrs cani dits fr te in onn sho be im in r b
	layer_10: han ao wto e sad wichoth on nomrs canitits fr te in onn sho be gim in r bos
	layer_12: van ao wto e sat wichoth on nmrs canitits for te in onn sho be gim in r bs

file: 116-288048-0022.flac
expected: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell fire hereafter
	layer_2: nsts nrrssmnn bthsr bl rrt
	layer_4: an sachof is nindrfr h his lws mintn beth srd nma b hl fr raftn
	layer_6: an sachoffh is nindr fr h his lws minctn bethe srd nm a b hl fr heraftn
	layer_8: and sachoff is nindrfr hw his lws mingctn bethi srd noo a b hl fr her aftn
	layer_10: and sachoff is nindrfr hw his l ws mingctng bethe srd noo a b hl fr her aftn
	layer_12: and sachoffh is nindr fr hw his l ws mingctng bethe sord no a b hl fr her aftn

file: 116-288048-0023.flac
expected: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jesus mouth
	layer_2: thntin pstrts rtns
	layer_4: t then lst in posl terseis rctin smno
	layer_6: t the lst an posl terncis arcltin  s mno
	layer_8: at the olst in posl terncis ercltin g es mno
	layer_10: t the olst in posl terncis erpcltin g esmnomp
	layer_12: at then olst in posl terncis erpcltin g es nop

file: 116-288048-0024.flac
expected: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the universe to courtiers who have petitions to press upon his attention
