file: 3660-172183-0000.flac
expected: geraint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_2: draint ashy ad beenusedto do when he was at at thas cot fre quento turnemente
	layer_4: draint as he ad ben used to do when he was at out this cout frequento turnements
	layer_6: draint as hehad been used to do when he was at othi's cout frequente ternaments
	layer_8: jraint as he had been used to do when he was at athr's cot frequented turnaments
	layer_10: drant as he had been used to do when he was at athor's cort frequented tournaments
	layer_12: drant as he had been used to do when he was at athor's court frequented tournaments

file: 3660-172183-0001.flac
expected: before geraint the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_2: befordouraint the scod to the enimy i sau steds wite with thom and aftr the showt of bettle a fearful torantd
	layer_4: beforedourint the scod tof the enemy i saw steeds white with fhome and after the shout of battl a farful torent
	layer_6: before uraint dhe scorde to the enemy i saw steeds white with fome and after the shout of battle a faireful torrant
	layer_8: before jurain't the score of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_10: before duraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_12: before duraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent

file: 3660-172183-0002.flac
expected: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_2: thes titing's came doerben
	layer_4: these titings camed to erban
	layer_6: these titings came to urban
	layer_8: these tidings came to urbon
	layer_10: these tidings came to urban
	layer_12: these tidings came to urban

file: 3660-172183-0003.flac
expected: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_2: not i by my confession un to haven said he ther was nothing wae ha ful unto me ther thiss
	layer_4: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there as nothing what haful unto me than this
	layer_6: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing wa hatful unto me than this
	layer_8: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_10: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_12: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this

file: 3660-172183-0004.flac
expected: and the tears she shed and the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_2: and the tishe said in the word shod spolken a wak him
	layer_4: and the tis she said in the word she had spokeng a wak him
	layer_6: and the tis she said in the word she had spokeng awok him
	layer_8: ad the tis she said in the word she had spoken awoke him
	layer_10: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_12: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him

file: 3660-172183-0005.flac
expected: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_2: and evill betiede me said he if thoue returnes ea n till thou nost whether i ove las my string so complyle as thou dis say
	layer_4: and evill be tied me said he if thou returnes her indtill thou nosed whether i haf los my string so complylyas thou dis say
	layer_6: and evill betid me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowst whether i have lost my strengh so complely as thou dis say
	layer_8: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowst whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou distsay
	layer_10: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou dist say
	layer_12: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say

file: 3660-172183-0006.flac
expected: then geraint went to see erbin
	layer_2: then jeraing went to see earban
	layer_4: then duraint went to see erban
	layer_6: then deraint went to see erbon
	layer_8: then gerant went to see urban
	layer_10: then gerant went to see urban
	layer_12: then gerant went to see urban

file: 3660-172183-0007.flac
expected: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_2: sir said he  and going uponta quest and iame not sertin hen i ma come beck
	layer_4: sir said he i'nd going upontoquest an i ame not certan when i ma come back
	layer_6: sir said he i'm going upon a quest and i am not certain when i maye come back
	layer_8: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_10: sir said he i am going upon ha quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_12: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back

file: 3660-172183-0008.flac
expected: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_2: take hed theerefo unto thi posetions antill myryturn
	layer_4: take hed theirefore un to thy possesions intill my return
	layer_6: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_8: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_10: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_12: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return

file: 3660-172183-0009.flac
expected: but one person only will go with me
	layer_2: but one prssan only wol goat me
	layer_4: but one persan only woll goot me
	layer_6: but one person only will got me
	layer_8: but one person only will go t me
	layer_10: but one person only will god me
	layer_12: but one person only will got me

file: 3660-172183-0010.flac
expected: and he desired enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_2: and he desied en i tomount her horse and tirid foed in e keeop a longway befo him
	layer_4: and he deside ened to mount her horse andterid ford in to keep a long way before him
	layer_6: and he deside ened to mount her horse and to ride forward ind to keep a long way before him
	layer_8: and he desiged enat to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_10: and he desired eina to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_12: and he desired eana to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him

file: 3660-172183-0011.flac
expected: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_2: and ha les i specun to thy say not thou one word e ther
	layer_4: and unless i spekun to the say not thou one word either
	layer_6: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_8: und unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_10: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_12: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either

file: 3660-172183-0012.flac
expected: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat and my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_2: and though thou shutcs desite a see myh to feet in my det by the hands erthos men yet towie theol knodret
	layer_4: and though thou shouds deside a see myh to feet in my death by the hand of those mam yet to whie theel no dred
	layer_6: and though thou shouts deside e see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_8: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_10: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_12: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread

file: 3660-172183-0013.flac
expected: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_2: and e reseeved him and that not febly
	layer_4: and he received him and that not febly
	layer_6: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_8: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_10: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_12: and he received him and that not feebly

file: 3660-172183-0014.flac
expected: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_2: in sayne ot one word ento me andles i  spek first unto the
	layer_4: in sayne not one word unto me andless i speak first unto thee
	layer_6: an say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_8: an sayg not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_10: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_12: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee

file: 3660-172183-0015.flac
expected: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_2: i wil do was fir s i can lon said she acor ig to thi desiyre
	layer_4: i will do was far as i canloind said she accoring to thy desire
	layer_6: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_8: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_10: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_12: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire

file: 3660-172183-0016.flac
expected: ah maiden said he it is vain to attempt proceeding forward
	layer_2: i maden said he at is vain to a temperseeting ford
	layer_4: i maden said he hit his van to attemperceeding forwed
	layer_6: i maideon said he ad is vain to a temproceeding forward
	layer_8: a maiden said he it is vein to a tempero ceeding forward
	layer_10: a maidon said he it is vain to a tem proceding forward
	layer_12: a maidon said he it is vain to a tem proceding forward

file: 3660-172183-0017.flac
expected: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_2: i cannot by any meandrefraind from sleepe tho wearinessaid he do theoue the irefou wash the hors es and sleepe not
	layer_4: i cannot by any meand refrain from sleep through wearignessaid he do thou therefore wash the houses and sleepe not
	layer_6: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wach the horses and sleep not
	layer_8: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wach the horses and sleep not
	layer_10: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_12: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not

file: 3660-172183-0018.flac
expected: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_2: a whenc yoe sal the dont af day apar she like drouderd a seif hou walwakingen therpon he wok
	layer_4: whent shoe saw the don of day a pare she loed arrounder o see if heu wile waking an ther upon he wolk
	layer_6: and when she saw the don of day appair she looked around her to see if he were waking and there upon he woke
	layer_8: and when she saw the dawn of day apr she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_10: and when she saw the dawn of da apper she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_12: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke

file: 3660-172183-0019.flac
expected: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowers mowing the meadows
	layer_2: and they lef the word in they came to an opancountr with medal's on on han and mo was moling the metows
	layer_4: and they left the word in the camed to and open countu with meddles on one han and moas moing the meadows
	layer_6: and they left the wod and they came to an open countyr with medalws on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_8: and they left the wod and they came to an open country with medaows on one hand and mo was mowing the meadows
	layer_10: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowwas mowing the meadows
	layer_12: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mo was mowing the meadows

file: 3660-172183-0020.flac
expected: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_2: mi lrd he ated wilal be displiasingto the af y as whenst thou com hest asone
	layer_4: my lord he added wil la be displeasing to the if i as wence thou come istallsoe
	layer_6: my lord he added will av be displeasing to the if i ask wence thou comast all so
	layer_8: my lord he added wil it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_10: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_12: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also

file: 3660-172183-0021.flac
expected: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_2: will thou foll my councl said the youth an take thy me fro me
	layer_4: will thou foulol my councel said the youth and take thy meal fo me
	layer_6: will thou fouow my council said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_8: wilt thou foulow my councel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_10: wilt thou foulw my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_12: wilt thou foulw my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me

file: 3660-172183-0022.flac
expected: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_2: what sord of meall he ingquied
	layer_4: what sort of mel he unquired
	layer_6: what' sort of meal he inquired
	layer_8: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_10: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_12: what sort of meal he inquired

file: 3660-172183-0023.flac
expected: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_2: than they wased n took ther re past
	layer_4: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_6: then they washed and took their repased
	layer_8: then they washed and took their repest
	layer_10: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_12: then they washed and took their repast

file: 3660-172183-0024.flac
expected: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_2: i go nowlord staid he to meat the night anto contact him to has lardgin
	layer_4: i go ow lord said he to met the night an to contdact him to his lodging
	layer_6: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to condact him to his lodging
	layer_8: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_10: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_12: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging

file: 3660-172183-0025.flac
expected: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_2: i will do lod said she as thou sayset
	layer_4: i will do lod said she as thou saest
	layer_6: i will do lod said she as thou sayest
	layer_8: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_10: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_12: i will do lord said she as thou sayst

file: 3660-172183-0026.flac
expected: and after they had eaten and drank geraint went to sleep and so did enid also
	layer_2: and ehtr theyd eagdnen drank dran went tisleep and soted en id aso
	layer_4: and efer they had eatn an drank draine went to sleep and soted ened also
	layer_6: and afer they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and soted en it also
	layer_8: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_10: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_12: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also

file: 3660-6517-0000.flac
expected: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_2: the date seem un an pord buthrout the pared the offesan men of the ship have bean unry mitingly busy
	layer_4: the dayte seem un unpot but throud the paried the oes and mean of the ship have been unremiddingly busy
	layer_6: the date seem unumpot but throrout the parid the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_8: the date seem unimpornt but throuhout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_10: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_12: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy

file: 3660-6517-0001.flac
expected: bowers attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_2: bous at tac the shipstoos served re lisst in re stoed them saving very mush pace by unsto ig nomrst caces and stoing the contens in the laser et
	layer_4: bows a tackd the shipstos seurvade relist in restowed them saving very muhpace by unstoing numrus cases and stoing the kontense in the lazeret
	layer_6: bows attackd the ship's tors surveyed relise an a restoed them saving very much space by unstowing numeous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarete
	layer_8: bows attacked the ship's toors surveyed relistanda restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_10: bows attacked the ship's tores surveyed relicend restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_12: bows attacked the ship's tores surveyed relicend restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette

file: 3660-6517-0002.flac
expected: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_2: wuthout steeme the le conow bekept under with the hand pon by two darlly eits of a qarder ofan oui to twenteminuts
	layer_4: without steem the leat cannow be kept under with the hand pum by two dealy effits of a quarter of an our to twenty minutes
	layer_6: without steam the leat cannow be kept under with the handpump y two darly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_8: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the handpump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_10: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the handpump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_12: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes

file: 3660-6517-0003.flac
expected: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_2: as ha ship was and n or presen heavily lad in condition would certainly ov takanthret ifor ious ache day
	layer_4: as a ship was and an orpresen heavily lade in condition hould certainly of takeon three to for o s each day
	layer_6: as the ship was and in er present heavily lad in condition i wuld certainly hve taken three to for iuas each day
	layer_8: as the ship was and in her present heavily lae in condition it would certainly have taken three o four hous each day
	layer_10: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three or four hours each day
	layer_12: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three or four hours each day

file: 3660-6517-0004.flac
expected: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_2: the lidg greentent was put up and propasupforts mad vor
	layer_4: the loge greentent was put up and proposofforts made vforn
	layer_6: the lige green tent was put up and proposse aforts made fordn
	layer_8: the ladge green tent was put up and propersafports made for it
	layer_10: the ladge green tent was put up and proper supforts made for it
	layer_12: the ladge green tent was put up and proper supforts made for it

file: 3660-6517-0005.flac
expected: the engine room staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists were stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_2: the engerhm stafh an andisas people on the engons sin tis was stoin ther levertorse  the cokryfitting his galy and solfoth hout a singl spougt but had ids band of workrs
	layer_4: the enterom staf and andicnes people on the engins signtis was stoing their labertorse the cookryfitting his galy and sofoth ot a single spot but had its band of waorkers
	layer_6: the enjrmoom staff and anisens people on the engins sietis was stowing their labirtors the cookry fitting has galley and soforth not a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_8: the engirroom staff and anisn's people on the engines scientis was stowing their labatores the cookery fitting is galley and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_10: the enginroom staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists was stowing their laboratories the cookery fitting is galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_12: the engineroom staff and andirson's people on the engines scientist was stowing their laboratories the cookery fitting is galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers

file: 3660-6517-0006.flac
expected: the men's space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch to the stem on the main deck
	layer_2: the men s bace such as is theyieforxt ens from thefo hatch the stem on the maindecck
	layer_4: the men space such as tis they aforkstends from the forehatche the stem on the maine deck
	layer_6: the men space such as it is they arefor extends from the fourhatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_8: the men space such as it is thererefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_10: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_12: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch the stem on the main deck

file: 3660-6517-0007.flac
expected: under the forecastle are stalls for fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_2: undorthe forcassla sdalvs ef fifteen ponies temaxaon the spae would hold the norrow areagulu s paeond front s pack tat woildh fouher
	layer_4: iunder the foure casler stalles wo fifteen poniysh the maxon on the space would hold the narro areguluspace and front is pack tate woith fogher
	layer_6: under the fourecastleor stolles wor fifteen poniesh the maxo on the space would hold the narrow irregulous bace ind front is pack tigt with foter
	layer_8: under the fourecastle or stalls for fifteen ponies the maxi on the space would hold the narrow irregulars pase in front is pack tight with foter
	layer_10: under the forecastle or stalls of fifteen ponies the maximom the space would hold the narrow irregular spase in front is packd tight with fodder
	layer_12: under the forecastle or stalls of fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular spase in front is packe tight with fodder

file: 3660-6517-0008.flac
expected: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is the small booby hatch the only entrance to the men's mess deck in bad weather
	layer_2: meteluld behind the for caslbolkc ate s ta smallbl be heatch the onlianjes to the men's mestack an bad wether
	layer_4: metely be hignd the fore castlebolkat is he small bo behach the only enjers to the men's mesteck and bad weather
	layer_6: meeately behind the fore castle bokate is a small boobyhatch the only enjes to the men's mesteck and badweather
	layer_8: immeiately behind the fourcastle boead is a small boubyhatch the only inges tof the men's mestick ind bad weather
	layer_10: immediately behind the fourcastle boceade is a small boobi hatch the only encist to the men's mestick in bad weather
	layer_12: immediately behind the fourcastle bolceade is a small boobi hatch the only engest to the men's mesteck in bad weather

file: 3660-6517-0009.flac
expected: abaft the fore hatch is the ice house
	layer_2: a baf the for hache the as hous
	layer_4: abaf the foreha ches the ase house
	layer_6: abouf the forehatch is the aisehouse
	layer_8: about the forehatch is the ace house
	layer_10: about the forehatch is the as house
	layer_12: about the forehatch is the ase house

file: 3660-6517-0010.flac
expected: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_2: we manis ha get threet tuns of ice one hundered sixcyto cakses of moten and three cackasas of bef besiets om bax of swee breds and kidenes into t hispace
	layer_4: we manie o get three tones of ice one hundred sixly two cackasas of muton and three cakasas of bef besitesome bok of sweet breads and kid nes into the space
	layer_6: we manise to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cockuses of motton and three cocuses of beef beside some boxes of sweetbreads and kinees into this space
	layer_8: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacxases of mutton and three coases of beef besides some boxs of sweetbreads and kineys into this space
	layer_10: we manage to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cocases of mutton and three cocases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_12: we manage to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cocases of mutton and three cocases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space

file: 3660-6517-0011.flac
expected: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cargo and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_2: the sax mntending thits last at ito the goods alrid imentiond make a really havey dec cago and one has natchualy axeious concerning on but arery thing ther com be don by lashing nscuring has bendon
	layer_4: the sax catending this last at i to the goods alradymentioned make a really heavy deck kago an one is naturaly axious concerning t but evey theing the can be done by lashing andscuring has bn done
	layer_6: the sax contanding this last addidg to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckkago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything tht can be done by lashing ind dscuring has been done
	layer_8: the saks containding this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and discuring has been done
	layer_10: the sak containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deccago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_12: the sax containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done

file: 3660-6517-0012.flac
expected: forage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbourne
	layer_2: forage irigaly orte thirty tuns of comprest ot an ha from melben
	layer_4: forice i rigily orted thirty tons of compresset ot an ha from melbon
	layer_6: forigh iiorigially oarded thirty tons of compressed oatan hay from melbone
	layer_8: forich i origially oudered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbone
	layer_10: forich i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbougne
	layer_12: forich i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbourne

file: 3660-6517-0013.flac
expected: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_2: the seem is holy inchanting an such o vew from son shelted suny corner in agid which blae with maes of rea ing gold and flows tenstefelingsof  in texpressibale sat as factr with all things
	layer_4: the seeme is wholy enchanting ind such of view fom some shelted sunny corner an agoden which blaces with masces of reading golden flouws tens ta feelings of inexprescible sat is facton with all things
	layer_6: the sceme is wholy an chanting in such a view from some shelted sunny corner ind a goden which blazes with masses of read ing golden flowhs tens to feelings of inexpressibale satisfaction with all things
	layer_8: the scene is wholly enchanting an such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowes tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_10: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_12: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things

file: 3660-6517-0014.flac
expected: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_2: a great maso peoples sembled
	layer_4: agreat masaf peopleas sembled
	layer_6: a great massof people assembled
	layer_8: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_10: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_12: a great mass of people assembled

file: 3660-6517-0015.flac
expected: k and i lunched with a party in the new zealand company's ship ruapehu
	layer_2: caan i lunch with t e padi in the sul compeny ship wrerepowho
	layer_4: can i lunch with he pardying the sealn company ship repeh
	layer_6: cang i lunch with the party ing the dzal and companyship wrupaho
	layer_8: ka and i lunch with tae party in the zeal nd companyship rupeho
	layer_10: kay and i lunch with he party in the zeal an companyship rupehoo
	layer_12: kay and i lunch with the party in the mzeal and companyship rupeho

file: 3660-6517-0016.flac
expected: telegram to say terra nova had arrived sunday night
	layer_2: telald ram to say tare e nover had ar wrie sundy night
	layer_4: tel id ram to say tere noveer head arrivs sundi night
	layer_6: teliram to say terrinovahead arrivse sundygnight
	layer_8: telegram t say teronova had e rised sunday night
	layer_10: telegram to say teronova had arise sunday night
	layer_12: telegram to say teronova had arise sunday night

file: 3660-6517-0017.flac
expected: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_2: a thirdsledgeden te cross he brake rf the poopines pace hi ther to arku pied by the afterwinch
	layer_4: a thirdslegetinds across the brake of the poop end aspace hei ther two arkupied by they after winch
	layer_6: a third sledgestands across the break of the poop and itspace hear the two occupied by they afterwinch
	layer_8: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop an a space her theto occupied by the after winch
	layer_10: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop and i space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_12: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop ind i space hitherto occupied by the after winch

file: 3660-6517-0018.flac
expected: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_2: the qantitiuse to an have tuns and he space oupi conciderble
	layer_4: the quantitiis to in ahave tons and the space ocupiyed considerable
	layer_6: the quantity is to an a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_8: the quantity is two an a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_10: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_12: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable

file: 3660-6517-0019.flac
expected: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_2: the ship was ov a two feet by the strn but is will suon be remilyed
	layer_4: the ship was of a two feet by the sturn but this wil soon be remityd
	layer_6: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remitied
	layer_8: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_10: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_12: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied

file: 3660-6517-0020.flac
expected: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_2: they must perfoust bechained up and thy r given what sheltrs the fort ed ondeck but ther possition is note enviabl
	layer_4: they must perforce be chained up and they agivent whate sheltrs of forted on deck but theire possition is not enviable
	layer_6: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforted on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_8: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_10: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_12: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable

file: 3660-6517-0021.flac
expected: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast emits a long pathetic whine
	layer_2: it is appa theari atitod deeply significan of cold ind misery casionly somepor bese amitst a long put thaticine
	layer_4: it his a patheric atitude deeply significant of cold and misery casuonly somepor besamitsa long putthatic ine
	layer_6: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery casionlly some poor besemis a long patheticwine
	layer_8: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery ocasionaly some poor beeas umits a long pathetic wine
	layer_10: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast amits a long pathetic wine
	layer_12: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beasts amits a long pathetic wine

file: 3660-6517-0022.flac
expected: there are generally one or two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_2: there i genly oneta to one watch which eases mattrs but it is e sqush
	layer_4: ther i genaly onet two on watch which eass matters but it is a squash
	layer_6: there are generly want ed too on watch which easas matters but it is a squash
	layer_8: there are genrally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_10: there are generally wanted to on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_12: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash

file: 3660-6517-0023.flac
expected: later in the day the wind has veered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_2: lader in the day the wen his vead to the west wardhadting a slitely
	layer_4: lader in the day the wint his veard to the westwod headting as slaightly
	layer_6: later in the day the win his vead to the westwood heating us slightly
	layer_8: later in the day the wind has ved to the westwoad heatting us slightly
	layer_10: later in the day the wind is vered to the westward headding us slightly
	layer_12: later in the day the wind is vered to the westward headding us slightly

file: 3660-6517-0024.flac
expected: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_2: otand aconson with intementinescistentrormothers wer busy keeping the pones on their legs
	layer_4: ots an aconson with intermitenes sistance frmmothers were busi keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_6: oats and aconson with intermitin assistancs from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_8: oates and akinson with intermittend assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_10: oates and ackinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_12: oates and ackinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs

file: 3660-6517-0025.flac
expected: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and re lashing the petrol cases et cetera in the best manner possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_2: there was nothing forid but to graple with the evile in neally all he ands wle labring for hous in the wait  i tho ship heving col sacso bord and  re lashing the patual cases sedera in he best manuposible and ta such divercult and dangers sircum sences
	layer_4: there was nothing for it but to graple with the evil an neaily all hands wilel laiboring for hours in the waithe to the ship heaving cole saxoabord and relashing the petural cases setera in the best man a possible und te such diffircult and dangerus sircumsances
	layer_6: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands wele laboring for hours in the wait of the ship heaving col saxs overboard and relashing the petral cases setera in the best man apossible unde such difficult and dangers circumcances
	layer_8: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petrial cases setera and the best man ifpossible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_10: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petril cases ecetera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_12: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petral cases etcetera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances

file: 3660-6517-0026.flac
expected: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_2: no soon was some semplencs of oterestodt an soe exceptionly havey wae would tarway the lashiong an the work adto bedont allov veragon
	layer_4: no sone was some sembplance of aurter restod and some exceptionaly havywave would terway the lashing and the work had to be dont all over again
	layer_6: no soono was some semblance of order rstored than some exceptionaly heavy wave would terre way the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_8: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_10: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_12: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again

file: 3660-6517-0027.flac
expected: from this moment about four a m the engine room became the centre of interest
	layer_2: from this moment about fory am the engr became thy sentr ofv interest
	layer_4: from this moment about for i am the enderon became hete sentr of intrest
	layer_6: from this moment about for i am the enjroom became thee centre of interest
	layer_8: from this moment about four  m the engerom became the centre of interest
	layer_10: from this moment about four  m the enginoon became the centr of interest
	layer_12: from this moment about four  m the enginoon became the centre of interest

file: 3660-6517-0028.flac
expected: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_2: the wat agained hisbyt of everyeft
	layer_4: the wat againe hi sbite of every efit
	layer_6: the wade gaine i spite of every effit
	layer_8: the wata gaine i spite of every effit
	layer_10: the water gained in spite of every effot
	layer_12: the water gained in spite of every effort

file: 3660-6517-0029.flac
expected: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_2: the out look a paad griems
	layer_4: the out look a pared groim
	layer_6: the outlook afppeared grims
	layer_8: the outlook appeared grims
	layer_10: the outlook appeared grims
	layer_12: the outlook appeared grims

file: 3660-6517-0030.flac
expected: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_2: the mont of waderwers as bing mad with the ship so ruly handed was most an sertain
	layer_4: theya mount of wate whach has being made with the ship so rugfly handed was most un certain
	layer_6: the amount of water which as being made with the shipso rughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_8: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_10: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_12: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain

file: 3660-6517-0031.flac
expected: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_2: wiell inms had o confesshi was beeten in must drafies what was a be don
	layer_4: williuams had to confessy was beaten in must droa ies what was to be done
	layer_6: williams had to confess hy was beaten and must droawf eers what was to be done
	layer_8: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fyrs what was to be done
	layer_10: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fiyes what was to be done
	layer_12: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fyres what was to be done

file: 3660-6517-0032.flac
expected: the bilge pump is dependent on the main engine
	layer_2: the bote prombes tepended on the main engion
	layer_4: the builte probers depended on the maine engon
	layer_6: the builts probers depended on the main engin
	layer_8: the built propers depended on the main engine
	layer_10: the buil' proplers depended on the main engine
	layer_12: the buil' promplers depended on the main engine

file: 3660-6517-0033.flac
expected: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_2: on oneicagion i was wastteep aen stainding on the rall of the fo
	layer_4: on one occasion i was waceteep whenstainding on the rail of the fo
	layer_6: on one occasion i was wa teep when standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_8: on one occasion i was wayst deep when standing on the rail of the po
	layer_10: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_12: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the pu

file: 3660-6517-0034.flac
expected: the afterguard were organised in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safeguard of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale her out
	layer_2: the aftrgod were organg isd ind two pad his by ev ans to work bucets the men wae kap stedly going o the choed handpoms the seeme d awl ther cold bedowne f o the moment and woe ameged o count os the sol saf cat of the shipe from sinking praticgaly an atemp to beyilar out
	layer_4: the aftergod wiere organized an two pidies by evens to work buckets the men woue kep stedily going on the choked hand pumps the seemed all the coul be done for the moment and wone a meaged to count as the sole safe got of the ship from sinking practicaly in a tempt to bail ar out
	layer_6: the after god were organized in two poties by evens to work buckets the men woere kept steaily going on the choked handpumps thi seemed all thet could be done for the moment and wot a meagie ta count is the soul safegot of the ship from sinking practically in attempto baile ar out
	layer_8: the after god were organized in two poties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all tht could be done for the moment and hate a measure to count as the sol safegot of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bail or out
	layer_10: the after god were organized in two poties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bail or out
	layer_12: the after god were organized in two poties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the soule safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out

file: 3660-6517-0035.flac
expected: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_2: a caginly a heavey sey would bar one of the moway and he was anly sayve by has chan
	layer_4: accasinly a heavy sey would bear one of the moway and he was only save by as chan
	layer_6: occasionaly a heavy sea would bear one of the m away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_8: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_10: occasionaly a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_12: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain

file: 3660-172182-0000.flac
expected: now this is how arthur hunted the stag
	layer_2: nowthisus howu ather hunded the stag
	layer_4: now this is how ather hunded the stag
	layer_6: now this is how athor hunded the stag
	layer_8: now this is how athor hunted the stag
	layer_10: now this is how author hunted the stag
	layer_12: now this is how author hunted the stag

file: 3660-172182-0001.flac
expected: and the last dog that was let loose was the favorite dog of arthur cavall was his name
	layer_2: an the las dodit was let los was a favorc doga ather cove ol was his neme
	layer_4: in the last dogetit was let lose was a favorite dogaf ather cov all was his name
	layer_6: in the last dogdtat was let loose was a favourite dog of athor kaval was his name
	layer_8: and the last dog det was let loose was a favorite dog of athur kaval was his name
	layer_10: and the last dog thet was let loose was a favorite dog of athur caval was his name
	layer_12: and the last dog that was let loose was a favourite dog of athur caval was his name

file: 3660-172182-0002.flac
expected: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_2: then they sund of the det horn foa slaying an they olrgathir rd
	layer_4: then they sound of the death horne foa slaying and the algathed rout
	layer_6: then they sound of the death horn for slaying and they all gathered rout
	layer_8: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_10: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_12: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round

file: 3660-172182-0003.flac
expected: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_2: one wished that ish be givento the lady best be love by him and ano therto the lady whom he loved bast
	layer_4: one wish that i tho be givento the lady best beloved by him and anow that to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_6: one wished that it shul be givento the lady best be loved by him and anothe to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_8: one wished that it hould be given to the lady best be loved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_10: one wished that it soul be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_12: one wished that it sould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best

file: 3660-172182-0004.flac
expected: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_2: and aftermi day they be held an un shaply litlman uponihose and afto hime a da mor damsl alsolone hosbec and afto her anighte of lidge statur bou down an hangg s had low an sorfully aen clat in broken and worth lis hmmer
	layer_4: and after mad day they be held an unshapely little man upon ahose and after him a dame ore damsal alsoonehospeck and af ter her unight of lige statchure boud down anhangig his head lo and sorrwfully in clad in broken and worthliss amer
	layer_6: and after midday they be held an unshapely little man upon a hose and after him a dame or damsel also on hosebeck and after her a night of lige statur bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully an clad in broken and worthless hamor
	layer_8: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of loge statur bowed down and hanging his head lon sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_10: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of loge stature bowed down and hanging his head lo and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_12: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lodge stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour

file: 3660-172182-0005.flac
expected: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_2: i know not who they oa said he but i ko said gine iver this us the nightwhom jeran persud and me thing that he comes not ear by ais on fre will
	layer_4: i know not ho they ar said he but i kno said guoene ofer this is the night hom juraint parsuide and me things that he comes not hear by his own fre will
	layer_6: i know not who they are said he but i know said guin over this is the night whom jeraint pursuid and me things that he comes not her by his own freewill
	layer_8: i know not who they are said he but i know said guinevar this is the knight whom geraint pursuid and mee thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_10: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom goeraint pursuied and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_12: i know not who they are said he but i know said guennever this is the knight whom goeraint pursued and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will

file: 3660-172182-0006.flac
expected: but geraint has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_2: but jurainters of atakenim in avengy in sulto the maden to the utermost
	layer_4: but juraintes of a takenim in avengeh in sulto them maiden to the utermost
	layer_6: but juraints ovartaken hm in avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_8: but geraint as overtaken him and avenge the insult of the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_10: but gerant has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_12: but gorant has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost

file: 3660-172182-0007.flac
expected: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_2: lady said he at the gae ther was a nighte and i son never aman of so pitifil and aspec to look uponashe
	layer_4: lady said he at the gate the is a night and i swn never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_6: lady said he at the gate there is a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_8: lady said he at the gate there as a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_10: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_12: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he

file: 3660-172182-0008.flac
expected: i do said he he tells me that he is edeyrn the son of nudd
	layer_2: i do said he he telse me that he his etterin the some ofe nod
	layer_4: i do said he he tells me that he is edteran the some of nod
	layer_6: i do said he yoe tells me that he is ederin the som of nd
	layer_8: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of noud
	layer_10: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nood
	layer_12: i do said he he tells me that he is ederin the son of noud

file: 3660-172182-0009.flac
expected: then she replied i know him not
	layer_2: then shery plid i know him not
	layer_4: hen she replied i know him not
	layer_6: then she replied i know him not
	layer_8: then she replied i know him not
	layer_10: then she replied i know him not
	layer_12: then she replied i know him not

file: 3660-172182-0010.flac
expected: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_2: so gone of er wento the gae to mete him an he entered
	layer_4: sogone of er went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_6: si goneofver went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_8: sir guanovar went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_10: so guenovert went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_12: so gueniver went to the gate to meet him and he entered

file: 3660-172182-0011.flac
expected: and geraint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_2: and deran greeads thy well and ngreeading the he compeld me d a comehither to do tho pleasje fol h insout which thie maiden recei from the dh waf no wedit he of artakelhe
	layer_4: and duraint greeat the well and engreding the he compelld mee a come her ther to do thoyg pleasur for the insout which thy maden receive from the dwarff no ertid he ov a take they
	layer_6: and duraint greetes the well and ingreeding the he compelld me to come her ther to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy made and receive from the dwarf nowhere did he overtake thee
	layer_8: and durant greets the well and ingreeting the he compelld me to come hether to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maidnd receive from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_10: and durant greets the well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_12: and durant greets thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee

file: 3660-172182-0012.flac
expected: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraint will be here
	layer_2: srsaid she when think us dou that jurand will be hr
	layer_4: sir said she when think istou that duraind will be here
	layer_6: sir said she when thinkes tou that durain'td will be here
	layer_8: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerant will be here
	layer_10: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraind will be here
	layer_12: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraind will be here

file: 3660-172182-0013.flac
expected: to morrow lady i think he will be here with the maiden
	layer_2: to marlasmy thin ull be her wat the maten
	layer_4: to moroalayy  my think you il beher with the matn
	layer_6: to morolat  i think yo will be here wit the maiten
	layer_8: to morrow lady i think you will be here with the maiten
	layer_10: to morrow lady i think you will be here with the maiten
	layer_12: to morrow lady i think you will be here with the maiten

file: 3660-172182-0014.flac
expected: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_2: i am lod said he and have met with much truble an reeived woms unsupportable
	layer_4: i am lod said he and i have met with much trouble iand received woons unsupportable
	layer_6: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_8: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_10: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_12: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable

file: 3660-172182-0015.flac
expected: well said arthur from what i hear it behooves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_2: wel haell outhere fowhat i herit bewhose gever to be mrusful to ds thy
	layer_4: well sallouther fom what i here it behovse gwnver to be mrsful tords the
	layer_6: well sill auther from what i heare it bewhose gwiniver to be merful toards thee
	layer_8: well sil athur from what i hear it behoves gwiniver to be mercful towards thee
	layer_10: well tel arthur from what i hear it bewhoves guiniver to be merciful towards thee
	layer_12: well till arthur from what i hear it bewhoves guiniver to be merciful towards thee

file: 3660-172182-0016.flac
expected: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_2: the morse which thoud desaris lod said she willigran to him sinceidisas ensulting to the that an inslt shuld be offrd to me asto thiyself
	layer_4: the mersey which thou desiris lod said she will i grant to him sincei isas ensulting to the that an insult should be offed to me as to thyself
	layer_6: the mercy which thou desirus lod said she will i grand to him since it is is insulting to the that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_8: the mercy which thou desiroeus lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_10: the mercy which thou desireus lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_12: the mercy which thou desireus lord said she will i grant him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself

file: 3660-172182-0017.flac
expected: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_2: thus walul be best to dots said other lethis man hade mt e icar intill o be knon whetherg he man li
	layer_4: thus willo be best to dote said outher let this man have medical care antill it be known whether he may live
	layer_6: thus williut be best to doce said ather let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_8: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_10: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_12: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live

file: 3660-172182-0018.flac
expected: to guenever and her handmaidens said he
	layer_2: to walveer rn er hand mideen said he
	layer_4: to guetovher aner hand maden said he
	layer_6: to guete of her ind her hand madein said he
	layer_8: to gut of her in her hand madden said he
	layer_10: to gwetv her in her hand maiden said he
	layer_12: to gwev her in her hand maiden said he

file: 3660-172182-0019.flac
expected: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_2: and the strter the househol so orded her
	layer_4: an the stude of the househol so orded her
	layer_6: an the stoie of the householde so orded her
	layer_8: and the sture of the household so ordered her
	layer_10: and the sterde of the household so ordered her
	layer_12: and the stearde of the household so ordered her

file: 3660-172182-0020.flac
expected: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seem'd so like his own of modred arthur's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_2: and being yong he chaged himself and gro to hate the sin that seemed so like is on of modred out thes nefu and fellat last in the great battle fihing for the king
	layer_4: and being young he changed himself and gre to hate the sin that seemed so like his on of modred ot tis nefew and fellet last in the great battle fighing for the king
	layer_6: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred othas nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_8: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred ate's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_10: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred ata's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_12: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of madred ata's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king

file: 3660-172182-0021.flac
expected: and when geraint came to the place where guenever was he saluted her
	layer_2: indwhen der and came to the place wad oneifver was he soluteder
	layer_4: and when duran came to the place woig gone of her was he soluteder
	layer_6: andwhen jurainet came to the place wilg went efv her was he soluted her
	layer_8: and when jerane came to the place where win of er was he saluted her
	layer_10: and when dorane came to the place where win of vher was he saluted her
	layer_12: and when dorane came to the place where uinof her was he saluted her

file: 3660-172182-0022.flac
expected: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_2: the they wentin in dhismounted
	layer_4: than they went in in dismounted
	layer_6: then they went in indismounted
	layer_8: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_10: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_12: then they went in and dismounted

file: 3660-172182-0023.flac
expected: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_2: heaven prtack thy sad ather and the walkm of haven be unto thy
	layer_4: heaven protact the said ather and the walkme of heavene be unto thee
	layer_6: heaven protect thee said ather and the welkme of heaven be unto thee
	layer_8: heaven protect thee said athur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_10: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_12: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee

file: 3660-172182-0024.flac
expected: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edeyrn the son of nudd thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_2: and in is much is thou hasd vankuorsh edneran the sone of nod thou has had a prospros coriar
	layer_4: and in his much is though hasd vanquishd ednuran the sone of nod thou has had a prospro's coriar
	layer_6: and in is much as thou has vanquishd edniron the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous carea
	layer_8: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednerin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous careeer
	layer_10: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednerin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_12: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednerin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career

file: 3660-172182-0025.flac
expected: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_2: and from that time ot became as wife
	layer_4: and from that time hou became as wife
	layer_6: and from that time should became his wife
	layer_8: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_10: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_12: and from that time she became his wife

file: 3660-172182-0026.flac
expected: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_2: an th madent took uper abod in te paus and she had many companioncs both menen woman and the was no maten more stteemed thand she in the ilindtho brittn
	layer_4: and the madent took ap herabod in the pouse and she had many compinions both menan women and there was no madten more steemed thand she in the island of britten
	layer_6: and the maidon took up her aboat in the palse and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maideen more steamed than she in the island of britan
	layer_8: and the maiden took up her abod in the palace hand she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more steamed than she in the island of britain
	layer_10: and the maiden took up her abod in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteamed than she in the island of britain
	layer_12: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteamed than she in the island of britain

file: 3660-172182-0027.flac
expected: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_2: and h yeare and a secnd ana third he proceeted thus until his faine had flon over the face of the kindom
	layer_4: and a year and asecond ena third he prceeted thus untill hs fain had flone over the face of the kingdom
	layer_6: and a year and a second anathird he proceeded thus until his faim had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_8: and a year and a second and a third he preceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_10: and a year and a second and a third he preceded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_12: and a year and a second and a third he preceded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom

file: 3660-172182-0028.flac
expected: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_2: and he greeats the well has an unkls shul great his nef ou and as e vasl shoul greetd his lod
	layer_4: and he greeats the well as an ouncleshould greed his neg yoeu and as a vasls shoud greet his lod
	layer_6: and he greets the well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vastle should greet his lod
	layer_8: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_10: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_12: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord

file: 3660-172182-0029.flac
expected: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covet his land and possessions
	layer_2: and the eyh bring chivfes nowing miss sgroinceelentord him and covithis land and posessions
	layer_4: and the nei bring chiefs knowing mthiss s growincselen toard him and covert his land an posessions
	layer_6: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolen toard him and coverd his land in possessions
	layer_8: and the neighboring chiefs knowing nhiss grow insolent toward him and covered his land and possessions
	layer_10: and the neighbouring chiefs knowingnis grow insolent toward him and covered his land an possessions
	layer_12: and the neighboring chiefs knowingtis grow insolent toward him and covered his land and possessions

file: 3660-172182-0030.flac
expected: and arthur told geraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_2: and othe told urand te case of the mition an of the coming of tlhe abacites to him ut of conwal truly said juraint be it to mid ivantigoi dic atvanige lod i will do ar cotin to thi well concerningthassempisy
	layer_4: and othe told jurant the cause of the mistion and of the coming of the embacites to him out of conwall truly said juraint be a to my iventageo dicatvenage lod i will do accoding to thy will concerningthe sempasy
	layer_6: and outhe told youraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the imbassites to him out of conwall truly said juraint bea to my advantageouo disatvantage lod i will do according to thy will concerning the sempasy
	layer_8: and othe told yurant the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassados to him out of conwall truly said juraint beit to my advantage our disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning the sembassy
	layer_10: and atha told jur ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of conwall truly said jurant be it to my advantage or disadvantaged lord i will do according to thy will concerning thes embassy
	layer_12: and atha told your ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of conwall truly said juraint be it to my advantage our disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy

file: 3660-172182-0031.flac
expected: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_2: what discuse said gonover do i heha between you
	layer_4: what discourse said geneover to i heae between you
	layer_6: what discourse said guenover do i heare between you
	layer_8: what discourse said guenevar do i hear between you
	layer_10: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_12: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you

file: 3660-172182-0032.flac
expected: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_2: said duraint i thin kiciaul haveanogh of noht od with me and they set forth
	layer_4: said duraint i think i shall have a nough of knight hod with me and they sat forth
	layer_6: said jeraint i think i shall have enough of nighthod with me and they sat forth
	layer_8: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they sat forth
	layer_10: said gerent i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_12: said gerent i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth

file: 3660-172182-0033.flac
expected: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severn
	layer_2: and never was ti seein a faira hose gurning twd steseveren
	layer_4: and never was this seeng a faira host journing towauds asseveren
	layer_6: and never was this seen a faira host journeying towards h severegn
	layer_8: and never was there seen a fairee host journeying towards tha severign
	layer_10: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards te severeign
	layer_12: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severeign

file: 3660-172182-0034.flac
expected: and he said to geraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominion for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_2: and he saidte jurint iame a feeble in a nageed men and wilst i was able to maintaine the de meaans for the inf a myself i ditso
	layer_4: and he said to juraint i am a feeble in a n agid man and wilst i was able to maintain the deminans for thee in fa myself i didt so
	layer_6: and he said to duraint i am a feeble in an aged man and walst i was able to maintain the demenins for thee in for myself i did so
	layer_8: and he said to jorant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_10: and he said to gorant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_12: and he said to jorant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so

file: 3660-172182-0035.flac
expected: and every one asked that which he desired
	layer_2: and there hone ast that whach she des ighted
	layer_4: and thevery ene ased that whach she desidd
	layer_6: and everyone aske that which he desided
	layer_8: and everyone asked that which she desided
	layer_10: and everyone asked that which he desired
	layer_12: and everyone asked that which he desired

file: 3660-172182-0036.flac
expected: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_2: and they wanot long n giving so er was every onedo besto ges and of those o camedto askiufs noned u poted un sad is fid
	layer_4: and they woe not longiand giving so eaker was evry one to be sto gifs and of thosewho came to askifs none a poted unsatisfied
	layer_6: and they well not long and giving so eaga was every one to besto giffts and iof those who came to askiffts none depotted unsatisfied
	layer_8: and they were not long an giving so eagere was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none depoted unsatisfied
	layer_10: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to asgifts none depated unsatisfied
	layer_12: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to as gifts none departed unsatisfied

file: 3660-172182-0037.flac
expected: then geraint sent ambassadors to the men of cornwall to ask them this
	layer_2: thendrains and ebaes to the men of conwa to ask thonmiss
	layer_4: then uraints andabasses to the men of corn wial to aske temiss
	layer_6: then duraints and ambasses to the men of cornwale to asklhemiss
	layer_8: then jurants end embasses to the men of cornwall to ask themiss
	layer_10: then jurante end embassas to the men of cornwall to ask themis
	layer_12: then gerante end embassars to the men of cornwall to ask themis

file: 3660-172182-0038.flac
expected: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_2: and they allsaid that a would be the fonee of joriun onr to themfor juraint to comin receev their omange
	layer_4: and they al said that it would be the fullesse of joion honar to them for jeraint to common receive their armege
	layer_6: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joan hono to them for juraint to come and receive their ormage
	layer_8: and they all said that it would be the fullness of jo and honour to them for gjeraint to come and receive their omage
	layer_10: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honor to them for gerant to come and receive their homage
	layer_12: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for geraint to come and receive their homage

file: 3660-172182-0039.flac
expected: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_2: soh he reseeve the amege of such as wre thear
	layer_4: so he receive the omage of such as were there
	layer_6: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_8: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_10: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_12: so he received the homage of such as were there

file: 3660-172182-0040.flac
expected: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_2: and the deay aftr the followas of ather intene te goway
	layer_4: and the day aft er the followas of oauther intended to goway
	layer_6: and the day after the follows of athur antended to go way
	layer_8: and the day after the followrs of athur intended to go away
	layer_10: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_12: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away

file: 116-288048-0000.flac
expected: a number of other dates were observed by the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gospels give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_2: and tember o other dayts wer obser oithe critin churacch if tverious tims as tha bir te aogesesthe gos was gif no date and abear to be quit and certaen relly ignear abotit
	layer_4: and tember of other dates were observed wr the crichon church of verioust times as tha birt tey objesesthe gos was give no date and a pear to be quite and certain really ignoar abot it
	layer_6: a number of other dates were observed wer the chritian church of various times as the birt y objesus the gos was give no date and appear to be quiteundcertain really ignord about it
	layer_8: a number of other dates were observed were the christian church of various times as the birttay of jesus the gos was give no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignored about it
	layer_10: a number of other dates were observed or the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gos was give no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignornt about it
	layer_12: a number of other dates were observed or the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gos was give no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignornt about it

file: 116-288048-0001.flac
expected: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_2: he ef there is no evidin s the he was boarne l that day
	layer_4: hy et there is no evidence they he was bornl that day
	layer_6: yef there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_8: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_10: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_12: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day

file: 116-288048-0002.flac
expected: why this discrepancy in a historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_2: wmyt is discreckment se in historkcle doccunment to say nohing abolinsperation
	layer_4: wiht is descreckment ce in th his storcale document to say nothing about in speration
	layer_6: mit is discreptmentcy in th his storical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_8: whiht his discrepency in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_10: wit is discrepency in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_12: whit is discrepmency in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration

file: 116-288048-0003.flac
expected: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant messiah
	layer_2: agim mat eu says that to kxcae the eble isineds of haried maryin josit withe infren jeseus flat into egit louks ays nothing abouthis hered fliht nor of hairids intantion to kil ty infan the sia
	layer_4: again matyu says that to excape the ebled esines of herid mary an josive wit the infent geses flet into egipt loks as nothing about his huari flight nor of har its intantion o kill the infant decir
	layer_6: again mateu says that to exscape the egile designs of herid maryin josip with the infrant jesus floed into egypt luks as nothing about this hurrid flight nor of harods intantion to kill the infant decia
	layer_8: again mateu says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lukeas nothing about this hurried flight nor of herrod's intention to kill the infant dessiah
	layer_10: again mathu says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant dessirah
	layer_12: again mathu says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant dessiah

file: 116-288048-0004.flac
expected: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_2: won h coumnet the more importain chafpors abudgieses we me wi quiter tifficultes
	layer_4: bhon lhe come to the more importan chafpers aboutgeses whem met with guiter tifficulties
	layer_6: when wecome to them more important chafpers about jesis we met with quiter difficulties
	layer_8: when we come to the more important chapers about jesus we meet with queitter difficulties
	layer_10: when we come to the more important chaters about jesus we meet with greatter difficulties
	layer_12: when we come to the more important chaters about jesus we meet with greatter difficulties

file: 116-288048-0005.flac
expected: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_2: whl is always on ufridy that the couusficties commimeraded the weakin which the day accurs very em our te year
	layer_4: wheyis always ona friday that the crusefictinos commimorated the weakon which the day occurrs verys frme goure do year
	layer_6: wily is always on a friday that the crusfictin s commemorated the weak in which the day occurrs veries from gyur to year
	layer_8: whilei is always on a friday that the crusfiction is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies fro yare to year
	layer_10: while i is always on a friday that the crucefiction is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_12: while it is always on a friday that the crucefiction is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year

file: 116-288048-0006.flac
expected: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon allows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun in the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_2: good friday fals not before thispren ecrinogks but as soon atfor thispren iqlenos as the for moon lls thust making tha caculationto dopain up on theposition of the sn nd hezoldic and the faes of themon
	layer_4: good frada falls not before ths pring equenocxs but as soon afer i s pring equenonxs as the fl moon louws thus making the caculation to depin up on the position of the sn andtazoltiec and the faces of the moon
	layer_6: good frida falls not before the spring equinoxs but as soon aftr th spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the caculation to depain upon the position of the sun an the zodiec and the face of the moon
	layer_8: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun nd the zodiec and the phases of the moon
	layer_10: good friday falls not before the spring iquinoq but as soon after the spring iquinoq as the full moon louws thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiec and the phases of the moon
	layer_12: good friday falls not before the spring equinoq but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiec and the phases of the moon

file: 116-288048-0007.flac
expected: the pagan oestera has become the christian easter
	layer_2: the paken o stea has be come te qriston easter
	layer_4: the paken o steario has become the cristian easter
	layer_6: the pacen austeria has become the christian easter
	layer_8: the pacan austeria has become h christian easter
	layer_10: the pacan austelia has become the christian easter
	layer_12: the pacan austelia has become the christian easter

file: 116-288048-0008.flac
expected: but in the absence of evidence origin offers the following metaphysical arguments against the sceptical celsus one
	layer_2: thut inthye aptins of evieencs ordan offers a follyi mitip ains cl argumencs egincis gepticalselses one
	layer_4: but in the apstains of evidence organ offrs of folly medifins coll arguments aginsis kepticalselses one
	layer_6: but in the abstiencs of evidence orgint offers of follwn medifinsichol arguments againstistkeptical selses one
	layer_8: but in the absence of evidence orgin offers of follyng metophicical arguments against thekeptical selses one
	layer_10: but in the absence of evidence origin offers of folly metaphysical arguments against thceptical selses one
	layer_12: but in the absence of evidence origin offers of follyd metaphyzical arguments against theceptical selses one

file: 116-288048-0009.flac
expected: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mythus of jesus
	layer_2: if we are thom have inin netholagit all he seems to ar u wh a jec to atding tlit the mis on jeses
	layer_4: if we are to have enyg mothollogt all he seems to ar you why abjec to adding to it the mis of giesis
	layer_6: if we are to have any metholog ate all he seems to arguee why object to addin to it the mids of jesus
	layer_8: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_10: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_12: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus

file: 116-288048-0010.flac
expected: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_2: te emidit compangens of geses appeari to be on mether hand as miftftigolas he is indselfe
	layer_4: the ammedit companions of jeses appeare to be on mether hand as miftthegles he is hmself
	layer_6: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on thether hand as mithtgless he is himself
	layer_8: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on theither hand as mith gl as he is himself
	layer_10: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythgl as he is himself
	layer_12: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythigl as he is himself

file: 116-288048-0011.flac
expected: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_2: ho was mayou hir was mar
	layer_4: who was math you who was marp
	layer_6: who was mathew who was mark
	layer_8: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_10: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_12: who was matthew who was mark

file: 116-288048-0012.flac
expected: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_2: ho were jeone peter jutiuse and mery
	layer_4: who were john peter judise and mary
	layer_6: who were john peter jutis and marry
	layer_8: who were john peter judus and mery
	layer_10: who were john peter judas and mery
	layer_12: who were john peter judas and mery

file: 116-288048-0013.flac
expected: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_2: ther is abtiatly no evidin stha thy everexisted
	layer_4: there is abptuatly no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_6: there is abtialtely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_8: there is aptutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_10: there is absultely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_12: there is absultely no evidence that they ever existed

file: 116-288048-0014.flac
expected: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_2: if peer ever win o rown with a hiw doccron howse at that no history in hes take annot ofe him
	layer_4: if peter ever went to ron with a new dockron howse at that no his storyan has takee not of him
	layer_6: if peter ever went to rone with the new dokrin howsat that no historian has takee note of him
	layer_8: if peter ever went to rome with the new docrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_10: if peter ever went to rome with the new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_12: if peter ever went to rome with the new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him

file: 116-288048-0015.flac
expected: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_2: heragan we she the present s of a mish
	layer_4: he e egain we se the presentce of a mith
	layer_6: here again we see the presence of amith
	layer_8: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_10: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_12: here again we see the presence of a myth

file: 116-288048-0016.flac
expected: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_2: he was the ain en ho sathem
	layer_4: he was the oly hone ho sawthem
	layer_6: he was the only one whos saw them
	layer_8: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_10: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_12: he was the only one who saw them

file: 116-288048-0017.flac
expected: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_2: feter pall jon jams juie a hepythe stage on ml s efschousively
	layer_4: teter pall jon james jutis ackhepy the stage amos exchlusively
	layer_6: peter pau john james judis ockep a the stage almos excusively
	layer_8: peter paul john james judis ockupo the stage almost exclusively
	layer_10: peter paul john james judas ockepy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_12: peter paul john james judas ockepy the stage almost exclusively

file: 116-288048-0018.flac
expected: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_2: it is imcosletooxplan waythecontimprards of geses the athers in the his stor ian sef thes time you not tak notis of him
	layer_4: it is impossl to explain whi ther conthimprarieds of jeses the authers ind the his storian s ef this time ou not take notice of him
	layer_6: it is impossl to explaine why ther contemporaries of jesus the authurs and the hisstoriancsuf thes time you not take notice of him
	layer_8: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of thse time do not take notice of him
	layer_10: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of this time do not take notice of him
	layer_12: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of this time do not take notice of him

file: 116-288048-0019.flac
expected: could they have been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_2: fou they had bein na conspeir cse ainst him
	layer_4: for they had been ima conspercy aginsthim
	layer_6: for they had been in a conspircy against him
	layer_8: for they had been in a conspiercy against him
	layer_10: for they had been in a conspircy against him
	layer_12: for they had been a conspiracy against him

file: 116-288048-0020.flac
expected: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_2: how usus his e men i a sinset bicouendfor
	layer_4: how us as hid ics e mani ah sliencst b acouled for
	layer_6: how lls as hi ts emananm oussillence to be accoutent for
	layer_8: how else is hi this eumenimous sience to be accounted for
	layer_10: how else is ihis eumanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_12: how else is iis eumanimous silence to be accounted for

file: 116-288048-0021.flac
expected: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_2: how thend a we to desied  which ather  newmorus cannid its for thivvine honer should be givman arboats
	layer_4: how thend are we to decide which ather anuwm rous kendits for devind honor should be givman our voats
	layer_6: how then are we to decide which ather a numerous kennedetes for divine honours should be giv in our vothes
	layer_8: how then are we to decide which of thei anumerous kennedetes for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_10: how then are we to decide which thei numerous kenedates for divine honours should be given our votes
	layer_12: how then are we to decide which thei numerous kenedates for divine honours should be given our votes

file: 116-288048-0022.flac
expected: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell fire hereafter
	layer_2: and such a favte is nev erfree ie is always maing taime bt a sord nmow and by hel for her aftern
	layer_4: and such a fate is never free het his always maintam but a sord now and by helt far here after
	layer_6: and such a faith is never free it is always maintain but he sword now and by heal far here after
	layer_8: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but he sword now and by hel far hereafter
	layer_10: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by hell fare hereafter
	layer_12: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by hell fare hereafter

file: 116-288048-0023.flac
expected: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jesus mouth
	layer_2: yet the most im posl utdernc es er pout in gu his mouth
	layer_4: yet the most im possl uddernc is are ptan u is mouth
	layer_6: yet the most impossbul utterances are puton u us mouth
	layer_8: yet the most impossible utterances are putin jyutos mouth
	layer_10: yet the most impossible utterances are puttin dudos mouth
	layer_12: yet the most impossible utterances are puttin dutos mouth

file: 116-288048-0024.flac
expected: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the universe to courtiers who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_2: onlhimithicoldetes coldvrcualy hand ove the goma evers to ortrs who have pitations to pressipon his atention
	layer_4: only mithiculgedus couldverthally hand over tha goermar t evers tocorters who have petations to pressup on his attention
	layer_6: only a mithical jsus couldvertually hand over the govermarf the evers to corters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_8: only a mythical jesus coul virtually hand over the govermnof the evers to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_10: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the governmntof the evers to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_12: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the evers to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention

file: 116-288048-0025.flac
expected: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_2: mor over if jetus col keep his promus there would be to day no misrin the world no orfens no chiled lus mothers no shippriecks no flos no fannans no t ises no crepled children now n santy no wars no cime no ron
	layer_4: more over iv etous could keep his proms there would be to day no misery in the world no orfans no childouss mothers no shipreckts no floods no fammens no diszeas no cripled children no an senity no wars no crime no rong
	layer_6: moreover if eu us could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childdes mothers no shipwreks no floods no famons no disease no cripled children no incenity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_8: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insenity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_10: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphanes no childliss mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_12: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childlissh mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong

file: 116-288048-0026.flac
expected: have these prayers been answered
	layer_2: havhies prairs bhen answered
	layer_4: haves praris ben answered
	layer_6: havyes prayeras been answered
	layer_8: heavy's prayer has been answered
	layer_10: heavy's prayer has been answered
	layer_12: heavy's prayer has been answered

file: 116-288048-0027.flac
expected: how many self deluded prophets these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_2: how y self t lytrvd profatcs these extravingad claims he produst
	layer_4: how aly self taluee profatce these extravingit clames have paroducd
	layer_6: how ane self dolete profitce these extravingant claims have produced
	layer_8: how any self delute profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_10: how many self deluded profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_12: how many self deluded profits these extravagant claims have produced

file: 116-288048-0028.flac
expected: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_2: and who can numwerehthe bierges ufppoantemeits causd bysichiin pospl promises
	layer_4: and who can number the bier ius uf pointments caused by such an possbl promises
	layer_6: and who can number the btter des appointments caused by such anpossibl promises
	layer_8: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_10: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_12: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises

file: 116-288048-0029.flac
expected: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_2: the sang whichapracires of to day give he paried his ans with many wordcs and aet link said af the pomese was we taking with tho provision that whil we ast for would egiven ive go tht for uguod
	layer_4: the sang which ap preatures of to day agive he pared his ance with many words and at leink said hat the promis was re taking with the provision that whil we ased for would be given if got thoghet for ar good
	layer_6: the sang which the pracheres of to day  give he paried his ansew with many words and at linkt said that the promise was retaken with the provision that whal we asked for would be given if god though it for our good
	layer_8: the sang which tha preachers uf to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was betaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_10: the saing which tapreachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_12: the saing which ta preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good

file: 116-288048-0030.flac
expected: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_2: purt he said if hyo ask ketling a my name i will do it and if it werenot so i woud have toldgyou
	layer_4: put he said if you askentthiyg an my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_6: but he said if you ask enthing in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_8: but he said if you ask anthing in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_10: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_12: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you

file: 116-288048-0031.flac
expected: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_2: that he not men jus wher he said
	layer_4: that he not mean just whate he said
	layer_6: did he not mean just whet he said
	layer_8: did he not mean just whete he said
	layer_10: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_12: did he not mean just what he said

file: 116-288048-0032.flac
expected: self effort and not prayer is the remedy against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_2: selvf efert and not praire is a rimyagains ignens slavery poverty in mor decgridation
	layer_4: self effort and not prayir is a rimidt agains eigneorence slavery poverty ind morl degredation
	layer_6: self effort and not prayer is arimied against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_8: self effort and not prayer is aremied against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_10: self effort and not prayer is a remmie against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_12: self effort and not prayer is a remmide against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation

file: 116-288046-0000.flac
expected: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_2: but i anbeterman not oliggei now if it his possible the ho tro ha bout eses but ausedto communicate that true fu others
	layer_4: but i umbe terma not only gto kno if it is possible the ho trueth about jeses but alsoe to comunicate that tru throuhothers
	layer_6: but i am be termine not only to know if it is possible the whoe truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth trow others
	layer_8: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth trou others
	layer_10: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_12: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others

file: 116-288046-0001.flac
expected: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_2: but there is mor of a morl taonic n the open in caned discustion of a subdeth lik the one in hand then in the mote tute o pllities
	layer_4: but there is more of a morl tanic an the open ancaned discussion of a subjeth like the one in hand then in the multitude o platiteds
	layer_6: but there is more of a moraltonic and the open an candta discussion of a subject like the one an hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_8: but there is more of a moraltonic ind the open and candi discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in h multitude of platitudes
	layer_10: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candiddiscussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_12: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candiddiscussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes

file: 116-288046-0002.flac
expected: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_2: i never da liver  lecture in which udo not g had d reackelyt ore inderecly gif foene freke pression to my fafe and erverething thaes worli offace
	layer_4: i never teliver a lecture in which i dou not gita direckely or inderectly gife fullun fr expresion to my fafe in everything thais worly offafh
	layer_6: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not git e drecktly or inderectly gi full indfr expression to my faithe in everything thas worli of faith
	layer_8: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not gete directly or indirectly give full and fre expression to my faith and everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_10: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not gethet directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith and everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_12: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not gethe directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith and everything that is worthy of faith

file: 116-288046-0003.flac
expected: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_2: if ad i not belenv an daogma is be claus i bleavan fetom
	layer_4: if ido not believen dogme is becaus i blieveen freedom
	layer_6: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_8: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_10: if i do not believe in dogma it s because i believe in freedom
	layer_12: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom

file: 116-288046-0004.flac
expected: oh he tears down but does not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_2: oh he tars down bo hes not buldut is in other crisseson oa but my work it is not trouo
	layer_4: oh he terrs down but he's n not builed up is another crisisn about my work it is not true
	layer_6: oh he terrs down but he's not builld up is another chrisism about my work it is not true
	layer_8: oh he tears down but he s not build up is another chricism about my work it is not true
	layer_10: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_12: oh he tears down but heis not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true

file: 116-288046-0005.flac
expected: no preacher or priest is more constructive
	layer_2: no pratur appret is mor con structive
	layer_4: no prature appreat is more anstructive
	layer_6: no preachere af prect is more constructive
	layer_8: no preacher a prech is more constructive
	layer_10: no preacher o preach is more constructive
	layer_12: no preacher o preach is more constructive

file: 116-288046-0006.flac
expected: clapping truth into jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_2: classhdrin truth in jail gagin the mowuf of the stoont is ade billdy n uportarring d own
	layer_4: classerin truth an jal yagin the mou fof the stoond is at building up ortaring down
	layer_6: classring truth in jail gagging the mouth of the stonnt is that building up or taring down
	layer_8: classpring truth an jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_10: clasping truth and jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_12: claspering truth and jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down

file: 116-288046-0007.flac
expected: when bruno lighted a new torch to increase the light of the world what was his reward the stake
	layer_2: when brinal lid a new toorch t and creaced e liy of the world whot lwas his fwoe word the stak
	layer_4: when brinnel lihd a new trch to endcreased a ly of the world whot was is fe word the stake
	layer_6: when brinnel liht a new torch to increased a lie of the world what was is fuword the stake
	layer_8: when brinnol lihed a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his forard the stake
	layer_10: when brynnol lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his fourboard the stake
	layer_12: when brynnol lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his fourboard the stake

file: 116-288046-0008.flac
expected: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_2: cauntyour rigtes plticle religus sotial intiolectial antely which af thim was cokred foryou by the preast
	layer_4: count yourihts poltcl religious social intolectial intellmy which of them was cocretd for you by the priest
	layer_6: count your rihtes political religious social intellectal an tell me which of them was concret for you by the priest
	layer_8: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_10: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_12: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest

file: 116-288046-0009.flac
expected: i wish to tell you something
	layer_2: al wih a tellyo something
	layer_4: i which a tel you something
	layer_6: i wich i tell you something
	layer_8: i wish o tell you something
	layer_10: i wish ti tell you something
	layer_12: i wish ti tell you something

file: 116-288046-0010.flac
expected: but first let us be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_2: tbe first lless beimpersonal tbe ipatits eurreverent glasomer aiest and infoitil oar floung an a man not ferompity befrom invy
	layer_4: tet first less be impersonal the opathits ir reverent glasfamer aighiest and infidell ar flung at a man not from pety betfrom invy
	layer_6: but first less be impersonal the epithits ir reverent glasfamer aihthiest and infidel are flung an a man not from pity but from inve
	layer_8: but firstless beimpersonal the epithets irreverent glaspumer athiest and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envhy
	layer_10: but first les be impersonal the ypithets irreverent glasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_12: but first les be impersonal the ypithets irreverent glasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy

file: 116-288046-0011.flac
expected: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wetting the open page before him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_2: nont haven t a curiageor the indistrye of oar nebor who works like of busy be in thae world of minin books sercing with he swet of his brow for the ralld bread of life whey in e openpage ofor him with his ters pusiento the we ouers the night his quest and mad bitha farst of al lovs the leve of truth we ease are own indelent conchence fby kling him naimes
	layer_4: not having th curage or the indistry of our neighbour who works like o busy be in the world o min en books searching with a sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whelt in the open page offored him with his ters pushi ingto the we hours f the night his quest and matdad but a fairiset of all loves the love of truth we eas are own indelent conscience fby calin him names
	layer_6: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy be in the world of min and books searching with he swead of his brow for the real bread of life whent in the open page afor him with his tears pushing into the whe hours of the night his quest and madeed byt the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease oure own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_8: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wheth in the open page afore him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_10: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whethin the open page affor him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_12: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy be in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wheth in the open page affor him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names

file: 116-288045-0000.flac
expected: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups wending their way hither and thither
	layer_2: as   proase to seity i hard bellsranging and la later i fhon the strat sto stir with throngs of welldrest people in famnla grups whyn ding thei way hither in dither
	layer_4: as i a proase to city i heard bells ringing and ala later i foun the streets a stir with throngs of well drest people in family groops whinding their way hither in dither
	layer_6: as i approace ta city i heard bells ringing and a li later i found the streets o stir with throngs of well dresse people in family groups winding their way hither an tither
	layer_8: as i approached the city i heard e bells ringing and a litle later i found the streets a stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_10: as i approached the city i heard te bells ringing and a little later i found the streets a stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_12: as i approached the city i heard te bells ringing and a little later i found the streets a stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither

file: 116-288045-0001.flac
expected: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_2: lookin a bout me i sawdgentlment in neet blact dress smilim and his han ext ininto me ifh grat qur gality
	layer_4: looking about me i sow agentlment in aneat black dress smilimg and his han extinen to me ewith great coargiality
	layer_6: looking about me i saw a gentlemant in a neet black dress smiling and his hand extened to me with great corigiality
	layer_8: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_10: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_12: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality

file: 116-288045-0002.flac
expected: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_2: he miust of rilas tous istrandger an wish tu tiner his hous bitalley tome i ee ceped at grafuly i clasd rhis hand he presst mine
	layer_4: he must ha reillased i was astranger and wishd yu tinder his housbatallty to me i exceptaid at gratefully i clased his hand he pressed mime
	layer_6: he must have relized i was a stranger and wishd you tinder his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_8: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished tou tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressedt mine
	layer_10: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_12: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine

file: 116-288045-0003.flac
expected: we gazed for a moment silently into each other's eyes
	layer_2: we gazed formo ments liht lyintoee to ther'sise
	layer_4: we gazed for a momets lightleainto e eo therseyese
	layer_6: we gazed for a moments lightly in to eaj other's eyes
	layer_8: we gazed for a moments lightly into eachother's eyes
	layer_10: we gazed for a moment lightly into each other's eyes
	layer_12: we gazed for a moment lightly into each other's eyes

file: 116-288045-0004.flac
expected: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_2: of cours youregoing their to i said to my frimtly gid
	layer_4: of cours you are going their too i said to my frienly guid
	layer_6: of course you are going there too i said to my friently guide
	layer_8: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_10: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_12: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide

file: 116-288045-0005.flac
expected: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_2: yes hanswered i connoke the wortio iam appreaset
	layer_4: yes heanswered i cannuck the worshi i am appriest
	layer_6: yes he answered i cannuck the worship i am a priest
	layer_8: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_10: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_12: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest

file: 116-288045-0006.flac
expected: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_2: tan ihdl i wis ered takgin messupprise
	layer_4: an idal i wiserat takin bessapprise
	layer_6: an idle i whisered taken bessurprise
	layer_8: an idole i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_10: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_12: an idol i whispered taken by surprise

file: 116-288045-0007.flac
expected: they worshipped gods that did not exist
	layer_2: they wre sh a got theatdid not ex ist
	layer_4: they were shap god the id not exist
	layer_6: they worship god thay did not exist
	layer_8: they worshipe god that did not exist
	layer_10: they worshiped god thay did not exist
	layer_12: they worshipped god thay did not exist

file: 116-288045-0008.flac
expected: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamoring in my breast
	layer_2: thut the g reaks love their godes oprotisted my har claruma my brest
	layer_4: thut the greieks leve their gods o protisted miyt heart clamnra my bresst
	layer_6: but the greeks loved their gods ap protested my heart clamran my breast
	layer_8: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamorin my breast
	layer_10: bhat the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clammurd in my breast
	layer_12: bhat the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clammured in my breast

file: 116-288045-0009.flac
expected: no i said in a low voice
	layer_2: now i said in a lo oics
	layer_4: no i said in a lowvevoice
	layer_6: no i said in a low voice
	layer_8: no i said in a low voice
	layer_10: no i said in a low voice
	layer_12: no i said in a low voice

file: 116-288045-0010.flac
expected: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_2: he was an itl thim and not a got
	layer_4: he was an idl thin and not a god
	layer_6: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_8: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_10: he was an idole then and not a god
	layer_12: he was an idole then and not a god

file: 116-288045-0011.flac
expected: it made athens a city of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_2: i mait aft int a s of light i crated the baful the tru the good yes ar ligin wasdoif ine
	layer_4: i made affhin to see of light it crated the beaful the true the good yes are ligin was divine
	layer_6: it made athen ta see of light it created the beatiful the true the good yes oure religion was divin
	layer_8: it made athens a see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_10: it made athens a see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_12: it made athens a see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine

file: 116-288045-0012.flac
expected: it had only one fault interrupted my guide what was that
	layer_2: thet had only one folt in tr o kr my gid whit was that
	layer_4: that had only one faulht introketon my guid what was that
	layer_6: thit had only one fault introeden my guide what was that
	layer_8: it had only one fault andtroked  my guide what was that
	layer_10: it had only one fault and croked at my guide what was that
	layer_12: it had only one fault and croked at my guide what was that

file: 116-288045-0013.flac
expected: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_2: i ae quired bwithout noine wheth his ansowald be it was not tro
	layer_4: i anquired without knoin whit his answerwould be it was not tru
	layer_6: i inquired without knoing with his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_8: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_10: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_12: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true

file: 116-288045-0014.flac
expected: produce him
	layer_2: perdos him
	layer_4: produe him
	layer_6: produce him
	layer_8: produce him
	layer_10: produce him
	layer_12: produce him

file: 116-288045-0015.flac
expected: i whispered to myself what blasphemy
	layer_2: i wishe to myself wht blas o me
	layer_4: i wich we to myself what blas for me
	layer_6: i wishwe to myself what blasfor me
	layer_8: i wishmoe to myself what blasfor me
	layer_10: i wisho to myself what blaspher me
	layer_12: i wishe to myself what blaspher me

file: 116-288045-0016.flac
expected: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_2: then taking hart i told my gihde how wort an once i had fel u pollows radiyut presince ind my hart and heuld hime of the im mordtle linds of hoer condsernebed o in upollow
	layer_4: then takin heart i told my guied how more than once i had felt  polows radin at presence in my hart and hold him of the im mortal lines of homer concern the iv in apollow
	layer_6: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt a pollows radiant presence in my heart and hold him of the immortal lines of homeer concerned the divineapollo
	layer_8: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollow's radinat presence in my heart and old him of the immortal lines of homewer concerned the divine apollo
	layer_10: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homeere concernieg the divine apollo
	layer_12: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homeere concerning the divine apollo

file: 116-288045-0017.flac
expected: do you doubt homer
	layer_2: deu dout hoe
	layer_4: do you dout homer
	layer_6: do you doubt home
	layer_8: do you doubt home
	layer_10: do you doubt homer
	layer_12: do you doubt homer

file: 116-288045-0018.flac
expected: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_2: i saido him homer the in spired bard
	layer_4: i said to him homor the inspired bard
	layer_6: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_8: i said to him homer the inspired barrd
	layer_10: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_12: i said to him homer the inspired bard

file: 116-288045-0019.flac
expected: no no apollo is not an idol
	layer_2: no now a pollo was nmot anidle
	layer_4: no no a pollow was not an itale
	layer_6: no no a pallo as not an idle
	layer_8: no no apalla is not an idle
	layer_10: no no apolo is not an idle
	layer_12: no no apallo is not an idle

file: 116-288045-0020.flac
expected: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_2: he his a god and ha sene of ar god
	layer_4: he his agod and the son of agod
	layer_6: he is a god and ha son of a god
	layer_8: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_10: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_12: he is a god and the son of a god

file: 116-288045-0021.flac
expected: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_2: the are was heavy with insence an numbrov minan corgees vessmencs were passing to in fro bowin innealing wbefor th v veriousalie ts ind imiges
	layer_4: the ar was havy with inscence annumber of men an courges vestments were passing to infro bow an annealing before the  veriouslits and images
	layer_6: the air was heavy with incence a number of men and corgeus vestments were passing to infro bow ind in neeling before their various liets and images
	layer_8: the air was heavy with inctanse a number of men and gorgious vestments were passing to and fro bow and and kneeling before their various ligts and images
	layer_10: the air was heavy with incense a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing in kneeling before their various lights and images
	layer_12: the air was heavy with incense a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing in kneeling before thei various lights and images

file: 116-288045-0022.flac
expected: observing my anxiety to understand the meaning of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful savior jesus the son of god
	layer_2: abservyng myangsihto un erstand the men hof lal this my gi toot m assite and ina wispere told net o t ha pap wer sillobrin eneversry of the berthe other be tifulsyor geases the son of got
	layer_4: obseveing my ingsei to under stand the mean of all this my guiy tuok me a side and ina whisper told medthat the pepe wore cillibrain he enversry of the birtthy other reudiful saur jeses the son of god
	layer_6: obsevering my anxie to understand the mean of all this my guy took me aside and in a whisper told me that the peope were cilobray in the eniversry of the birth the of ther reatiful salioure jesus the son of god
	layer_8: observing my anxiey to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were cilebraty in the inniversary of the birththe oftheir beautiful salioure jesus the son of god
	layer_10: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful salure jesus the son of god
	layer_12: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful salure jesus the son of god

file: 116-288045-0023.flac
expected: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severity in his voice
	layer_2: for get upollow he said with ia i getion of suvaritin his voice
	layer_4: for gete a pollo he said with his igesion of severitim his voice
	layer_6: forget a pallo he said with his ugestion of severiting his voice
	layer_8: forget apollo he said with a aggestion of severiting his voice
	layer_10: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severitying his voice
	layer_12: forget apallo he said with a suggestion of severitying his voice

file: 116-288045-0024.flac
expected: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_2: there is no such prson he was only an ital
	layer_4: there is no such person he was only an idl
	layer_6: there is no such person he was only an idle
	layer_8: there is no such person he was only an idle
	layer_10: there is no such person he was only an idole
	layer_12: there is no such person he was only an idole

file: 116-288045-0025.flac
expected: if you were to search for apollo in all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_2: if e woudis serch for a polow ant all the nunvierse wouldh never find  ont anseren to his naiwediscribption
	layer_4: if hou old a cerch for a polowent all the unvers he would never find ne one ansering to his naewor oscription
	layer_6: if he wold a search for a polloent all the universe he would never find anyone answering to his nam woredescription
	layer_8: if he would asearch for a poloent all the universe she would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_10: if he would a search for apollin all the universe yoe would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_12: if heu weuld a search for apollowine all the universe yeu would never find any one answering to his name or description

file: 116-288045-0026.flac
expected: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_2: i wntis he gesos i hason tarnin twoard him
	layer_4: i wontos he gesus i haston turning toard him
	layer_6: i wont to see jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_8: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_10: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_12: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him

file: 116-288045-0027.flac
expected: will he not be here this morning
	layer_2: whill he not be heredismorning
	layer_4: will he not be here tis morning
	layer_6: will he not be here thismorning
	layer_8: will he not be here this morning
	layer_10: will he not be here this morning
	layer_12: will he not be here this morning

file: 116-288045-0028.flac
expected: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_2: we henot spee to his worsh apers i as t again
	layer_4: wie e not speak to his worshipers i askt agin
	layer_6: wil e not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_8: wil he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_10: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_12: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again

file: 116-288045-0029.flac
expected: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhale the ambrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_2: wil he not peo mit intetoucton to coress his hand to class as dovlind feet to en hel the im broaial fragurentce of his breath to basskc om a gold in lihdif his eies to heire musa k of his i maculat excence
	layer_4: wil he nut phermit intotouch im to coress his hand to classas dovind feet to anhel the em brosual fragrence of his breath to bask an a golden light of his eyes to her themusic of his i maculat eccence
	layer_6: will he not permith into touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to anhell the imbrosual fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his imaculate eccense
	layer_8: will he not permit thento touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to inhel the embrosal fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_10: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to inhell the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_12: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to inhell the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents

file: 116-288045-0030.flac
expected: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_2: i ast my eysfhillwith onder in my e wis iving withex sitment
	layer_4: i asked my eys fillwith onder iand my voice quiverin with excitement
	layer_6: i asked my eyes feill with wonder ain my voice quiverin with excitement
	layer_8: i asked my eyes fll with wonder an my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_10: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_12: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement

file: 116-288045-0031.flac
expected: would not that then i ventured to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_2: would not that then ivinthe to as inpatiently mate esus as much ovf an iddleas a pollo
	layer_4: would not that then i venche to ask impatiently make desis as much af an idal is a pollow
	layer_6: would not that then i venced to ask impatiently make desis as much of an idle is a pollow
	layer_8: would not that then i vencued to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idole as apollo
	layer_10: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_12: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo

file: 116-288045-0032.flac
expected: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_2: and ef fath at esis is ha gd pruosom agod whel wl not fapin u pollow makinwa got
	layer_4: and if fath at esis is a god prosim agod whil wil not fafe en a polow make hin wa god
	layer_6: and if faith at jesus is a god prue im a god whyl will not faith in a pollow make him a god
	layer_8: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god whye will not faith an apollow make him a god
	layer_10: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith ind apollow make him a god
	layer_12: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god

file: 116-288047-0000.flac
expected: a myth is a fanciful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_2: a mih is af fancewo ex wanation aof agiven fornomenon
	layer_4: i meth his af fanse wore expenation of a given frnarmenon
	layer_6: a meth as a fancful expanation of a given ponomenin
	layer_8: a meth is a fancful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_10: a methis a fanceful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_12: a methis a fanceful explanation of a given phenomenon

file: 116-288047-0001.flac
expected: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an inborn desire to know
	layer_2: the min crace fre nollege the cholled as questions wbe causeofniborng desar t on no
	layer_4: the mine crace forenowlege the child as questions wecause ofen imborning desire to know
	layer_6: the mine crace for knowledge the child as questions because ofan imborning desire to know
	layer_8: the mind crase for knowledge the child asked questions because o an emborning desire to know
	layer_10: the mind crase for knowledge the child aske questions because of an umborning desire to know
	layer_12: the mind crase for knowledge the child asks questions because of an umborning desire to know

file: 116-288047-0002.flac
expected: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_2: nowin tein thekincos in of te stapity gother
	layer_4: now ind tmhein they kan closing of to snapety jother
	layer_6: now in than they came closing ouf to snapaty jother
	layer_8: now and thn they came close enouh to snapp at each other
	layer_10: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_12: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other

file: 116-288047-0003.flac
expected: with this mythus the primitive man was satisfied until his developing intelligence realized its inadequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_2: with is mipthose the promn to man was staisefhiede and he has divellopin intiligincs relaws is inaliquasy siace was bornef that red lasation
	layer_4: with this mithose the proome to man was thetisfiede und hi has developin intelligonce realas its inaniquicy sigence was born of that relazation
	layer_6: with this mithos the prome to man was thatisfied and who has developing intelligence realazed its inanequacy science was borneer that relization
	layer_8: with this mithos the prome to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inenequacy science was born of that relization
	layer_10: with this mithos the prome to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_12: with this mythos the prom to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inaequacy science was born of that realization

file: 116-288047-0004.flac
expected: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindoos
	layer_2: the merehof a one i peopl liven an india has in replace ba accur ifformatiingcon cerin toe hendes
	layer_4: the merth of a one i people livien an india has in replace by acure infermatiin concerin the hindis
	layer_6: the mirth of a one i people liveing an india has ben replace by accur information concering the hinduws
	layer_8: the mith of a one eye people liveing in india has been replaced by accur information concering the hindews
	layer_10: the mith of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindus
	layer_12: the mirth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindus

file: 116-288047-0005.flac
expected: and this is precisely the use to which myths have been put
	layer_2: and misus prciseidthe use to which miss hivt hnin pout
	layer_4: and missus percisod thet use to which mers have en put
	layer_6: and missus precisetd thet use to which meres haven put
	layer_8: and missus precisled the use to which mers have en put
	layer_10: and missus precisely the use to which meres have been put
	layer_12: and missus precisely the use to which meres have been put

file: 116-288047-0006.flac
expected: is jesus a myth
	layer_2: is you is s am
	layer_4: is you hi somi
	layer_6: is uu semin
	layer_8: is uusamit
	layer_10: is juusami
	layer_12: is juusami

file: 116-288047-0007.flac
expected: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_2: there is and man afaclty forfiction
	layer_4: there is in man affaculty for fiction
	layer_6: there is in man of faculty for fiction
	layer_8: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_10: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_12: there is in man a faculty for fiction

file: 116-288047-0008.flac
expected: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_2: id hangs les t n at gessons
	layer_4: if hings less an at guesses
	layer_6: it thinks less han it guesses
	layer_8: it thinks less han it guesses
	layer_10: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_12: it thinks less than it guesses

file: 116-288047-0009.flac
expected: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its restless spirit
	layer_2: it is reflection which enterduces obe into t e mouthof imagination caringent pace and sbdoinits wereliat le spert
	layer_4: it is reflection which introduces of be into he mouth of amagination curbin ints pace and subdoing its wrelentles spirt
	layer_6: it is reflection which introduces of be into the mouth of imagination currbing its pace and subduing its relintless spirit
	layer_8: it is reflection which introduces ab into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_10: it is reflection which introduces abi into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_12: it is reflection which introduces ab into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit

file: 116-288047-0010.flac
expected: we fill the space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings
	layer_2: we fhul the space aboun ooruss es speiarits fairies gods and other in visione ary beens
	layer_4: we full t space aboutan overuss wae spirits faries gods an other in visiblone ary bens
	layer_6: we feeld a space about an over us with spirits fairies guods and other invisible an airy beans
	layer_8: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beanms
	layer_10: we feel t a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beangs
	layer_12: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beangs

file: 116-288047-0011.flac
expected: we covet the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_2: be cuveet the rained bo we reach out or a mon
	layer_4: becov ertd the ranbo we reach out for the moon
	layer_6: wecovert the rainbow we reache out for the moon
	layer_8: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_10: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_12: we cover t the rainbow we reach out for the moon

file: 116-288047-0012.flac
expected: our feet do not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_2: our feege not erely beanatuhed o farm groun andto we haverechd the years o discresstion
	layer_4: our feet not rely beging etoushed e firm grown and a we have reacthe the years of discression
	layer_6: our feet not relly begin to touch the firm groun unti we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_8: our feet not really begin to toush the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_10: our feet not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_12: our feet not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion

file: 116-288047-0013.flac
expected: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_2: since was not borne til man han whac churd
	layer_4: sience was not borntil man had machurd
	layer_6: science was not born til man had maturd
	layer_8: science was not born ntill men had matured
	layer_10: science was not born ntil man had matured
	layer_12: science was not born ntil man had matured

file: 116-288047-0014.flac
expected: grown up people create science
	layer_2: gon atp peple crehi sincs
	layer_4: gronat people crea sincs
	layer_6: grown ut people cret science
	layer_8: gronup people created science
	layer_10: grown up people create science
	layer_12: grown up people create science

file: 116-288047-0015.flac
expected: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and faiths of mankind
	layer_2: the creatle is the wom ofh all ther faris and face on ain kim
	layer_4: the creadl is the woom wof al ther fairies and face an ankime
	layer_6: the cratl is the woumb of al the fairies and face a mankime
	layer_8: the cradle is the woomb of all the fairies and face a mankind
	layer_10: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face ad mankind
	layer_12: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies ind face ad mankind

file: 116-288047-0016.flac
expected: the school is the birthplace of science
	layer_2: the schowas the bertlac hes since
	layer_4: the schoo as the burth flacehes signce
	layer_6: the school as the birth placees science
	layer_8: the school was the birthplace's science
	layer_10: thes school wis the birth plac's science
	layer_12: the school wias the birth places science

file: 116-288047-0017.flac
expected: religion is the science of the child
	layer_2: religin of the siedstof the chiled
	layer_4: religin of the siense of the child
	layer_6: religion is the sience of the child
	layer_8: religion is the science of the child
	layer_10: religion is the science of the child
	layer_12: religion is the science of the child

file: 116-288047-0018.flac
expected: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_2: ind thet iscuessiof this subject i apeil tothema chure noto the child mind
	layer_4: in the discus of his sebject i apel to the machure not to the child mind
	layer_6: in the discussion of his subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_8: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_10: in the discussion of this subject i appeald to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_12: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind

file: 116-288047-0019.flac
expected: he is god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_2: he his gos mogf piese and to on ma disagrewith him
	layer_4: he has gods mauth pece and kno one may disagre with him
	layer_6: he has gods mouth pece and kno one may disagrey with him
	layer_8: he has god's mouth peace and no one may disagre with him
	layer_10: he has god's mouth peace and no one may disagree with him
	layer_12: he has god's mouth peace and no one may disagree with him

file: 116-288047-0020.flac
expected: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_2: the oly way i ma omanurespect is we rusonable
	layer_4: the nlyway i ma ctoman ourespect is t we resonable
	layer_6: the only way i mak omman your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_8: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_10: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_12: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable

file: 116-288047-0021.flac
expected: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_2: whet us place or sellves andtrlyng the hands of the ovidence
	layer_4: let us place or silves and tarli the hands of the evidence
	layer_6: let us place or silves en tirlig the hands of the evidence
	layer_8: let us place our selvs entirelying the hands of the evidence
	layer_10: let us place our selves entirely n the hands of the evidence
	layer_12: let us place our selves entirely in the hands of the evidence

file: 116-288047-0022.flac
expected: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affection the devotion and the labor of humanity is a myth or a reality
	layer_2: as intelgit benes woid isarg nowware this geseus hise wortiu was not ony costin the woreofp milians of the pepls mony bo hich is auso drind to his cervous the time the enrges th affections lhe ovotions and the labrcumanty is a minth or re lity
	layer_4: as entelligent beans whitd isarcge no wheare this gesos hise worshu as not only costing the worp milians of the peoples money but hich his also drawind to his servise the time the negies the affections lhet votions and the laboricumanty is a minth or reality
	layer_6: has intelligent beins whuld isari gt know where this jesus whose worsh is not only costing the world milions of the people's money but wich his also drawin to his service the time the inergies the affections the devotions and the labrichumanity is a minth or reality
	layer_8: as intelligent beings would desire to know where this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money bu which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labory humanity is a mynth or reality
	layer_10: as intelligent beings woeld desire to know where this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money butwhich is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labour humanity is a mynth or reality
	layer_12: as intelligent beings woe desire to know where this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labourer humanity is a mynth or reality

file: 8288-274150-0000.flac
expected: and again when the artist following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint aignan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quiet meditation they enjoyed together
	layer_2: and aginwinlhy artes following maliqoarnsedvice wist little late in ariving and when saint agnen had een ablides to be abson for sonetime it was antresting to observto togh noon witnes them those momits to sou ancs ful of dee pexpresion which yu nihtid in one si to sols mos ti spose to understandithut and who byt no means a jecte to the quiht matatationly an joyd dogete
	layer_4: and again wenty artis following maliqorncsedvize was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had be ablodge to be absen for sometime it was enteresting to observton toh knoone witness them those moments a silence full of deep expression which you nighted in one si to souls most dispose to understandachudrand who by no means objected to the quite metittationly injoyd togeter
	layer_6: and again when the artest following malicorns advice was a littlelate in arriving and when saint agnan had been oblodge to be absent for some time it was interesting to observeto though noone witnessd them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two soul's most dispose to understand achoterand who by no means objected to the quite meditationly enjoyed to gett
	layer_8: and again when the artists following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnon had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe hthough no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed to gether
	layer_10: and again when the artist's following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe that though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_12: and again when the artists following malicorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe that though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together

file: 8288-274150-0001.flac
expected: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plenty and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_2: ind at woreard maliqorn foll os for that he ws loh henat no hed lerned haut win spire the kng with ant apitiht in tha mitst of ply and with tdesire and the assurans uposestion
	layer_4: in i word maliqorn fallosofor that he was nowh he knew it not head learned how to enspire the king with an appitiht in the mitst of ply and with desire and the aseurence u possession
	layer_6: in a word malicorn phollosopher that he was nhogh he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance o possession
	layer_8: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was tnhough he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of pla and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_10: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of pla and with desire an the assurance of possession
	layer_12: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plai and with desire in the assurance of possession

file: 8288-274150-0002.flac
expected: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptics
	layer_2: ind this maner that therefore withoutleaving her roo and having now conf enand she wat ablet return who her apartmend thus removing by her apancs allowtl tarty perhaps the suspitions of the mos dotermen skepti
	layer_4: in this manner that therefore without leaving her room and having no comnpfedont she was able to returnt who her apartment thus removing by her apparence alottle tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determan skeptic
	layer_6: in this manner at therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to returnt who her apartment thus removing by her apparentse a lotle tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determan skeptic
	layer_8: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determine skeptic
	layer_10: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return  to her apartment thus removing by her apparences a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_12: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return  to her apartment thus removing by her apparencs a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic

file: 8288-274150-0003.flac
expected: but the door remained closed and neither saint aignan nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_2: buthe door reman clos adnetheir sat agon now th pain her peared norted the haigns hy gem
	layer_4: but the dor reman close and neither sat agnon nor the pain her peared nor ded the hains e gon me
	layer_6: but the door remain cloes and neither sait agnin nor the pain her peared nor did the hans even mov
	layer_8: but the door remain closed and neither saint agnon nor the painher appeared nor did the hans even move
	layer_10: but the door remain closed and neither saint agnan nor the painter appeared nor did the haings even move
	layer_12: but the door remaine closed and neither saint agnen nor the painter appeared nor did the haings even move

file: 8288-274150-0004.flac
expected: go then dearest love said the king but return quickly
	layer_2: goethan daris love said the ki the to y turn quickly
	layer_4: guo then dearus love said the king thet to return quickly
	layer_6: gothen dares love said the king that to return quickly
	layer_8: gothen dearest love said the king that to return quickly
	layer_10: gothen dearest love said the king that t return quickly
	layer_12: go then dearest love said the king that t return quickly

file: 8288-274150-0005.flac
expected: no no not to day sire
	layer_2: no no not to dsi
	layer_4: no no not to ta si
	layer_6: no no not to ta si
	layer_8: no no not to ta sign
	layer_10: no no not to take  sign
	layer_12: no no not to take sign

file: 8288-274150-0006.flac
expected: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_2: i nu but two well  you had not sas to love ne
	layer_4: i knu but too well tht you had not sase tolove me
	layer_6: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_8: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_10: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_12: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me

file: 8288-274150-0007.flac
expected: la valliere with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_2: the voalury with a jestour partly of extreng thar and partly as if invoking hablessing attempte do spek bo connot ar ticulat mone word
	layer_4: the valry with te jestur partly of extreendtrr and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak bot cannot articulat one word
	layer_6: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if in voking oblessing attempted to speak but cunnut articulate one word
	layer_8: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but coulnot articulate one word
	layer_10: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_12: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word

file: 8288-274150-0008.flac
expected: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_2: at the momnt however  when the keeng thrgw himself on his nes a a cri of utter dispaire rangs wuh the courder accomity by the sound of retreeting foitstips
	layer_4: at the moment however when the king throew himself on his nees a a cry of utter dispare ranks rough the codor accomtyed by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_6: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despaire rank hrough the cuoritor accomvaied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_8: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_10: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_12: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps

file: 8288-274162-0000.flac
expected: the captain sitting buried in his leathern armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his mustache
	layer_2: the captin siting barde in is lither arm chare his spers fixt in the flor his sord bus twein his legs was reting annumber of letters as he twicses mustash
	layer_4: the captain sitting baried in his lether arm chaire his spers fixed in the floor his sord bus tween his legs was reating a number of letters as he twistis mustash
	layer_6: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword bestween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistas mustash
	layer_8: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisst is mustache
	layer_10: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistd his moustache
	layer_12: the captain sitting buried in his leather armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist his moustache

file: 8288-274162-0001.flac
expected: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_2: dar tanion uttered a welok om full of pleasur when he preceive is frian sine
	layer_4: dartagnion utdered a welcom full of pleasure when he preceived his friand sun
	layer_6: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he prceived his friend' sun
	layer_8: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived is friend's son
	layer_10: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_12: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son

file: 8288-274162-0002.flac
expected: raoul my boy he said by what lucky accident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_2: ol my boy he sain by what t o locky anstintesit happen tha the king has er calju
	layer_4: il my bory he sai by what o luckye ensedintoas it happen hat the king has r call jou
	layer_6: r l my boy he said by what to lucky ensident as it happen that the king has r calle je
	layer_8: rl my boy he said by what lucky incident das it happend that the king has rcalled ew
	layer_10: rowl my boy he said by what a lucky incident dos it happen that the king has recalled yew
	layer_12: rowl my boy he said by what a lucky incident does it happen that the king has recalled yow

file: 8288-274162-0003.flac
expected: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_2: these worge di not sounda greeably in the young mansiears who es he seed imself forplime a pon ny wor i con hot deduve all that thi knolis i have comeback omn
	layer_4: these words dod not sound a greeably in the young mansiears who  as he sedo himself freplime upon my wer thi cannot dellue all thathi knos i have come back oum
	layer_6: these words di not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seeted himself reply upon my word i cannot dell you all that i know is i have come back m
	layer_8: these words di not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replyid upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hom
	layer_10: these words do not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replyieng upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back om
	layer_12: these words do not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replyeng upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back om

file: 8288-274162-0004.flac
expected: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_2: that the kin has not le cald du and you heaee tond
	layer_4: that the king has not re called you and you heaevre turned
	layer_6: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_8: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_10: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_12: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned

file: 8288-274162-0005.flac
expected: i do not understand that at all
	layer_2: i do no undte sten het ther t
	layer_4: i do no undthe sten that that tol
	layer_6: i do not understand that tat all
	layer_8: i do not understand that at all
	layer_10: i do not understand that at all
	layer_12: i do not understand that at all

file: 8288-274162-0006.flac
expected: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_2: ro was auriaty pail an oug and he now be gan to turnhss hatk round rd n round in his hand
	layer_4: grole was olredy pail anugh and he now began to turn his hat round ind round in his hand
	layer_6: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn hiss hat ground and round in his hand
	layer_8: grawel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_10: graouel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_12: graouel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand

file: 8288-274162-0007.flac
expected: what the deuce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_2: at they dos is the mater at you look ansyou do and won't make you so don
	layer_4: hat they doe is the matter that you look anse you do and want make you so dome
	layer_6: what they doe is the matter that you look as you do and want makes you so domb
	layer_8: what they do ce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_10: what they do ce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_12: what they do c is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb

file: 8288-274162-0008.flac
expected: said the captain do people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england
	layer_2: said the cafton to pep l nowdays the soo met sort of eairs in inglant
	layer_4: said the caftain to peop l nowadays he soum met sort ofe eairs an englant
	layer_6: said the captain to people nowadays as sum met sort of airs in england
	layer_8: said the captain to people nowadays assume hat sort of eirs in england
	layer_10: said the captain to people nowadays assume that sort of eirs in england
	layer_12: said the captain to people nowadays assume that sort of eirs in england

file: 8288-274162-0009.flac
expected: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_2: i hav been in englendt and came her again as livbeliis a chaffeence
	layer_4: i have been in englant and came her again has lively as a chaferenceh
	layer_6: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafferince
	layer_8: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafferinch
	layer_10: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrynch
	layer_12: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrynch

file: 8288-274162-0010.flac
expected: will you not say something
	layer_2: we youl nat sa sumeting
	layer_4: will ou not say someting
	layer_6: will you not say something
	layer_8: will you not say something
	layer_10: will you not say something
	layer_12: will you not say something

file: 8288-274162-0011.flac
expected: i have too much to say
	layer_2: i had te much to say
	layer_4: i had to much to sayng
	layer_6: i hae to much to saying
	layer_8: i havd too much to saying
	layer_10: i have too much to sayng
	layer_12: i hade too much to sayng

file: 8288-274162-0012.flac
expected: ah how is your father
	layer_2: a howse you foter
	layer_4: a hows your fother
	layer_6: ah hows your father
	layer_8: ah how is your father
	layer_10: ah how is your father
	layer_12: ah how is your father

file: 8288-274162-0013.flac
expected: forgive me my dear friend i was going to ask you that
	layer_2: forgive me my deir frimedot i was gooin to iscusat
	layer_4: forgive me my the ar frimd it i was going to i scuwsat
	layer_6: forgive me my deafrimed it i was going to ascuse at
	layer_8: forgive me my dear frimedit i was going to axkuse at
	layer_10: forgive me my dear friendi i was going to acusat
	layer_12: forgive me my dear friendi i was going to askusat

file: 8288-274162-0014.flac
expected: d'artagnan increased the sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_2: teur taon an creased to sharpness of his pinatratin gays wach no secreit was capaeblhresisting
	layer_4: dar tayan acreased hi sharpness of his pinatrat engazs wach no secrte was capable resisting
	layer_6: d'artaan increased his sharpness of his pinetrating gaze which no secret was capable ofthresisting
	layer_8: d'artalan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_10: d'artaglan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_12: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting

file: 8288-274162-0015.flac
expected: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_2: you' on hapepe about sumting he said
	layer_4: you on happy about someting he said
	layer_6: you arn happy about something he said
	layer_8: you arnhappy about something he said
	layer_10: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_12: you are unhappy about something he said

file: 8288-274162-0016.flac
expected: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_2: i a andeed and you now the reason vou rel m sho do tenon
	layer_4: i amandeed and you know the reason valr reill mishor o tanion
	layer_6: i am indeed and you know the reason vary rel monsiort artagnan
	layer_8: i am indeed and you know the reason vry real monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_10: i am indeed and you know the reason very rell monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_12: i am indeed and you know the reason very rell monsieur d'artagnan

file: 8288-274162-0017.flac
expected: nay do not pretend to be astonished
	layer_2: na do notpretento bii ston
	layer_4: na dod not pretento tiastime
	layer_6: na do not pretentothe as stomis
	layer_8: ne do not pretend to feastamis
	layer_10: nae do not pretend to be astamis
	layer_12: nay do not pretend to ve astamis

file: 8288-274162-0018.flac
expected: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_2: i hae not pordin ing to beeston hi smy frimed
	layer_4: i havm not predining to be ust on esmy find
	layer_6: i ame not predending to be asthonish my friand
	layer_8: i am not predending to be astonished my friend
	layer_10: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_12: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend

file: 8288-274162-0019.flac
expected: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh oh
	layer_2: i have mether head kno arm h do not ty spis but holtme into word s ind the mosretched o living beings oa
	layer_4: i have mnether head nor arm  do not despise but heltme into weords i n the mostoretched of living beings o a
	layer_6: i have neitheir head nor arm do not despise but help me intwo words i and nhe mostwretchid of living beings oo
	layer_8: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but tohelp me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh o
	layer_10: i have neither head nor armdo not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh o
	layer_12: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh

file: 8288-274162-0020.flac
expected: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_2: she is deseeiving said der taniin tot amos al of whose face had moovd lose ar bigors who make us of them
	layer_4: she is deceeving you said diartanion dot amussal of whose face had moved lose are pigords who makes use of them
	layer_6: she is deceeving you said d'artagnan dot a mussle of whose face had moved those ar pig words whom makes use of them
	layer_8: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_10: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a mussle of whose face head moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_12: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face head moved those are big words who makes use of them

file: 8288-274162-0021.flac
expected: every one ah
	layer_2: evryon af
	layer_4: eve ry on a
	layer_6: everyone ah
	layer_8: everyone ah
	layer_10: every one ah
	layer_12: everyone ah

file: 8288-274162-0022.flac
expected: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_2: af everyoncsaisol their must be some touthinit
	layer_4: if every one sa so their must be some truth in it
	layer_6: if everyone sas so there must be some truth in it
	layer_8: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_10: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_12: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it

file: 8288-274162-0023.flac
expected: not for a friend for a son
	layer_2: nut for of frend for a son
	layer_4: not for a friend for a san
	layer_6: not for a friend for a sun
	layer_8: not for a friend for a son
	layer_10: not for a friend for a son
	layer_12: not for a friend for a son

file: 8288-274162-0024.flac
expected: the deuce take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_2: a dose tacket ou are rally  from cuiasty
	layer_4: adoce tack et you are really l from curasty
	layer_6: i doce takeit you are really il from curaste
	layer_8: a doce take it you are really el from curiosty
	layer_10: i do take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_12: i do take it you are really ill from curiosity

file: 8288-274162-0025.flac
expected: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_2: not is not from curioste is his from lovfe
	layer_4: no t is not from curiosty is is from love
	layer_6: no it ois not from curiosty is is from love
	layer_8: no it is not from curiosity itis from love
	layer_10: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_12: no it is not from curiosity it is from love

file: 8288-274162-0026.flac
expected: good another big word
	layer_2: cot another bige ward
	layer_4: cot another big ward
	layer_6: ct another big word
	layer_8: cut another big word
	layer_10: cot another big ward
	layer_12: cut another big ward

file: 8288-274162-0027.flac
expected: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_2: id tel you i love lueas to thistraction
	layer_4: i tel you i lovelouias to thestraction
	layer_6: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_8: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_10: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_12: i tell you i love louis to distraction

file: 8288-274162-0028.flac
expected: well suppose it were only that
	layer_2: welse positwere only that
	layer_4: wel su pose it were only that
	layer_6: well uposit were only that
	layer_8: well suppose it were only that
	layer_10: well suppose it were only that
	layer_12: well suppose it were only that

file: 8288-274162-0029.flac
expected: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_2: nosncel man ever succeetet ed making much ovf a brain whin the head whis turnd
	layer_4: no senceibal man ever succeeteded making much hav a brain when the head was turnd
	layer_6: no sinsible man ever succeeded in making much have a brain when the head was turned
	layer_8: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_10: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_12: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned

file: 8288-274162-0030.flac
expected: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_2: i have complely lostd my sences in the same why ar huntered dimes ond my life
	layer_4: i have complely lost my sences in the same we a hundered dimes in my life
	layer_6: i have compleely lost my senses an the same wy are huntred times in my life
	layer_8: i have completely lost my senses in the same way ae hundred times in my life
	layer_10: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_12: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life

file: 8288-274162-0031.flac
expected: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_2: you wal her put you would not under stend me yo would un her sthand but yo ald nottle ba me
	layer_4: you woull here but you would not understand me you would unher stand but you would notil bay me
	layer_6: you would her but you would not understand me you whald understand but you would not llbey me
	layer_8: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_10: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_12: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me

file: 8288-274162-0032.flac
expected: oh try try
	layer_2: o tri triy
	layer_4: o try tri
	layer_6: o try tri
	layer_8: oh tri tri
	layer_10: o trye trie
	layer_12: oh trie trie

file: 8288-274162-0033.flac
expected: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_2: i go fare eveni fi wer un fortn d nough to no sumting and foitionn ough to okolunicatit to youd you are my friand you sayg and tt yes
	layer_4: i go far even ifi were unfortun tf nough to no sumeting and folitionanough to okoamunicate to you you are my friand you say and deet yes
	layer_6: i go far evenif i were unfortun enough to know something and foolish en enough to okommunicated to you you are my friend you say andeed yes
	layer_8: i go far even if i were unfortunetenough to know something and foolishen enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_10: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolishen enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_12: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolishin enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes

file: 8288-274162-0034.flac
expected: very good i should quarrel with you
	layer_2: ther a goody i shoul coua wit you
	layer_4: there a goodyo i should corra with you
	layer_6: there a good n i should quarral with you
	layer_8: theyre are goodi i should quarrel with you
	layer_10: there are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_12: there are good i should quarrel with you

file: 8288-274162-0035.flac
expected: i never complain as you know but as heaven and my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhold i will tell him he lies and and you would kill him
	layer_2: i never complain as you kno but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for bloing out my braim i wil go in git the firs persan i met to givme the in formation which you with hoolt i will tell him he leysan and dou ilo killiam
	layer_4: i never complayin as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for bloawying out my brain i will go ian get the first person i me to givme the infor mation which you with hol old i will tell him he lisan and you will killia
	layer_6: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i me to giveme the information which you with holold i will tell him he lies and and dyou will kilia
	layer_8: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i met to give me the information which you with holold i will tell him he lies and and you okilia
	layer_10: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i meat to give me the information which you with holoold i will tell him he lies and and you okhiliam
	layer_12: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you with holoold i will tell him he lies an and ou ochiliam

file: 8288-274162-0036.flac
expected: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_2: and ha find to fair thatwald ve so muchd te better whatc huld ie hi
	layer_4: and a find a fair that twoud be so much the better what should i chare
	layer_6: and a find afair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_8: and a fined affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_10: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_12: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care

file: 8288-274162-0037.flac
expected: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_2: you nol soomy differentolln and stid if giling you wil git ciled yourself isupposyoume sery fin inded
	layer_4: you know a sooma differenton and stidif killing you ill get kil yourself i suppos you mean sery fin indeed
	layer_6: you now assu me differentone in stid of killing you will get kill yourself i suppose you mean ery fine indeed
	layer_8: you now assume a different tone insted of killing you will git killd yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_10: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_12: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed

file: 8288-274162-0038.flac
expected: how much i should regret you
	layer_2: how muc i siould her gretyou
	layer_4: how much i should her gret you
	layer_6: how much i should her gretu
	layer_8: how much i should hergret you
	layer_10: how much i should hergret you
	layer_12: how much i should hergret you

file: 8288-274162-0039.flac
expected: of course i should go about all day saying ah
	layer_2: of cqoursa shol coo bout all tha sing o
	layer_4: of cuoursei shlol ko about all d sing o
	layer_6: of course i shall ko about all day sying ah
	layer_8: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_10: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_12: of course i shall go about all day saying ah

file: 8288-274162-0040.flac
expected: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was
	layer_2: whut ha finsto pid filowe that bragalownwas
	layer_4: what a fine stopit fillow that braggalone was
	layer_6: what a fine stupit fellow that braggalone was
	layer_8: what a fine stupid fillow that bragalon was
	layer_10: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelogne was
	layer_12: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelogne was

file: 8288-274162-0041.flac
expected: as great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_2: das grat a stupitesy ever matwith
	layer_4: his grat a stup it es i ever met with
	layer_6: an his great a stupit as i ever met with
	layer_8: nd as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_10: and as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_12: and as great as stupid as i ever met with

file: 8288-274162-0042.flac
expected: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_2: go then grow go in git your self tiy spos de  e fuw lak
	layer_4: go then growl go und get yourselfti sposeder ifew like
	layer_6: go then grol go and get yourselftde sposeder i you like
	layer_8: go then raul go and get yourself disposed erf if you like
	layer_10: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_12: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like

file: 8288-274162-0043.flac
expected: i hardly know who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_2: i har lai knw who can have tutc you lodgic but do s tacke me a yu father has not been ragully rabbd of his money
	layer_4: i hard lay knew who culn have taughch you lodgic but doe take me if your father has not been reguly robed of his money
	layer_6: i hardly knew who can have toauch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been reguly robbed of his money
	layer_8: i hardly knew who can have toch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been regulrly robbed of his money
	layer_10: i hardly knew who can have tought you logic but duse take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_12: i hardly knew who can have taught you logic but duse take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money

file: 8288-274162-0044.flac
expected: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_2: rowil brd his facein hiss hands murmoring nofn i haved not ha singl friendin tey world
	layer_4: ro will buryied his face in his hands murmouring no n i haved not te single friend in the world
	layer_6: her i will buried is face in his hands murmuring no  i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_8: where i will burit his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_10: heriwill buried his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_12: wheriwill buried his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world

file: 8288-274162-0045.flac
expected: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you although i am a gascon
	layer_2: i thog fances monsir ido not left yu thoug i am a gustcon
	layer_4: i thol fances onteeur i do not laugh at you though i ama gus gone
	layer_6: i dee fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you dhough i em a gaskone
	layer_8: ido fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_10: idl fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_12: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon

file: 8288-274162-0046.flac
expected: a carpenter what do you mean
	layer_2: a civepe thor what to ou me
	layer_4: a civepid ther what o you me
	layer_6: a criritter what do you mean
	layer_8: a cipid ther what do you mean
	layer_10: a cipridther what do you mean
	layer_12: a cipridthirt what do you mean

file: 8288-274162-0047.flac
expected: upon my word i don't know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain flooring
	layer_2: a pn i werti dod not no someon told me there was ha carpen ther who madeen opening throgha certainflor
	layer_4: apon my werd thi do notikno some one told me there was e carpened ther whom made en opening through a certain floor
	layer_6: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpent there whom made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_8: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenthee woommade an opening through a certain floor
	layer_10: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpenther room made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_12: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpenther room made an opening through a certain floor

file: 8288-274162-0048.flac
expected: oh i don't know where
	layer_2: o' miy do't knowre
	layer_4: my don't knowere
	layer_6: y don't knowwhere
	layer_8: wi don't know where
	layer_10: i don't know where
	layer_12: i don't know where

file: 8288-274162-0049.flac
expected: in whose room then
	layer_2: and hos hereo them
	layer_4: an whose hrom them
	layer_6: and whose room them
	layer_8: and whose room then
	layer_10: and whos room then
	layer_12: and whos room then

file: 8288-274162-0050.flac
expected: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_2: i have togyou for the lest hour that i know nothing of the holepher
	layer_4: i have tod you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the holl i her
	layer_6: i have told you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the whole affair
	layer_8: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affaire
	layer_10: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_12: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair

file: 8288-274162-0051.flac
expected: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_2: but tepantes hen the portert
	layer_4: but the panter then the portrt
	layer_6: but the painter then the portrt
	layer_8: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_10: but the painter then dhe portrait
	layer_12: but the painter then de portrait

file: 8288-274162-0052.flac
expected: why you seem to have only that name in your mouth
	layer_2: wh you syo to heme only that nam anyo mouh
	layer_4: whye you su to hem only that name an your mouth
	layer_6: whe you su o ham only that name in your mouth
	layer_8: whe you se to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_10: why you se to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_12: whe you sa to him only that name in your mouth

file: 8288-274162-0053.flac
expected: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_2: i dod not s upposeitur con srn
	layer_4: i do not suppose it will conconu
	layer_6: i do not suppose it will consonyou
	layer_8: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_10: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_12: i do not suppose it will concern you

file: 8288-274162-0054.flac
expected: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_2: as sourr iht andhy madee steper two as af o wr going to le wharei you gying
	layer_4: is your right and e made a stephr to has if yoeu wregoing to lea wherei you going
	layer_6: yes youre a right and he made a stepor to as if he were going to lat whee are you going
	layer_8: yes you'area right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going
	layer_10: yes you 'are al right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lea where are you going
	layer_12: yes you 're al right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leap where are you going

file: 8288-274162-0055.flac
expected: to look for some one who will tell me the truth
	layer_2: tolook or seman who tha ten ming te truete
	layer_4: to look or semon who a tend meng the truve
	layer_6: to look for sommone who will ten me te truf
	layer_8: to look for someone who will telnd me the truth
	layer_10: to look for someone who will tell me the truth
	layer_12: to look for someone who will tell me the truth

file: 8288-274162-0056.flac
expected: who is that a woman
	layer_2: who was that it womnan
	layer_4: who was that it womnan
	layer_6: who was that a woman
	layer_8: who was that a woman
	layer_10: who was that a woman
	layer_12: who was that a woman

file: 8288-274162-0057.flac
expected: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_2: you wish to be consold by someoan and you wil be so t wons she will dot younothing ilif her self of cource so be off
	layer_4: you wish to be con sold by sume one and you will be so at wance she will ded you nothing ilife herself of course so be off
	layer_6: you wish to be consold by someone and you will be so at once she will del you nothing ell of herself of course so be off
	layer_8: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing illof herself of course so be off
	layer_10: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_12: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off

file: 8288-274162-0058.flac
expected: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_2: you are mistack in monser repliedro thoug oman i men wll tell me all the ever she possiblykain
	layer_4: you are mistakin montse replied ro though omand i mean will telli me all the evir she possibly cain
	layer_6: you are mistaken monser replied rou thohoman i mean will tell  me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_8: you are mistaken monseur replied rau the omand i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_10: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_12: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can

file: 8288-274162-0059.flac
expected: well i admit it
	layer_2: well i e mitet
	layer_4: well i admit it
	layer_6: well i admit it
	layer_8: well i admit it
	layer_10: well i admit it
	layer_12: well i admit it

file: 8288-274162-0060.flac
expected: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with a poor mouse
	layer_2: and in point t o fack t wi should i play with you as a catnes wih the poor nus
	layer_4: and in point a fact whi should i play with you as a catnes with the por maouh
	layer_6: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a capnos with the poor meolth
	layer_8: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnos with the poor mouth
	layer_10: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with the por mouth
	layer_12: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with the poor mouthe

file: 8288-274162-0061.flac
expected: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_2: yoi tistresm you do inteet
	layer_4: you destresme you do in deet
	layer_6: you dustrest me you do indeed
	layer_8: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_10: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_12: you distress me you do indeed

file: 8288-274162-0062.flac
expected: wait if you can
	layer_2: wayti you cin
	layer_4: way ti you cain
	layer_6: way t if you can
	layer_8: wait if you can
	layer_10: wait if you can
	layer_12: wait if you can

file: 8288-274162-0063.flac
expected: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_2: i coald dnot so much te wrs
	layer_4: i could not soe much te wors
	layer_6: i could not so much the worse
	layer_8: i could not so much the worse
	layer_10: i could not so much th worse
	layer_12: i could not so much thee worse

file: 8288-274162-0064.flac
expected: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_2: a said rol sneching egaly at the pin which te kept an held outohm
	layer_4: as said ro al snatching egly at the pen which the keptain held out tohim
	layer_6: a said roal snatching eagerly at the pin which the keptain held out to him
	layer_8: ah said raoall snatching eagerly at the pi which the captain held out to him
	layer_10: ah said rol snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_12: ah said roll snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him

file: 8288-274162-0065.flac
expected: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_2: how theryforthin at tates  he was looking tfr you too
	layer_4: how tvery fortunat that is he was looking for you to
	layer_6: how very fortunate hat is he was looking for you too
	layer_8: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_10: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_12: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too

file: 8288-274162-0066.flac
expected: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_2: she said the samed tln of voice it is not i who him goin to spek to yi hoden
	layer_4: she said nthe samed ton of voice it is not ey who im going to speak to him ho den
	layer_6: she said inthe same tone af voice it is not i who am going to speak to him ho then
	layer_8: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_10: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_12: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then

file: 6455-67804-0000.flac
expected: i accompany my granddaughter to this this entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_2: i comeney my grengouter to this busnt tameent heliti shat presmonded
	layer_4: i ad comeny my gran daghtter to thes bus't tament her lity shit pre smondid
	layer_6: i ad company my grandaughtter to the sbusnptaiment her loy shoip prsponded
	layer_8: i accompanyd my granddaughter to thisbisntertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_10: i accompaned my granddaughter to this bisintertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_12: i accompanyed my granddaughter to this bis intertainment her ladyship responded

file: 6455-67804-0001.flac
expected: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind
	layer_2: it istcrcly ageoy ocasen to my mind
	layer_4: it discarcely adeoy occasion to mymind
	layer_6: it is scarcely ajoyce ocasion to my mind
	layer_8: it is scarcely a joyce occasion to my mind
	layer_10: it is scarcely a joyce occasion to my mind
	layer_12: it is scarcely a joyce occasion to my mind

file: 6455-67804-0002.flac
expected: no need to dress yourself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binnie
	layer_2: nonly the rus es ol wi by afit isnt ajactulad i misterpeny
	layer_4: no nly the dresst er solt ane that if it isnt a jacolad in mister beny
	layer_6: no nye the dresst her soalt wate that if it isn't ajacullated mister biny
	layer_8: no ne ther dresse er selt like that if it isn't ajaculated mister bunny
	layer_10: no ne ther dresse herself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binny
	layer_12: no ne ther dress herself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binny

file: 6455-67804-0003.flac
expected: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself
	layer_2: if ou rshured this was a sai man i go mysel
	layer_4: if ou ere sure this was hit sae man i go myselft
	layer_6: if iur sure this was tho say a man i go myself
	layer_8: if i were sure this was tho say a man i'd go myself
	layer_10: if i were sure this was to say man i'd go myself
	layer_12: if i were sure this was to say man i'd go myself

file: 6455-67804-0004.flac
expected: when i find a fellow who's neither knave nor fool i stick to him believe i'll send to find out
	layer_2: whe ive itifellowf his neger nave north foou ie sic him blie veltai the finda
	layer_4: when i e igta fellowf his niger nave north foll i sikto him beleveelseod the finda
	layer_6: when i've i a fellow his neigger nave north full i sixa him believe elsaid the find a
	layer_8: when i've id a fellow his nigger naved north full i sixk o him blieve el said te find out
	layer_10: when i ite a fellow whis niger knaved north fol i stick  him believe ell caid te fhind out
	layer_12: when i ite a fellow whis nigger naved north fol i stick o him believe ell caid de find out

file: 6455-67804-0005.flac
expected: the only time he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had copied from octavia's nice gown that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_2: the olin hie himen elyncome u poner wis the firse irmes lo herind the dru she a coppih mok tiptius nei scamd that h urdad out din guldb a here alwager
	layer_4: the oing higme hem in elyn comin uponour was the first irmeuslo her n the dres she a commif maktaptius ni scan that en lorded out didnt old ahre alwager
	layer_6: the onlin hihee ha min elyn commn upon her was the first tie misaw her in the dresst she had commy frmackdtipias nit scand that hen tlurded out didn' got tot heare all wager
	layer_8: the only hyhe had man eli commen upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she a compmy fom mocctyvias ni scand that he tlurted out didn't get ti her all wager
	layer_10: the only hie he had made elin commen upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had copied fom octatias nie scaned that he bleurted out didn't get it here all wager
	layer_12: the only hine he had made elin comen upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had compied fom octatias nice scanned that he blurted out didn't get it here all wager

file: 6455-67804-0006.flac
expected: doesn't look like it he said gruffly
	layer_2: hes n look likeet is ad grafuly
	layer_4: thes in look like et is aird grafhflly
	layer_6: this o' look like it isaid grafhly
	layer_8: thoeson't look like it he said grafully
	layer_10: doesn't look like it he said grafully
	layer_12: doesn't look like it he said grafully

file: 6455-67804-0007.flac
expected: no she answered i am not afraid at all
	layer_2: no she interd i a mota foritital
	layer_4: no he inswered im mo a fritidale
	layer_6: no he answered im moa fretidale
	layer_8: no she answered iam not afrididal
	layer_10: no he answered i 'm not afrad at all
	layer_12: no he answered i'm not affrad at all

file: 6455-67804-0008.flac
expected: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_2: i salld not be afradt ogid
	layer_4: i shaoll not be a frai againd
	layer_6: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_8: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_10: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_12: i shall not be afraid again

file: 6455-67804-0009.flac
expected: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanor
	layer_2: and tat she ap erfecalytoinfounded her laty should by her do mener
	layer_4: and fhat she a pherfectly confounded her lady should by her eminer
	layer_6: in fact she aperfectly confounded her lady should by her demuanor
	layer_8: in fact she ad perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_10: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_12: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour

file: 6455-67804-0010.flac
expected: i beg you will not speak to me of that again she said i will not listen
	layer_2: i be youo not spe to me af tharayead she sen i wel ot lison
	layer_4: i be your not sbe to me haf thatae and she saind i will out listen
	layer_6: i be you'll not speak to me of tharad and she saind i will out listen
	layer_8: i beg you ll not speak to me of tarodn she said i will ot listen
	layer_10: i beg you will not speak to me of daroden she said i will ot listen
	layer_12: i beg you will not speak to me of tarodien she said i will ot listen

file: 6455-67804-0011.flac
expected: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_2: an turning about she walck aut of the rm
	layer_4: an turning about she walked out of the rm
	layer_6: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_8: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_10: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_12: and turning about she walked out of the room

file: 6455-67804-0012.flac
expected: and nothing more had been said on the subject since
	layer_2: and nothime ore hirbed sd untujrecents
	layer_4: and nothime more habedsid unfebjeccencse
	layer_6: and nothing more hais it unsepject sense
	layer_8: and nothing more habis it on  subject sense
	layer_10: and nothing more habitsid on the subject sense
	layer_12: and nothing more habitsid on the subject sense

file: 6455-67804-0013.flac
expected: before breakfast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which ran as follows
	layer_2: befor bracmith missplin te wastaral by ther ivil o wanoter teligar which raine ais follaws
	layer_4: before bractrith misplin the was stirtl by the rival of unother tellegar which rain tas follows
	layer_6: before brackwith miss bul indo was stirtle by the aival of another telegare which raignd as follows
	layer_8: before breakfift miss bellenda was startled by the arrival of another telegra which rained as follows
	layer_10: before breakfist miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which raigned as follows
	layer_12: before breakfist miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which rained as follows

file: 6455-67804-0014.flac
expected: arrived to day per russia be with you tomorrow evening
	layer_2: ar rive to theyy perresso beuut hete a milw edniyng
	layer_4: a rive to thay peressio be with et a milwe eening
	layer_6: arrive to day peressian beauwth ed e mile evening
	layer_8: arrive to day peressia beauth ea ta mile evening
	layer_10: arrived to day peressa beauthya a mileo evening
	layer_12: arrived to day peressia beauthy ta mileo evening

file: 6455-67804-0015.flac
expected: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_2: frand with m maraintasod
	layer_4: friand with me marton bhase
	layer_6: friend with me martin bassi
	layer_8: friend with me martin basse
	layer_10: friend with me martin basit
	layer_12: friend with me martin basit

file: 6455-67804-0016.flac
expected: well remarked octavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_2: whel t wremuct u ave ia i suppose thout woud havpmein e vange
	layer_4: well at remonxtul tiveia i supposed that oud have benein te vanage
	layer_6: well it remoxtultavia i supposed that would have been in e vanage
	layer_8: well it remokd ratavia i suppose that would have been n avantage
	layer_10: well at remarked cotavia i suppose that would have been in advantage
	layer_12: well at remarked cotavia i suppose that would have been in advantage

file: 6455-67804-0017.flac
expected: octavia was a marked figure upon the grounds at that garden party another dress my dear remarked missus burnham
	layer_2: at tavial was a markpy fickur pon the grow of ick gart inpity nother jess migdear remark wister barnom
	layer_4: oatavia was a margd fiureupon the growth of lite gard ompirty nother jes mydear re mark mis ter brdim
	layer_6: oucktavia was a marked figur upon the grouth of that gardemparty nother jesst my dear remarkedmister brtham
	layer_8: octavia was a marked figure upon the grouth of that garden party another just my dear remarked mister brdham
	layer_10: octavia was a marked figure upon the grount of that garden party nother jest my dear remarked mister brnham
	layer_12: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party nother jest my dear remarked mister brynham

file: 6455-67804-0018.flac
expected: and what a charming color she has i declare she is usually paler
	layer_2: ndwould a charming color she haineclear sesusualy piller
	layer_4: andwhat a charming color she hasit a clear ses usually palour
	layer_6: an what a charming color she hasit a clear seese usually pal er
	layer_8: and what a charming colour she has 't at clear sees usually palel her
	layer_10: and what a charming colour she hasn't a clear shees usually paleer
	layer_12: and what a charming colour she hasn't a clear she's usually paleer

file: 6455-67804-0019.flac
expected: perhaps we owe this to lord lansdowne
	layer_2: perhapsd be othi tlor lyantso
	layer_4: peraps be othis tlornd lansone
	layer_6: perhaps be others to lore lansown
	layer_8: perhaps be others to lord landsone
	layer_10: perhaps be others to lord landsowne
	layer_12: perhaps be others to lord landsone

file: 6455-67804-0020.flac
expected: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself
	layer_2: shis priteare aver t eay in is an jwangnerself
	layer_4: shis pritiarth everted ay in is en jin erself
	layer_6: she's prettier thn ever today in its enjoyn herself
	layer_8: she's prettier than ever to day in i's enjoying herself
	layer_10: she's prettier than ever to day and its enjoying herself
	layer_12: she's prettier than ever to day and its enjoying herself

file: 6455-67804-0021.flac
expected: she was enjoying herself mister francis barold observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_2: shem waysen joaing herself misser pran o brl abser thit bather g lumilly at hye sud apart
	layer_4: she wasan joing herself misser prand os buril observe that rather gloumily asthy sod a part
	layer_6: she was enjoying herself misser prane's bill observe that rather gloomily as he soud apart
	layer_8: she was enjoying herself mister francis brl observed that rather gloomily as he sod apart
	layer_10: she was enjoying herself mister francesbrl observed that rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_12: she was enjoying herself mister francesbrl observed that rather gloomily as he stood apart

file: 6455-67804-0022.flac
expected: and then had come lord lansdowne who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_2: and then ha col lord ly ansad ho  an crosst nelonte shac hantef this host haveeed n observ to keep is eifed ixst upor one prticul u point ermistownd he sai aftr havings mook in is firswords who is that tall grolin wit
	layer_4: and then ha come bord lynsed who and crossontelon to shak and with this host havebein abserved to keep his eyfedixt upormn one partic eler point bermistown he sai after havingsmook in his fir t words ho is that tall girl an wighte
	layer_6: and then ha come lordlyansered who and crossin a lon to shake hands with this host have been observed to keep his ey tixed upon one particular point bermistone he said after having smook in his first words ho is that tall girl end wit
	layer_8: and then had come lord laanzod who in crossing alon to shake hands with this host hade been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermastone he said after having spok in his first words who is that tall girlin white
	layer_10: and then had come lord lanzowd who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_12: and then had come lord lanzod who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermastone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white

file: 6455-67804-0023.flac
expected: and in ten minutes lady theobald missus burnham mister barold and divers others too numerous to mention saw him standing at octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_2: in entemminits laty the abled misterberno missterbiarld n he vers others towo neri imengion somest in the otave ioasiht of thant ly with nowintintion o laving it
	layer_4: in enteminuts lady the abled mister brnam misterbarild an the vers others too numres simention somsiny octaviousite of thantly with no intention of leaving ate
	layer_6: an intim minutes lady theald mister burna mister baled than the vers others too numerouse semention saw ms ane actavias side vidantly with no intention of leaving it
	layer_8: an in ten minutes lady theipled mister burnam mister bale tan the vers others too numerous tomention saw is inhe octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_10: and in ten minutes lady theopld mister burnam mister barle and the verse others too numerous to mention saw missin the octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_12: and in ten minutes lady theopled mister burnam mister bale and theverse others too numerous to mention saw missin the octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it

file: 6455-67804-0024.flac
expected: not long after this francis barold found his way to miss belinda who was very busy and rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_2: not long agh te this fraenti s pirlf ounas wate in misbolin do he was very beus te itnn bather nerveis ind the suse evenatly in joyng erself he remark
	layer_4: not long afte this fraencto spirl foun as wat i miss belinto he was very busy it nrhather nervoise yun neses evnat lnd joyng erself he remark
	layer_6: not long after this franctospiril found as wai to miss bolinda he was very busy itndn rather nervoust a nices evinetelonjoying herself he remarked
	layer_8: not long after this fhrancisbiril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy it n rather nervous oar nieces evident lunjoying herself he remarked
	layer_10: not long after this fhranctes beril found his way to miss belenda he was very busy it'n rather nervous aund nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_12: not long after this frantis beril found his way to miss belenda he was very busy iten rather nervous aund nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked

file: 6455-67804-0025.flac
expected: octavia is most happy to day answered miss belinda
	layer_2: aceleliet is most happy to tha an terd misiblander
	layer_4: acsalia is most happy to they anterd misiblinde
	layer_6: oclia is most happy to day entered missu blinda
	layer_8: oalia is most happy to day entered missu blenda
	layer_10: ouavia is most happy to day antwered miss blenda
	layer_12: outavia is most happy to day antwered miss belenda

file: 6455-67804-0026.flac
expected: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself
	layer_2: ver you poe ble und ersan ouc taveviussinmis olande a not shuld i follow aol her mites my self
	layer_4: very if you pe plel undersan octavias imistibllinda i'm not should i follow all her mets myself
	layer_6: veryif you people understain ourctavia sid miss blelinda i'm not should i follow all her mute myself
	layer_8: very few people understand actavia said miss belenda i'm not sued i follow all her motes myself
	layer_10: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure i follow all her mutes myself
	layer_12: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sured i follow all her mutes myself

file: 6455-67804-0027.flac
expected: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_2: she 's n s frivlesce as she  pearse tovout joke now her wa
	layer_4: she is not is frivulesce as she appearcs to thosea dok now her wel
	layer_6: she is not as frivelesse as she appers to thos e jote know her well
	layer_8: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those ho jo'k know her well
	layer_10: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_12: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well

file: 6455-67804-0028.flac
expected: barold stood gnawing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_2: berld sui nong his mus tash un ma no rply he was not bery cometable
	layer_4: berold sud nong has must ash an may now r ply he was not very comtable
	layer_6: berld siknong as must asha mayde no reply he was not very comforable
	layer_8: bereld soknong his mustashand made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_10: berrel sod nong his moustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_12: berrel sod nong his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable

file: 6455-67804-0029.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by fate and rather wished he had returned to london from broadoaks instead of loitering in slowbridge
	layer_2: e or ham sup ill us by tit and mather bish tea ore turred ta l enofrombtoge in s ittal vodaring an slobriage
	layer_4: ef hi him supp ill us by fie and mather blish ter returrn tolen from botdocgs thand sid itae voidering ind sloberage
	layer_6: e fill himself ill use by fant and mather bush the ha rechurne to lend from bottokhs and saie o ba voidering and slowbriage
	layer_8: he fel himself ill used by finte and mater bushed he had returned to lend from bottax in setd of vloidering in slowberidge
	layer_10: he fet himself ill used by fat and mater bushed he had returned to lendn from bothox instead of voitering in slowbridge
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by fan and mather bushed he had returned to lendon from bottox instead of voitering in slowbridge

file: 6455-67804-0030.flac
expected: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_2: het a mesontoffea af first but intime haens upirese thi pyines an mese ment lo something of it eess
	layer_4: h ad ha mesom seff at a first but intime h hadebeensar prise thofin es an musement loe something of ithesesst
	layer_6: he had admes himself ata first but in time h had been surprisd to findeds amusement loe something of itssest
	layer_8: he had amuse himself at first but in time he had been surprised to findits amusement losed something of it zest
	layer_10: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find hits amusement loosed something of its zest
	layer_12: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find hits amusement lose something of its zest

file: 6455-67804-0031.flac
expected: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_2: it  ducely boyt form on his part i the mentoly wat tho thy mang by it
	layer_4: it ducily bau formon his part he the mentily what thoet tne man by it
	layer_6: it's ducily bahd form on his part eat mentally what tdoes he mean by it
	layer_8: it' ducily bad form on his part hesaid mentally what does yhe mean by it
	layer_10: it's deucily bad form on his part he said mentally what does ye mean by it
	layer_12: it's deucily bad form on his part he said mentally what does ye mean by it

file: 6455-67804-0032.flac
expected: octavia on the contrary did not ask what he meant by it
	layer_2: a taveia on the cansuri dind not ath weny mentt
	layer_4: olctaia on the contry od not ash any ment by t
	layer_6: octvia on the contry did not asth many meant by it
	layer_8: octavia on the contrary did not ask when y ment by it
	layer_10: octavia on the contrary did not ask when he meant by it
	layer_12: octavia on the contrary did not ask when he meant by it

file: 6455-67804-0033.flac
expected: where he ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_2: where youj actlatt i say whald an ne
	layer_4: where youjacolat ed i say woalt ed nee
	layer_6: wherare you jacculated i say what a ne
	layer_8: wherere youjaculated i say what a name
	layer_10: where re you ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_12: where are you ejaculated i say what a name

file: 6455-67804-0034.flac
expected: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_2: iad notbserve thit answer hrilaty shoip
	layer_4: i ad not bserved that answer her ladyshiop
	layer_6: i had not observed at answerd her ladyship
	layer_8: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_10: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_12: i had not observed it answered her ladyship

file: 6455-67804-0035.flac
expected: but she glared at barold as he passed and beckoned to him where is lucia she demanded
	layer_2: but she claare ad it thirol tu se pasd n becin so him loy as lusiuthn iminded
	layer_4: but she glar ed t berol he see passed n beckon to him wliy as luciaolshion iminted
	layer_6: but she glared at barol the see passed and beckin to him whay his lucial sihan a manded
	layer_8: but she glared aut barreld asee passed and beckoned to him what is lucieo shen manded
	layer_10: but she glared at barrel das  he passed and beckoned to him what this lucieshen demanded
	layer_12: but she glared at barrel das he passed and beckoned to him what tis luchieshen demanded

file: 6455-67804-0036.flac
expected: i saw her with burmistone half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early she turned quite pale
	layer_2: i for her wath burmistan half nrgow he esred coing have ye any mathighe frmy other i slra trenale an into mare laving her early turn lit pale
	layer_4: i sil her mut burmiston half norrago he answred coling have ye any mathage fro my mother a sal retrnale and into mar laving here early turn cuite pale
	layer_6: i sa her mith burmiston half narrago he answered coling have you any meage for my mother i shall retrn alan into mar leaving here early turne quite pale
	layer_8: i sa her mith brmiston half anhour go he answered coling have you any messhage for my mother i shall return o linin to maro leaving here early turn quite pale
	layer_10: i saw her mith birmerston half an hour ago he answered coling have you any meshage for my mother i shall return to london to mar leaving here early turn quite pale
	layer_12: i saw her mith burmirston half an hour ago he answered colling have you any messhage for my mother i shall return to london to marw leaving here early turn quite pale

file: 6455-67804-0037.flac
expected: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_2: what his happid she askdt rigadly ho lookleghte ys ar prisd nothing what a wer he replied
	layer_4: what is happed she asked ricedly helook slightely s a prised nothing whateeere he replired
	layer_6: what is happed she asked ricadely he lookd slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_8: what is happened she asked richidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_10: what has happened she asked richidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_12: what has happened she asked richidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied

file: 6455-67804-0038.flac
expected: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_2: avfr main her longerifn i antended
	layer_4: iver man her longer th an i intended
	layer_6: ihveremained her longer than i intended
	layer_8: i ve remained here longer than i intended
	layer_10: i hve remained here longer than i intended
	layer_12: i have remained here longer than i intended

file: 6455-67804-0039.flac
expected: she began to move the manacles on her right wrist
	layer_2: she begadend mof th mankl ten o rit wist
	layer_4: she bega o move manicle then or right wist
	layer_6: she began a move manicles tan he right wist
	layer_8: she began to move manicles an her right wist
	layer_10: she began to move manacles on her right wist
	layer_12: she began to move manicles in her right wist

file: 6455-67804-0040.flac
expected: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_2: she hd not rotlisha up andter her own i for lothing
	layer_4: she had not broulitsha up andther her own i fornlothing
	layer_6: she had not broughlisia up under her own eye fro nothing
	layer_8: she had not brout lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_10: she had not brought lycia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_12: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing

file: 6455-67803-0000.flac
expected: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_2: chptar's whene three may i go
	layer_4: chopptars when e three may i go
	layer_6: chapters wente three may i go
	layer_8: chapters when y three may i go
	layer_10: chapters twenty three may i go
	layer_12: chapter twenty three may i go

file: 6455-67803-0001.flac
expected: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_2: the very day afterethis atavye opendthe fortrug
	layer_4: the very day after this altaveya opened eo fort trung
	layer_6: the very day after this atavia opened e forth trunk
	layer_8: the very day after this octavia opened he forth trunk
	layer_10: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_12: the very day after this octavia opened the forth trunk

file: 6455-67803-0002.flac
expected: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugald binnie is at oldclough who is he
	layer_2: anv tha dently some thing atd hapong o tave ius te said mistei doigoled beeny is er old clow who wis see
	layer_4: ad i dently something it happend otaveius he said mister ducold beenny is it old clow who is he
	layer_6: avidently something at happened 'ctavyes she said mister ducld binny is at old clowu who is he
	layer_8: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister duckle binny is tat old clow who is he
	layer_10: evidently something had happened octaveia she said mister duckle binny is that old klow who is he
	layer_12: evidently something had happened octaveia she said mister ducgle binny is that old klow who is he

file: 6455-67803-0003.flac
expected: he is my grand uncle explained lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_2: he has myk gran oncl exlan mushur cham melusslee he hads a grat deal of money
	layer_4: he as my cranuncle exlaine lusiu ch amelissly her hads  gra deal of money
	layer_6: he is my gran uncle exlained lucia chemilesly yhe're has great deal of money
	layer_8: he is my grant uncle exclaimed lucia cemulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_10: he is my grand uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_12: he is my grand uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money

file: 6455-67803-0004.flac
expected: i do not quite understand grandmamma octavia she said
	layer_2: a i nu't ci and her stake re mamot te eia she said
	layer_4: a de not quyt inder stakerema mot tavia she said
	layer_6: i did not quite under stakeri ma marktevia she said
	layer_8: i di not quite understake rimd mamarke tevia she said
	layer_10: i did not quite understake ram mammak tivia she said
	layer_12: i did not quite understake rame mammak tivia she said

file: 6455-67803-0005.flac
expected: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_2: lage nigh kintmy ron the tato me in his mordih kalain an olh
	layer_4: last nich kinto my rom the talkdto me and his morti sh keme a in en ohh
	layer_6: last nigtch kam to my romd the talk to me and this mornish came agin an oh
	layer_8: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morni she came again and oh
	layer_10: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_12: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh

file: 6455-67803-0006.flac
expected: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_2: she brogt our adigninty how couldc he spict me anech umaner
	layer_4: she brougg aur adignatwly how could she spickto me in such amanner
	layer_6: she broge aout indignantly how could she spick t me in such a manner
	layer_8: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_10: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_12: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner

file: 6455-67803-0007.flac
expected: what did you understand
	layer_2: what the yu wend her sad
	layer_4: what thet yuindher saind
	layer_6: what did you  inder sand
	layer_8: what did you undersand
	layer_10: what did you understand
	layer_12: what did you understand

file: 6455-67803-0008.flac
expected: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister binnie may leave me his money
	layer_2: i amgo ren afto a myar ed dis nout teir fro me and make my sef a trapetitvin te ho tha he al cond de sen to maryy coase mister bhany ma wlee me is monin
	layer_4: i am o run after amare heo dis not ter form me and make my self a traped it in the hoptat he wll con do cen to marymy tbcuse mister beany ma ill eave me his money
	layer_6: i am to run after a mare he does not tare for me and make myself attrapptive win the hope that he will condescin to marry me because mister benny may leaf me his money
	layer_8: i am to run after a man who does not tare for me and make myself a traptiv in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_10: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_12: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money

file: 6455-67803-0009.flac
expected: do you wonder that it took even lady theobald a long time to say that
	layer_2: do yo on there t o it toevemady teo along time the say thoat
	layer_4: do you won dher that it took evemady feab o a long time the say that
	layer_6: do you wonder hat it touok even midy tee about a long time to say that
	layer_8: do you wonder tat it took even liddy te about a long time to say that
	layer_10: do you wonder that it took even liddy he about a long time to say that
	layer_12: do you wonder that it took even lidy fhee about a long time to say that

file: 6455-67803-0010.flac
expected: well remarked octavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_2: lel r mardo't tave yeut e vol' do it isupose i woud it mor
	layer_4: lell are manked o't tave yu e bil do it i supose i would t wmory
	layer_6: lell remarcdan taveya yu wilnt do it i suppose i wouldn't warry
	layer_8: well remorked unc tevia you willnt do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_10: well remarked aunc tevia you wiln't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_12: well remarked aunc telvia you willn't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry

file: 6455-67803-0011.flac
expected: oh i always knew it i didn't guess
	layer_2: ol i alays yo i i di enges
	layer_4: alhl i always do ip i did a' ges
	layer_6: alhl i always do i i didno't guess
	layer_8: al i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_10: ah i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_12: ah i always do it i didn't guess

file: 6455-67803-0012.flac
expected: and she smiled ever so faintly
	layer_2: thit su seld every sar ately
	layer_4: at shusmold every sa thahtly
	layer_6: it she smilld every sodately
	layer_8: thant she smiled every so dately
	layer_10: that she smieled every so daintly
	layer_12: that she smiled every so faintly

file: 6455-67803-0013.flac
expected: that is one of the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_2: that s we the rieasen wi she lodes me so she adde
	layer_4: that s wom the reasonds wy she loads me so she adde
	layer_6: that is hom the reasons why she loades me so she added
	layer_8: that is whm the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_10: that is hem the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_12: that is hem the reasons why she loathes me so she added

file: 6455-67803-0014.flac
expected: lucia thought deeply for a moment she recognized all at once several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_2: le shoauld tot deepe le forberm it she reconis allat wades several thing she had me miste fid byve ofore
	layer_4: ble shoul hot deply forebemit she reconised all at wies severalthing che had me mistified by aebefore
	layer_6: lesher thought deeply forberment she recognized all at wliees several thing she had been mistified by before
	layer_8: licha thought deeply forbimat she recognized all at wliecs several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_10: licha thought deeply forbuement she recognized all at wiess several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_12: licia thought deeply forbement she recognized all at wites several things she had been mystified by before

file: 6455-67803-0015.flac
expected: octavia smiled a little again
	layer_2: otaeiou sman witdral agaet
	layer_4: octadiousman literall again
	layer_6: octadious sman little again
	layer_8: actavia smilind little again
	layer_10: octavia smiling little again
	layer_12: octavia smiling little again

file: 6455-67803-0016.flac
expected: lucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_2: mesh eoa saut thinking her han's clasp tedly
	layer_4: mushia sat thinking her hands clasp titly
	layer_6: muia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_8: muhia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_10: mucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_12: mucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly

file: 6455-67803-0017.flac
expected: i am glad i came here she said at length
	layer_2: i 'mglaht i came yearsh aid at lyg
	layer_4: i 'am glout i came yearsh said at le
	layer_6: i am glad i came heres said at lat
	layer_8: i 'm glad i came here sh said at late
	layer_10: i'm glad i came here sh said at late
	layer_12: i'm glad i came here she said at late

file: 6455-67803-0018.flac
expected: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: i cink i shall never be frate o oray mor
	layer_4: i chink i shall never be affrate of er any more
	layer_6: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_8: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0019.flac
expected: her delicate nostrils were dilated she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_2: her deli cat naostral wretallad id if he hellther head upp her brath came fast ther was a int af egiful ticioen an o te
	layer_4: her delicat nostral with allated ins he hel ther head up her brath came fast the was a hint of egiful titient inhetot
	layer_6: her delicate nostrals wit olladted and she hel her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egfultatint in hertone
	layer_8: her delicate nostrals withilited and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egvultationt in her tone
	layer_10: her delicate nostrils weredilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_12: her delicate nostrils weredilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone

file: 6455-67803-0020.flac
expected: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_2: she whalted very tas aufer she leved the house
	layer_4: she walted very thas at fer she lefe the house
	layer_6: she walked very tast afer she left the house
	layer_8: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_10: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_12: she walked very fast after she left the house

file: 6455-67803-0021.flac
expected: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_2: bt i was not gainsthim that luhe as inthegnatian with a routsd
	layer_4: but it was not agins thim that luhias indignation with aroutst
	layer_6: but it was not against t him that lushe as indignation with aroust
	layer_8: but it was not against him that luchia's indignation was aroused
	layer_10: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_12: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused

file: 6455-67803-0022.flac
expected: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_2: she wonder thaf he et heard hr lasworts he fan i o hat
	layer_4: she wonder that theet heard her last worts he fancsit ho had
	layer_6: she wonder thaf he had heard her last wortds she fancy to had
	layer_8: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_10: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_12: she wondered if he had heard her last words he fancied he had

file: 6455-67803-0023.flac
expected: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_2: you to oll iv er shakein littl harn and  looked dhown o her extided face
	layer_4: you tok holl ever shakeing little han and looke down a her extited face
	layer_6: you took hole over shaking little han and look down a her extied face
	layer_8: you took hole iver shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_10: you took hole of er shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_12: you took hole of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face

file: 6455-67803-0024.flac
expected: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_2: i a ingery ho sad gave never so me engre wlfor
	layer_4: i am engery he said yeave never so me angry wefore
	layer_6: i am anger he said yu ave never son me angry wbefore
	layer_8: i am angry she said yu have never soened mee angry before
	layer_10: i am angry she said an you have never sen me angry before
	layer_12: i am angry she said and you have never sen me angry before

file: 6455-67803-0025.flac
expected: i am on my way to my to lady theobald
	layer_2: iam omy way to might tlady the ablet
	layer_4: im amy way to mi to lady theablet
	layer_6: i'm on my way to my to lady theablet
	layer_8: i 'm on my way to my to lady theabolt
	layer_10: i'm on my way to my to lady theoblt
	layer_12: i'm on my way to my to lady theobelt

file: 6455-67803-0026.flac
expected: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_2: he hollder hain as comely as befor
	layer_4: he held her hand as camly as before
	layer_6: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_8: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_10: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_12: he held her hand as calmly as before

file: 6455-67803-0027.flac
expected: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_2: whad you wune ater her he ast she lafgh togain
	layer_4: what o you wouln a sad heo her he askt she laught tagain
	layer_6: what r you woidn e say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_8: what are you woildnt't say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_10: what are yeu ging t say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_12: what ar yeu going to say to her he asked she laughed again

file: 6455-67803-0028.flac
expected: he held her hand rather closer
	layer_2: helder hane rathercloser
	layer_4: heldher han rather cliser
	layer_6: held her han rather cliserd
	layer_8: held her hand rather cliser
	layer_10: held her hand rather cliser
	layer_12: held her hand rather closer

file: 6455-67803-0029.flac
expected: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_2: she has mak you vari engre hsaid
	layer_4: she has made you very ingry said
	layer_6: she has made you very angry said
	layer_8: she has made you very angry hesaid
	layer_10: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_12: she has made you very angry he said

file: 6455-67803-0030.flac
expected: and then almost before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_2: and then i mustheforshi knew wias she as doing she was poring fore the hol of restoy eve more of it than she aied hol ou taviu
	layer_4: and then i mast bhe forthy new what she was doing she was poring forth the wholl iv erstoy ev e more of it than she hadoll ativia
	layer_6: and then i must befor she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole over story even more of it than she had tll ativia
	layer_8: and then i must afore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told ativia
	layer_10: and then i mas afore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_12: and then omus efore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia

file: 6455-67803-0031.flac
expected: lucia he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobald you she said with a little start
	layer_2: be shalre he said a wisheto wre let me go antark wit tlady the apbld ouse is e wit little start
	layer_4: eu shal he said i wish y el let me go an talk with lady theablt yu seh as o it little strht
	layer_6: we shall he said i wish you woull let me go and talk with lady theabolt yushes in with little start
	layer_8: we sharl he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt youses n with little start
	layer_10: we shall be said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt usas and with little start
	layer_12: we shall be said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt usu and with little start

file: 6455-67803-0032.flac
expected: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_2: je se antere wont me godeo her
	layer_4: jeshe enwere went me god tho her
	layer_6: jes he answered let me go to her
	layer_8: jes he answered let me go to her
	layer_10: jess he answered let me go to her
	layer_12: jess he answered let me go to her

file: 6455-67803-0033.flac
expected: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you need never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: if you will say yes to that i ye acim pomece but youmean never be aforatof hering mor
	layer_4: if you willsay yest to that i he acon pommese but youmennever be affat of herdin more
	layer_6: if you will say yes to that i think icon pominse but you me never be afrad of hurid ing more
	layer_8: if you will say yes to that i think i can promos but you neen never be afraid of hurding more
	layer_10: if you will say yes to that i think i can promos but you need never be afraid of hurting more
	layer_12: if you will say yes to that i think i can promos bhut you need never be afraid of hurting more

file: 6455-67803-0034.flac
expected: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_2: the teares collor tyteoever cheeks in the eu is rushd to her eis
	layer_4: the fears colored titotiever cheeks in the ters rushed to her eyes
	layer_6: the ferst colored dit out over cheeks an the tears rushe to her eyes
	layer_8: the fierest color died out ofher cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_10: the fierecet color diged out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_12: the fierecet colour died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes

file: 6455-67803-0035.flac
expected: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_2: shmras her tas withe bat etle wok
	layer_4: shrase her thase with a be teder wok
	layer_6: she rased her tays with patetic wok
	layer_8: she raised her face with a pathetic wook
	layer_10: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_12: she raised her face with a pathetic look

file: 6455-67803-0036.flac
expected: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his quietest way
	layer_2: im tesperatlen love with ty e entrdin tis quier us way
	layer_4: i'm desperatelyn love with thyu he antfered in thes quirus way
	layer_6: i'am desperately i love with yu he anfered in this quir us way
	layer_8: i'am desperatelyin love with you he answered in this quires way
	layer_10: iam desperately in love with you he answered in the coirest way
	layer_12: i am desperately in love with you he answered in the coirest way

file: 6455-66379-0000.flac
expected: hallo colonel how d'ye sell your wood this time
	layer_2: ilo cino hwe dyoa l your wold this time
	layer_4: illow crnow hwdyosthl your wouod this time
	layer_6: allo conel how dyoutel you wood this time
	layer_8: allow colonel how dyou selwl you wood this time
	layer_10: alo colonel how do'you sell you  wood this time
	layer_12: allo colonel how doyou sell you wood this time

file: 6455-66379-0001.flac
expected: why capting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the d l
	layer_2: whike atting we mus chare yu hreena corder the stime the thul
	layer_4: whyke atting we must chat you threen a corter the stime the do
	layer_6: why e atthing we must chart you three n acorder this time the do
	layer_8: why atting we must chargh you three in a quarter this time the do
	layer_10: why ating we must charge you three an a quarter this time the do
	layer_12: wy atting we must charge you three an a quarter this time the do

file: 6455-66379-0002.flac
expected: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_2: seper was overan hir retirr to met uppur berth thichwaitat long sideend over lookin the bractaple were the capein i deeply ngage havin no the oter paly as as princibl ponit
	layer_4: supper was over and i retiret to mat upper berth shi thuatad long side an over lookin the brackaple where the capting with deeply ingage havignow the other pily as of princible opon it
	layer_6: supper was over and i retired to mite upper birth suchuated long side and overlooking the brack tapble where the captain with deeply engage having now the other pily as of principle apponit
	layer_8: supper was over and i retired to met upper birth situaded a long side and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilet as of principal opponet
	layer_10: supper was over and i retired tomy upper birth situated alongside and overlooking the back table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilte as of principal opponent
	layer_12: supper was over and i retired to my upper birth situated alongside and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilote as if principal opponent

file: 6455-66379-0003.flac
expected: head her in shore then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_2: huder ingaret then en takein sux waredthe ids goot fe do at tomtino can var wolyve the gadnow is cating mery worm
	layer_4: hudter in jorer then andtaken in six cward ther bid s good see dto at tomton a can ver woldeve the gade now iscutting mrght wrm
	layer_6: had her njored then and takening six cordthof ds good see to it tompsona can verwell leave the gane now is cetting might warm
	layer_8: had her njore then and takening six couars egis good see to it thompsond a can' verywell leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_10: hut her in sore then and taking six corsof gits good see do it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_12: het her in shore then and taking six cors of gets good see do it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm

file: 6455-66379-0004.flac
expected: this pilot's beating us all to smash the wooding completed we paddled on again
	layer_2: this proleds benias all thesmashe the woeldy compliteto we pattle on aget
	layer_4: this pileds benin s all the smashe the wouid he complited  we patled on aget
	layer_6: this piletes beatig s all this mashed the wod e completed we pattled on a get
	layer_8: this pilots beatig is all this mashed the wood y completed we paddled on a get
	layer_10: this pilot's beating is all thi smashed the wod e completed we paddled on a git
	layer_12: this pilot's beating is all thi smashed the wood ie completed we paddled on a git

file: 6455-66379-0005.flac
expected: they were anxious to learn the game and they did learn it
	layer_2: ther inse stome varind the game and they dillardit
	layer_4: theier ensuste verind the game and they dilert it
	layer_6: their anxus tolearned the game and they didlerd it
	layer_8: the'r anxious to learn the game and they dilurt it
	layer_10: they 're anxious to learn the game and they dilert it
	layer_12: they 're anxious to learn the game and they dilert it

file: 6455-66379-0006.flac
expected: still with all these disadvantages they continued playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_2: stil whit all hese s imnges the kc intinyu pling there waon it to learn bhegaimn
	layer_4: still with all these es amanages they continuw pling tleye one ite to learne begaime
	layer_6: still with all these as amanages thy continue plan they want et to learn begamn
	layer_8: still with all these isavantages the continue playng they wanted to learn thegame
	layer_10: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_12: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the game

file: 6455-66379-0007.flac
expected: oh pretty glibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are obliged to keep the middle of the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_2: o protkg liblys ser wreplie the mat wiecinscircely t hell we hadbo we ar ma ing for wyeuar blie to hep he it aldha giver and thereis a shudofe of fougreasin
	layer_4: ot pretic libly ser breplied the mate we canscarcely tell wehead a be armake ing forwyeur a bly to eeap the it old the giver and there is he shet oofe o fagrasi
	layer_6: ol prettic libly's sir replied the mat we can scaricely tell wha headbo we are making forwe are blag to keap then it all thegover and there is the shedofe a fog rizind
	layer_8: ell pretty glibbley sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headvy we are making for we are ablige to keap them at all the gover and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_10: well pretty glibbleys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heave we are making for we are obliged to keap them at all the gover and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_12: well pretty glibbleys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heavey we are making for we are obliged to keep them at all the gover and there is the shadow of a fog rising

file: 6455-66379-0008.flac
expected: this wood seems rather better than that we took in at yellow face's but we're nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_2: thiswitshims rofhor beter n thot y to c ana g el ofaces but warning aly out agaend a must be loking out from or
	layer_4: this whits hims rod or bether than that we took an a gilofaces but werdningaly out agait and must belooking oat fo mor
	layer_6: this witsems rauh ford better than that we took an a gillow faces but wording at leout again and must be looking out for more
	layer_8: this whit sems rad ferd better than that we took an i gllow faces but wer ning o le out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_10: this whit seems rodford better than that we took in ha yellow faces but wer ning a le out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_12: this whit seems raferd better than that we took in tha yellow faces but wer ning a le out again and must be looking out for more

file: 6455-66379-0009.flac
expected: i saw a light just ahead on the right shall we hail
	layer_2: i's all ligd doste holun the briat sholl we haill
	layer_4: i's all lit just to hwon the brat shalwl we hale
	layer_6: i's all lit just a hao on the brat shall we hale
	layer_8: i's al light just to ha n the brate shall we heil
	layer_10: i's al light just t han on the rat shall we hal
	layer_12: i's all light just ta han on the rate shall we hal

file: 6455-66379-0010.flac
expected: yes yes replied the captain ring the bell and ask em what's the price of wood up here
	layer_2: jasiest were pie the capt ten rin the bel an aghfomics the price a woalde apper
	layer_4: jesyisd were pye the cap ben ren the bell an aghtalmechs the parch of would aper
	layer_6: yesyest perepyed the capaan reiamd the bellanaimets the parth of wt apper
	layer_8: yes yes repied the captin raned the bell and afhimat's the path of wat apper
	layer_10: yes yes replied the captain reaned the bell and ahemats the path of woat apper
	layer_12: yes yes replied the captain dreaned the bell and afhelmats the parth of woot appear

file: 6455-66379-0011.flac
expected: i've got you again here's double kings
	layer_2: i what yoully anears touble kens
	layer_4: i wht youliy i hers eble kins
	layer_6: i wougt you lian hers tevile kings
	layer_8: i hought youlia nears debile kings
	layer_10: i thought julian hears dobil kings
	layer_12: i thought julian hers dobil kings

file: 6455-66379-0012.flac
expected: deal sir if you please better luck next time
	layer_2: dell sar f e plas ben te oclextime
	layer_4: dtel serif fe ples ben r lok lex time
	layer_6: deal sir if you please bende luc lex time
	layer_8: deal sir if you please bnr luck lex time
	layer_10: deal sir if you please benderlucklex time
	layer_12: deal sir if you please benerlucklex time

file: 6455-66379-0013.flac
expected: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_2: the ot a pelts woysif the gin her a dck how wac cha you
	layer_4: the osther poutes boyce wof the gain her aun deck how match have you
	layer_6: the other pot's voice wih again hurn o deck how much have you
	layer_8: the other pilt's voice was again hern ou deck how much have you
	layer_10: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_12: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you

file: 6455-66379-0014.flac
expected: only about ten cords sir was the reply of the youthful salesman
	layer_2: le bout tencort sir was wereplived the youthfulseilemen
	layer_4: only bout tun cortsir was replie the youthful sailsman
	layer_6: onlyabout tung oart sir was replid the youthful salsmen
	layer_8: only about ton coart sir was replied the youthful salsman
	layer_10: only about ten quarts sir was replied the youthful sailsman
	layer_12: only about ten quarts sir was replied the youthful sailsman

file: 6455-66379-0015.flac
expected: the captain here told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_2: thecappin heritl tomsendtaks suxords which wallast o ty liht in aginternetitd thetentiento te game
	layer_4: the capen heritl tomsindotake sixcords which wiel last of nei liht in again tern et thetention to the game
	layer_6: the capain here it all tompsondo takes sixcords which wul last to laylight ind again turn t tettention to the game
	layer_8: the captain here it oll thomson to take six cords which would last til laylight and again turned i attention to the game
	layer_10: the captain here tolld thompson to take six cords which would last til daylight and again turn his ttention to the game
	layer_12: the captain here told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turn his attention to the game

file: 6455-66379-0016.flac
expected: the pilots here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_2: tupalit ser change laces when did thyslepe
	layer_4: ta palet e re change laces wene did they sleep
	layer_6: the paletes e or change places whene did they sleep
	layer_8: the palats e ar change places when did they sleep
	layer_10: the palots her changed places when did they sleep
	layer_12: the palots her changed places when did they sleep

file: 6455-66379-0017.flac
expected: wood taken in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the stream paddling on as usual day at length dawned
	layer_2: wit i can en tecar fan agan toocer place in the miteralf the shrem powdling on as ual ga at lin don
	layer_4: witha can in the care of an agan tokgher place in the miderlvf the shream powdling on as usal day outlingh don
	layer_6: witi c an in the careofan again took her place in the miderl of the shream powdling on his usual day at length done
	layer_8: withing an in the careovan again took her place in the midele of the shream powdling on as usual day at length dan
	layer_10: whitting an inn the curavan again took her place in the middle of the shream powdling on as usual day at length dawn
	layer_12: whittig an in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the shream powdling on as usual day at length dawn

file: 6455-66379-0018.flac
expected: i had risen and went out with the captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_2: iad risen on wee out with e caen tonjoy of earo the blops
	layer_4: i had rison o went out with a capen too anjoy of yearf the blufs
	layer_6: i had risen an went out with a captin to enjoy of you f the blufs
	layer_8: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy a vou o the bluffs
	layer_10: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy a vew of the bluffs
	layer_12: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs

file: 6455-66379-0019.flac
expected: there it is exclaimed the captain stop her
	layer_2: tlearidtais ecclin the chaptan stoper
	layer_4: lerid s excleym thecaptain stoper
	layer_6: lerdys exclin the captain stopper
	layer_8: ler itdays exclaimd the captain's stopper
	layer_10: leridais exclaimed the captain stopper
	layer_12: leeridais exclaimed the captain stopper

file: 1686-142278-0000.flac
expected: he was gone
	layer_2: he was on
	layer_4: he was gon
	layer_6: he was gone
	layer_8: he was gone
	layer_10: he was gone
	layer_12: he was gone

file: 1686-142278-0001.flac
expected: no more deep blue skies or crimson and amber tints
	layer_2: no waldee uskise o chimsin an te tns
	layer_4: no wul deep luskiese of cimsen nan betinc
	layer_6: no moar deep lu skyes of whoms in nambertins
	layer_8: no more deep luw skyes of hymsen nambatons
	layer_10: no more deep blue skies of chrimsen nambetins
	layer_12: no more deep blue skies of chrimsen ambetins

file: 1686-142278-0002.flac
expected: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her thinking over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_2: she sad by aself at the fire witeh oun mlight ot candeles on the tabl behinder an ge lse er the day the hape wok happy scaching charfl pesn dinno and the in comftofbl misrbl workin he gardem
	layer_4: she sad by aself at the fir with unlighted candles on the table behind her a gin olverh the day the happy walk happy scetching cjefule pleasen dinner and the ncomfotable misurable walkin the garden
	layer_6: she sad by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her an ging over the day the happy walk happy sketching charful pleasan dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_8: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her ainging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_10: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her inging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_12: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her inging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden

file: 1686-142278-0003.flac
expected: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if briefs success and all its superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_2: ha wash she dostirben then hapfy he cuos ar rinsting her mae anythin lhuc to refs of im possibl while he not many minits af to hehidmedt withe rejection a what ordw a bem the deepest hollise wbe pose alof his life cuspeag as if its brece suxciss and ol a supleficiale cons equences of ea goot haus cnever n ea greable tesiety wie the so lafaird objecs o yheuveiesis older
	layer_4: hear was she distrbd in than hapfy he caose a rinsting hard made anythig bihto refuse of in posible while he not many minus afte he hadmed withthe rejection a what ordr f ben the deepest holies wrepose alovf his life cuspeku as if its bries success and allessuoperficial comsequencis of a good houes clever n a greeable tociety with tha sol ovoud objects of mue ies ies aol der
	layer_6: here was she disturbed in than halfy because he rinsting hard made anything but a refuse o impossible while he not many minues affter he had met with a regection or what ordrhave been the deepest wholiyes reposeal of his life cuspak as if its briefe success an all issu perficial comsequences of a good houes clever in a greeble tociety wirth a sol about objects of huesirs oh dear
	layer_8: here was she disturbed and an happy because her instinct had made anything but a refuseal impossible whele he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what orda have been the deepest wholliest proposal of his life cou speak as if its briefs success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever an agreeable society werh ha sol avout objects of ie'sirs oh dear
	layer_10: here was she disturbed and un happy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible whell he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ord have been the deepest holliest proposal of his life could speak as if its brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sol avoued objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_12: here was she disturbed and un happy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible whell he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ordu have been the deepest holliest proposal of his life could speak as if its brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the soule avoued objects of his desires oh dear

file: 1686-142278-0004.flac
expected: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_2: a mothe cameing to the room befor dis wore of those wash a gusted ing toanyhthing lik order
	layer_4: i mother came ingto the room before this woirl of those wash a justed into anyhing like order
	layer_6: omother came into the room before this worl of thous was a justed into anything like order
	layer_8: yr mother came into the room before this wirl of thors was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_10: her mother came into the room before this wirl of thos was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_12: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thors was adjusted into anything like order

file: 1686-142278-0005.flac
expected: mister hale sipped his tea in abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_2: misteor haal sipt his to en nochdrect et silens morgeret hedthe rispanses lnto hirself
	layer_4: mister hale sipt his tohe uno stract etsilenc mareret heathe responces alto herself
	layer_6: mister hale sipped his teinow stract et silence margaret had the responces al to herself
	layer_8: mister hale sipped his tea and nowstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_10: mister hale sipped his tea and obstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_12: mister hale sipped his tea and obstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself

file: 1686-142278-0006.flac
expected: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_2: she for got that he had not maithan men ofar
	layer_4: she fo got that he had not mad than hen offer
	layer_6: she forgot that he had not made them than offer
	layer_8: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_10: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_12: she forgot that he had not made them an offer

file: 1686-142278-0007.flac
expected: margaret was preparing her mother's worsted work and rather shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_2: margrt was wreparing hem mot his werst ef werk ande all the srin king fro  fought of the lo eming in wisheng bet ti wae con thet she my go  hr the evienceofthe day again
	layer_4: margaret was wereparing hem moter's worstive work andral the shrinkin from thethought of the long edveming and wishing bed tie were come that she my gor ovi the iv ence of the day again
	layer_6: margaret was repairing her mother's worstie work and rall the shringkig from he thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_8: margaret was repairing her mother's worstif work and all the shrin cime from he thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime weure come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_10: margaret was preparing her mother's worstit work and all the shrink cinge from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime would come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_12: margaret was preparing her mother's worstit work and all the shrinkcamge from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime would come that she might go over the events of the day again

file: 1686-142278-0008.flac
expected: margaret
	layer_2: loget
	layer_4: lorgeres
	layer_6: largeres
	layer_8: lagres
	layer_10: margr's
	layer_12: margrs

file: 1686-142278-0009.flac
expected: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_2: on spetye vaut s om thn veory seeis trsof
	layer_4: i anet o spe t you boutsom thin very seemis to hae so
	layer_6: i wanto speak t you about some thin very se ous to aso
	layer_8: i want to speak to you about something very seious to asou
	layer_10: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us al
	layer_12: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all

file: 1686-142278-0010.flac
expected: very serious to us all
	layer_2: thery serris to hsal
	layer_4: verry seeres to a sol
	layer_6: verery seris to a soul
	layer_8: very ceroust to assaul
	layer_10: very cerious to assault
	layer_12: very cerious to assault

file: 1686-142278-0011.flac
expected: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any private conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_2: misto lenexs and never hathe  o pe nlity of enin any pise cothe sation witht a fal ther of to ho refsl or al s thad would indee pe avvery se mis of fair
	layer_4: miste lenecs a never ha the o peculity of heming any pois conhesation with a father ofter her refusal or al sthat wout indee be a very see issuf fair
	layer_6: mister lenixs ad never had the orpecunity of having any poieras comisation with a father ofter her refusal or allse that would indeed be a very se ious affair
	layer_8: mister lennox had never had the oppocunity of having any poyrs comversation with he father ofter her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_10: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any poyish conversation with e father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_12: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any poyish conversation with he father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair

file: 1686-142278-0012.flac
expected: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_2: but she soon felt it was not o bat anything whichheving only lahtle and sude ly oa gurd could have given riced towan he copigatid toucs that a fal ther wishd ouspekto her
	layer_4: but she soon felt it was not o out anything which having only latlan suden le acgurd could have given riced to eny compicatid thoughts hat a fathe wishe a speak to her
	layer_6: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occured could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wish to speak to her
	layer_8: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rice to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_10: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that he father wished to speak to her
	layer_12: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her

file: 1686-142278-0013.flac
expected: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_2: mis te hailded not alns of form m duter
	layer_4: mister haldid not ouns or fr a mne dote
	layer_6: mister hal did not aunswer form mina dahto
	layer_8: mister hale did not answer for a minuae ogtwe
	layer_10: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_12: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two

file: 1686-142278-0014.flac
expected: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_2: malgrt coud not ba the siht of the sinspens with wseven mor destressing to her fa that anto hself
	layer_4: margaret could not bay the scight of the sinspence which was heven more destressing to her fathat ento herself
	layer_6: margaret could not beay the sight of the sincepense which was even more distressing to her fathert thanto herself
	layer_8: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_10: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_12: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself

file: 1686-142278-0015.flac
expected: but why dear papa do tell me
	layer_2: but w dipfiar dion telmeg
	layer_4: but wy dopofot don tell me
	layer_6: but why dop  out don't tell me
	layer_8: but why do papa don't tell me
	layer_10: but why doo papa don't tell me
	layer_12: but why doo papa don tell me

file: 1686-142278-0016.flac
expected: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_2: becas ie must kno long g of bei ministor in the church af ing ond
	layer_4: because im must no long of ben minister in the church of enguant
	layer_6: because i must no longeor be an minister in the church of england
	layer_8: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_10: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_12: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england

file: 1686-142278-0017.flac
expected: but nothing to the shock she received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_2: thet nothing to the shoptuo reseeprong mhis to has la spate what could yhe meem
	layer_4: the nothing to the shocte receip rom mis to hal's laspech what could hou men
	layer_6: thut nothing to the shockte receie from mister hals lae tspeech what could hyo mean
	layer_8: but nothing to the shrochure received from mister hale's lare speech what could he mean
	layer_10: but nothing to the shropshire received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_12: but nothing to the shrocshire received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean

file: 1686-142278-0018.flac
expected: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_2: it was an he wrs for bingso ri starius
	layer_4: it was o e wrs for being so resterius
	layer_6: it was an he worse for being so resterious
	layer_8: it was all e worse for being so rysterious
	layer_10: it was all te worse for being so rysterious
	layer_12: it was all te worse for being so rysterious

file: 1686-142278-0019.flac
expected: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_2: whak kank you kno long of be a clartomon
	layer_4: whit cin you know long ef e aclarguman
	layer_6: why can you know longer be a clereyman
	layer_8: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_10: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_12: why can you no longer be a clergyman

file: 1686-142278-0020.flac
expected: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard unjust
	layer_2: soly i the besha witl allwing mo but firy and the hard in just
	layer_4: sorly it the bishe witol allwe mo about fedry and the heard and just
	layer_6: surely if the bish wure ald all we know about fredery and the hard an just
	layer_8: surely if the bishop were tald all we know about frederiy and the hard and just
	layer_10: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard and just
	layer_12: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederic and the hard and just

file: 1686-142278-0021.flac
expected: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_2: logret i will till you boaces
	layer_4: lagaret i will till your boutet
	layer_6: lagaret i will tell you abou it
	layer_8: mlagaret i will tell you about it
	layer_10: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_12: margaret i will tell you about it

file: 1686-142278-0022.flac
expected: i will answer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_2: or relons or any questres thisponcs thut ofte to nit leteust nave spek ofvitagain
	layer_4: a relancsor any questirs this once thut afte to night let us narber speek of it again
	layer_6: i relancsar any questures this once but after to night let us nevber speak of it again
	layer_8: i rilancswer any questores this oncs but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_10: i will ancwer any question this onts but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_12: i will ancwer any questions this onts but after to night let us never speak of it again

file: 1686-142278-0023.flac
expected: i can meet the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering
	layer_2: i cand ned the conti quences of myt paineful nisiable dhout but itdis en eughfort beyon me to speakal what has caols my so wedh suffring
	layer_4: i can ned the consquences ot my painful nmisrable dout but it is aneuord beyon me to speak what has cauls me so wents uffering
	layer_6: i can need the concequences of my painful misurable doubt but it is an efot beyond me to speako what has callse me so mer suffering
	layer_8: i can need the consequences of my painful misurable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has calsed me so me suffering
	layer_10: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has calused me so much suffering
	layer_12: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has calsed me so much suffering

file: 1686-142278-0024.flac
expected: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_2: no not doutses t rilition mion the sli tes indreto that he pausd
	layer_4: no not doutsas to relagion no the slightise indreto that he paused
	layer_6: no not doubts us to religion now the slightes indrey to that he paused
	layer_8: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_10: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_12: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused

file: 1686-142278-0025.flac
expected: margaret sighed as if standing on the verge of some new horror
	layer_2: lograt sigt as if standing on the weorgeuf someenya horrr
	layer_4: wargaret sit as if standing on the worge of som yoa hora
	layer_6: margaret sight as if standing on the worge of some nehorro
	layer_8: margaret sight as if standing on the werde of some nehoro
	layer_10: margaret sighed as if standing on the werd of some nehora
	layer_12: margaret sighed as if standing on the werd of some nehora

file: 1686-142278-0026.flac
expected: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_2: mag et howin love the hl dy juecd frorm wetime to be shatout
	layer_4: maged howi love the holdechoch from witoime to be shut out
	layer_6: margaret how i love the holdy chorge from which hm to be shut out
	layer_8: margret how i loved the holdy churge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_10: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_12: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out

file: 1686-142278-0027.flac
expected: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_2: he could not goon fo a monlmenjato
	layer_4: he could not go n for a lmommen jatto
	layer_6: he could not go on for a mo mene goll to
	layer_8: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_10: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_12: he could not go on for a moment or two

file: 1686-142278-0028.flac
expected: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to turn mahometan
	layer_2: molbgert couldnotil wat to say a seeme to her es taribeu massterious as i far fall ther wor about d on m him atn
	layer_4: wmargart could not till what to say a seemd to her es teribumisterious as if a fa the wore about  ton mar him atn
	layer_6: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to her es tarriblyu mysterious as if ar father were about t t m mhaitin
	layer_8: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to heresterribly mysterious as if her father were about to m mhemetian
	layer_10: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her es terribly mysterious as if her father were about to own ma hemetin
	layer_12: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her es terribly mysterious as if her father were about to on ma hemetin

file: 1686-142278-0029.flac
expected: the one staid foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and rocking
	layer_2: the one stat foundation of her hom of hor i dy of r beloveed fother them realing a wooking
	layer_4: the oncestate foundation of her home of vor ide of o blovid father thimreling a walking
	layer_6: the one state foundation of her hame of her idea of her beloverd father theme reling ind walking
	layer_8: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seem reeling and walking
	layer_10: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and walking
	layer_12: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and walking

file: 1686-142278-0030.flac
expected: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embarked
	layer_2: he swollow down the dry chir king sof wheich had been heving u fron his heart it the tr and goin t his ber ca ce  id took down offol u whic he had o fem been weading lake id fromg which he  thought he ead do rive srinth to aintr apon the cos n whec he was nowi bo
	layer_4: he swllowr down the dri choking sof which had beeng heving u trom his heard i the tu and goin to his ber case h a took d owne vollu whiche had oftren beeng weding laitly hid from which he thought he had de rived srinth to enter opon the cose in which he was now inbo
	layer_6: he swallowed down the dryh choking sovps which had been heaving up from his heart hif the tre and going to his buokcase heh took down a volu which he had ofteen bein weading lately in from which he thought he had derived strinth to enter upon the coourse in which he was now inbo
	layer_8: he swallowed down the dry choking sobts which had been heaving up from his heart hithetro and going to his borok case he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately nd from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the cause in which he was now enborbed
	layer_10: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the couse in which he was now emborbed
	layer_12: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now emborbed

file: 1686-142278-0031.flac
expected: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_2: nissnt dy malgrt said he fbo ing one aoner oun hr rast
	layer_4: nicsen den malgard said he bu ing one aeroun her rast
	layer_6: nitende margaret said he but ing one am auround her rased
	layer_8: lisen de margaret said he puting one arm around her raist
	layer_10: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_12: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm around her waist

file: 1686-142278-0032.flac
expected: when god will not use thee in one kind yet he will in another
	layer_2: when god bile not  youse de one kind yet he will an a nover
	layer_4: when god will not use deen one kind yet he will and another
	layer_6: when god will not use den one kind yet he will in another
	layer_8: when god will not use den one kind yet he will in another
	layer_10: when god will not use dene one kind yet he will in another
	layer_12: when god will not use dene one kind yet he will in another

file: 1686-142278-0033.flac
expected: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy vows thou pretendest a necessity for it in order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_2: if when thou ar chige with crupting gaol's wiship farsiufind thyawous theurh pretendest and the cessisty or it onder to a continens in the ministry
	layer_4: if when though ar charge with corrupting gal's wership foarsufing thywouse theih pretendest and te cessesty or it own oder to a continuens in the ministry
	layer_6: if when though are charged with corrupting godswership falsifind thy ous thouh pretendused and necessisty for it ownode to a continuance in the minustry
	layer_8: if when thou aret charged with corrupting god'sworship falsifyng thy aws though pretendest and necessaty or it own oder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_10: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy rows thouh pretendest a necesaty or it own an odor to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_12: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy vows thoug pretendest a necessaty or it own an oder to a continuance in the ministry

file: 1686-142278-0034.flac
expected: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_2: as he ret this and glansant mich mart which she did not wed whe gane res a ution for himslf and feltes ife he to coulf be brave and tfomm in dang sot he beieved to e wiht at as he seesed he head morgbrts lo con vulso so and his courrit saingd down un thet the knd sinc of sufaing
	layer_4: as he read this and glanceant mishmore which he did not ret he gain resalution for himsolf and feltas if he too could be brabe and fhm indoeing shat he belelieved to be wit at as he seased he heard margarets low conbulso sob and his curied sang down under the ken sinse of sufferingt
	layer_6: as he read this and glance ind much more which he did not reat he gain resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brabe and firm in doing what he believed to be wite bat as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsiv sob and his couried sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_8: as he read this and glance at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his couraed sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_10: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not wread he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sankg down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_12: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sankg down under the keen sense of suffering

file: 1686-142278-0035.flac
expected: i have borne long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_2: ihave bon lang whith soffrpole ther would hav rous aning my les twalrped and cod e behen mine
	layer_4: i have bone long with solf reporge therewould have rous any min less tolbit and coud ly ehan mine
	layer_6: i have bone long with saf repoce ther would have rouse any minde less tarbid and cowdly thain mine
	layer_8: i have bone long with salf ryporch there would have roused any minde less torid and cowardly than mine
	layer_10: i have borne long with saf ripoch there would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_12: i have borne long with salf ripoch there would have roused any mind less torbid and cowardly than mine

file: 1686-142278-0036.flac
expected: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_2: he shok is hedes hou winton
	layer_4: he shook his hed is you wenton
	layer_6: he shook his head as you went on
	layer_8: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_10: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_12: he shook his head as he went on

file: 1686-142278-0037.flac
expected: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_2: magrets i rid to do it i tridto contend myself wish simflurefesing vid disto reermend and soping qui tly heare strang gem mie contionce now as a hadstraind ed pefor
	layer_4: margaret i crid to do it i crih to contend myself with simpfly refuting ti dista prevelent and soppin quitly here strangling my contcion's now as i had straind ed before
	layer_6: margaret i cryed to do it i cried to contentd myself with simply refusing the disional preverelment and sopping quitely here strangling my concience now as i had strained it before
	layer_8: margaret i cried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing th aditional preverelent and stopping quitly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_10: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preverilent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_12: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preveralent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before

file: 1686-142278-0038.flac
expected: god forgive me
	layer_2: forht hici me
	layer_4: thoht o givs me
	layer_6: thoghts agie me
	layer_8: thoghts thogive me
	layer_10: tohts forgives me
	layer_12: fhougts forgives me

file: 1686-142278-0039.flac
expected: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but few
	layer_2: heuras and wok up an downd th riom speakinno wrds of sefwe preicg ad he theiation a which margrt was tangkfulto habut a fi
	layer_4: he rls ind walk up an down the rim speaking ow words of selfwe proce an whu theiation a which margaret was tangkful to h but afew
	layer_6: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of selfwe proach and humliation o which margaret was thankful to har but a few
	layer_8: he rose and walked up and down the rom speaking low words of sef reproach and humliation o which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_10: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_12: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few

file: 1686-142278-0040.flac
expected: margaret i return to the old sad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_2: moget arretuinto theal said brdim wemust lleve elston
	layer_4: margaret a retuinto the l said burden wemust leve helstom
	layer_6: margaret i returnto the old said burden we must leave helston
	layer_8: margaret i returned to the lsad burden we must leave helston
	layer_10: margaret i returned to the lsaid burden we must leave helstone
	layer_12: margaret i returned to the ollsaid burden we must leave helstone

file: 1686-142278-0041.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: es
	layer_4: nes
	layer_6: yes
	layer_8: yes
	layer_10: yes
	layer_12: yes

file: 1686-142278-0042.flac
expected: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_2: i hav ritinto the bishur i day sa ive toldyous sobut i forget thingstust now said mis ter haile chalatig int se de presst man as soomins he can gu tlokalf hart mactrof fac detildf hin fourming him wof mainetangeen to resin his pecurige
	layer_4: i have ritinto the bisharp i day sai have told you so but i forget things tus now said mister haile callaptaing into his de pressed mann a soninshe can to took of hard matra tac detaild hin forming him of mintangion to resignespickurage
	layer_6: i have written to the bishop i day say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hal collapting into his depressed manner as soonachy came to took of hard matteral fack detal informing him of my intengion to resignhe' spikurage
	layer_8: i have written to the bishop i day say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to tolok of hard matter of fact detaile informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_10: i have written to the bishop i daresay i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact detaile informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_12: i have written to the bishop i daresay i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact detailes informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage

file: 1686-142278-0043.flac
expected: they are but what i have tried upon myself without avail
	layer_2: they o tut what i have triht upom myself ror thauton wa
	layer_4: they ot but what i have tried upon myself ver thaut inwail
	layer_6: they art but what i have tried upon myself ir thot wail
	layer_8: they art but what i have tried upon myself wirththout awail
	layer_10: they are but what i have tried upon myself wihout a wail
	layer_12: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail

file: 1686-142278-0044.flac
expected: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be the parting from my dear people
	layer_2: that wu be acile but wis farwos wholldwbe tiporting fo my dy appeopl
	layer_4: that wiurl be a crile but wrs farwors will wit the porting for my deappeople
	layer_6: that will be a cil but worse farwors wilrl wuth eparting for my deaa people
	layer_8: that will be a trial but worse farworse wirl e departing for my dear people
	layer_10: that will be a trial but worse far worse will we departing from my dear people
	layer_12: that will be a trial but worse far worse will we departing from my dear people

file: 1686-142278-0045.flac
expected: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_2: he will come starit usto ro
	layer_4: he will come tostay with us to oreow
	layer_6: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_8: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_10: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_12: he will come to stay with us to morrow

file: 1686-142278-0046.flac
expected: was it to be so sudden then
	layer_2: was i to reseon sada men
	layer_4: was it to beson sade men
	layer_6: was it to be somn sada men
	layer_8: was it to be some sadon men
	layer_10: was it to be some sader men
	layer_12: was it to be some sader men

file: 1686-142278-0047.flac
expected: what does mamma say
	layer_2: what is maa say
	layer_4: what is molwosay
	layer_6: what dis maasay
	layer_8: what dis mola sai
	layer_10: what does molah say
	layer_12: what does mila say

file: 1686-142278-0048.flac
expected: margaret i am a poor coward after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_2: maogret i am hepl calwend oufttrall i can ont bad to give pained
	layer_4: malgret i am apool callwen ofter all i can on bea to giv pained
	layer_6: margaret i am a pool call went after all i cannot bea to give pain
	layer_8: margaret i am a pool callwent after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_10: margaret i am a pool cawan after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_12: margaret i am a pool calwant after all i cannot bear to give pain

file: 1686-142278-0049.flac
expected: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_2: yes in the she moast aid logrd
	layer_4: yes indhed she must said lagerd
	layer_6: yes inded shoe must said lagret
	layer_8: yes indeed she must said lagart
	layer_10: yes indeed she must said margard
	layer_12: yes indeed she must said margart

file: 1686-142278-0050.flac
expected: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_2: haps ofralld she manot  yes
	layer_4: the haps o frall she may not o yes
	layer_6: perhaps offfor all she may not oh yes
	layer_8: perhaps ofter all she may not oh yes
	layer_10: perhaps offterall she may not oh yes
	layer_12: perhaps offter all she may not oh yes

file: 1686-142278-0051.flac
expected: she will she must be shocked' as the force of the blow returned upon herself in trying to realise how another would take it
	layer_2: she wel she must be short as a forseof the blo retuned upon heself wenetring to ra lise how w an novbher wur daket
	layer_4: she wall she must be shoed as a forcele the blow returned upon herself an cringd to rea lice how another wered taket
	layer_6: she well she must be shoked as a forcel te blow returned upon herself ind crying to realize how another would take it
	layer_8: she will she must be shocked as a forel the blow returned upon herself and crying to realize how another would take it
	layer_10: she will she must be shocked as a force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_12: she will she must be shocked as a force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it

file: 1686-142278-0052.flac
expected: to milton northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment strive to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of the pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_2: to mille to no ten e answid withe donindiffenc for heyat po heeve that l theuh he stought ofs love nd mate her clamnto him a for a momenstrie to seoot him with halou eet the keness of the pame was es fresioas ever in whem mind
	layer_4: to mill to nor then he answerd with a dol indifferance for he hat paseeve that although he s daught os love had made her claine to him and for a moman strie to so thimn with helov he eat the keeness of te pain was as freshoes ever in he mind
	layer_6: to mill to knor them he answered with a dune indifference for he had perceive that although he s daughter's love had made her klaine to him and for a moment stribed to sooth him with herlove hyet the keeness of depain was as fresh s ever in her mind
	layer_8: to mill to northem he answered with a dulb indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her clain to him and for a moment strived to sooth him with her love yet the keeness of dapain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_10: to mil to northa he answered with a dulb indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claing to him and for a moment stried to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dapain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_12: to mill to northar he answered with a dulb indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cleain to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dopaign was as fresh as ever in her mind

file: 1686-142278-0053.flac
expected: milton northern
	layer_2: mil to e oten
	layer_4: milto then ather
	layer_6: milted an authr
	layer_8: milt on anarthern
	layer_10: milton an orther
	layer_12: milton an orther

file: 1686-142278-0054.flac
expected: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way
	layer_2: yes said he the sainediscpontn hindiffron way
	layer_4: yes said he nthe sanedisponden henm diffren way
	layer_6: yes said he and the same isponden in differnt way
	layer_8: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_10: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_12: yes said he in the same despondent in different way

file: 1686-142278-0055.flac
expected: but he with his quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_2: lat he with this crak in c witovf simpithy wreden herface as in he merar the reflections of his o mudedepression and turnded offid hen effet
	layer_4: tut heg with this qreak incu itive simpthe read en her face has in amirar the reflections of his o modydepression and turnedid of fi inefert
	layer_6: but he with this crick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in amiror the reflections of his own moodydepression and turned it off withan effort
	layer_8: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_10: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_12: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort

file: 1686-142278-0056.flac
expected: you shall be told all margaret
	layer_2: ye shall be till do woret
	layer_4: ou shall be tol d o mabaret
	layer_6: you shall be told o maberete
	layer_8: you shall be told o maberet
	layer_10: you shall be told o margaret
	layer_12: you shall be told oh margaret

file: 1686-142278-0057.flac
expected: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_2: ole helt mee to tll you lother
	layer_4: oly helt me to tell you mother
	layer_6: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_8: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_10: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_12: only help me to tell your mother

file: 1686-142278-0058.flac
expected: i am going out for the day to bid farmer dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_2: i n gaing out fo the day to bit fa the dobpson in the po pepl o bace common ood by
	layer_4: i a ging oth for the day to bit far the dobson in the pur peoble onbracy comman god by
	layer_6: i am going ut for the day to bit fa the dobson in the pool people on bracy common good by
	layer_8: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson in the por people on brazy common good bye
	layer_10: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson in the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_12: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson in the poor people on bracy common good bye

file: 1686-142278-0059.flac
expected: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_2: whichyoe dislike bratk et to hea veryn luche whalgert
	layer_4: whid you dislike braking it to her bery luch walgart
	layer_6: would you dislike breaking it to her bery much walgaret
	layer_8: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_10: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_12: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret

file: 1686-142278-0060.flac
expected: margaret did dislike it did shrink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_2: marger id dis liket dit ching from ret mor him rom any tpingued ever hato doin whelife befulr
	layer_4: margaer did  as likeit didhring from it more them from any thingted ever had to doin he life before
	layer_6: margare didt aslike it ditching fom it more than from any thing she had ever had to do ing her life before
	layer_8: margaet did't aslike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_10: margaret didnt dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she ad ever had to do in her life before
	layer_12: margaret did't dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before

file: 1686-142278-0061.flac
expected: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_2: mister hel hrrok his had the spon ig le h prest eor hand ind torcen of wratitud
	layer_4: misster hal shook his head the sponingly he presther hand in tokn of wratitud
	layer_6: mister hal shook his head tispondingly ho pressed her hand intoken of ratitude
	layer_8: mister hal shook his head despondingly who pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_10: mister hale shook his head despondingly who pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_12: mister hale shook his head despondingly who pressed her hand in token of gratitude

file: 1686-142278-0062.flac
expected: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_2: margret pus neliup sinteganing tr birst of cin
	layer_4: margaredt pus nely up sintagain ingto  birst of pyin
	layer_6: margaret pasnealy up sent again into burst of pine
	layer_8: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of pine
	layer_10: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of pine
	layer_12: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of pine

file: 1686-142278-0063.flac
expected: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what our plans are
	layer_2: to din her thulds she said not tell me pal what up lanser
	layer_4: to don her thoults she said now tell me perpa what up nanser
	layer_6: to dorn her thoughts she said now tell me popa what up manzar
	layer_8: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up manza
	layer_10: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up anza
	layer_12: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up nanza

file: 1686-142278-0064.flac
expected: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know
	layer_2: ou ed meu mo have soe mone in dupendan of tein comefom the lifving have not ou on chaw has i know
	layer_4: you had mamo have some money in dependon of the income fom the living have not you on chaw has i know
	layer_6: you ad mama have some money independen of the incom from the living have not you n car has i know
	layer_8: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aun shawr has i know
	layer_10: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aun shaw has i know
	layer_12: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know

file: 1686-142278-0065.flac
expected: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_2: semvmen te of that his al wis col to frigric sincte has ween ha brod
	layer_4: seven te of that his al was con to fregoric sinti has been a broud
	layer_6: seventy of that has always gonto frederic sinci has bein abroad
	layer_8: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_10: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_12: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad

file: 1686-142278-0066.flac
expected: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_2: must have somepafor sirving with hespan shaing
	layer_4: hemust have soe a payfor serving with thespan shaming
	layer_6: you must have somea pay for serving with e spanscharming
	layer_8: you must have some pay for serving with the spansch armyg
	layer_10: you must have somer pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_12: you must have somer pay for serving with the spanish army

file: 1686-142278-0067.flac
expected: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his own a hundred is left
	layer_2: fe drick mussnot serffer fand labet to sidale in a for cuntr sowin jeustli treto b is on andesis left
	layer_4: fredrit must not serfer sand marbert de sidely in a farn cuntry so in justly treeted by is awn a handes as left
	layer_6: frederic must not suffer said marbert decidely in a forein country so in justly treated by his an he hunders is left
	layer_8: frederick must not suffer said marbert decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm ahundrers is left
	layer_10: frederick must not suffer said margart decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm a hundres is left
	layer_12: frederick must not suffer said margart decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm a hundres is left

file: 1686-142278-0068.flac
expected: no
	layer_2: no
	layer_4: no
	layer_6: no
	layer_8: no
	layer_10: no
	layer_12: no

file: 1686-142278-0069.flac
expected: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_2: said ist hl that would not ansir i must du somnethaing
	layer_4: said mis thail that would not answert i must do somethingk
	layer_6: said misst ale that would not answer i must do somethingk
	layer_8: said mister ale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_10: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_12: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something

file: 1686-142278-0070.flac
expected: i can always decide better by myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_2: i c n all was de si bet tpy myself ad not inmthlacs by thos wol my loe said he as a haff pollidiy for having terain so migce rbreforl yart toldt any one of his pamdy of his enmtntions
	layer_4: i canol was decide bett ifo myself and not imflunce by those whom my love said he as a half e poligdy for having arain so michd before yet told any one of his foam thy of his antentions
	layer_6: i can nalways decide betefor myself and not influunced by those whom i love said he as a half epoligy for having arraine so muhct before ye told any one of his famty of his inmtentions
	layer_8: i can always decide better fy myself and not influence by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arrained so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_10: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arraigned so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_12: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arraigned so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions

file: 1686-142278-0071.flac
expected: i cannot stand objections
	layer_2: i can olt s tame ofbjections
	layer_4: i can nolt stan objections
	layer_6: i cannoltstan objections
	layer_8: i cannoutstand objections
	layer_10: i cannoutstand objections
	layer_12: i canoutstand objections

file: 1686-142278-0072.flac
expected: they make me so undecided
	layer_2: ae mae me son te sidet
	layer_4: a make me so n decidid
	layer_6: i make me so an decide id
	layer_8: i make me so unddecidet
	layer_10: i make me so undecided
	layer_12: i made me so undecided

file: 1686-142278-0073.flac
expected: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of doubt became more than i could bear without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_2: misto hal comtoud ae few moncsa gol when my mis you hof dat beucan moe that li couldbay rwithout s beeaking i rol to is t bell youw membomis to bell mogert
	layer_4: mis to hale continud a few monsago when my misru of dabp becang moe than i could bey without speaking i rot to misstobell youmembmisto bell magart
	layer_6: mister hale conmtinued a few monthsago when my miserye of dap became more than i could bey without speaking i wrope to mister bell you remember mister bell magaret
	layer_8: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dapt became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister belle margaret
	layer_10: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dapt became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_12: mister hale continued a few months ago when my mistery of dapt became more than i could ber without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret

file: 1686-142278-0074.flac
expected: no i never saw him i think
	layer_2: now i dnovethe saw hem lifething
	layer_4: no i never saw him li thing
	layer_6: no i never saw him i thing
	layer_8: no i never saw him i think
	layer_10: no i never saw him i think
	layer_12: no i never saw him i think

file: 1686-142278-0075.flac
expected: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in value since milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_2: and anyerat he has folpetye ve which has rery witckin preased an vealdin es ancs nol tan has becomt such a laiseuman ye factring ton
	layer_4: and anyrat he has foperty veir which has rery mikan reased han velvees andce nildtin has becom such  lagman yu factring town
	layer_6: and any rate he has foperty there which has very mi ecanprieased tanvalvieus ind smilton has become such largemanufacturing town
	layer_8: at any rate he has polperty there which has very muhe increased and valviess anc smilton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_10: at any rate he has poperty there which has very much incriesed an valvuus ince milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_12: at any rate he has poperty there which has very much incriased and valvuus ince milton has become such a large manufacturing town

file: 1686-142278-0076.flac
expected: i don't know that he gave me much strength
	layer_2: i dol no that he gaimy id srienph
	layer_4: i don't know that he ga me miht stranth
	layer_6: i don't know that he gave me myt spranth
	layer_8: i don't know that he gave me my strenth
	layer_10: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_12: i don't know that he gave me my strength

file: 1686-142278-0077.flac
expected: a private tutor
	layer_2: a priv vi chutr
	layer_4: a priv a chutr
	layer_6: a priva cutor
	layer_8: a private tutor
	layer_10: a private tutor
	layer_12: a private tutor

file: 1686-142278-0078.flac
expected: said margaret looking scornful what in the world do manufacturers want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_2: said magret tooking scolful wat in  thewrll din magny factas want withe cassics o litritr or the a comlishoes o rageintlman
	layer_4: said margaret tooking sconful what in the worldi manyu factres wat with e classics of litriture or the accomelisefso agentlmen
	layer_6: said margaret looking scornful what in the world ind manufactures want with the classics or literature ar the accomlishnmns of a gentlemen
	layer_8: said margaret looking scornful what in the world dind manufactures want with the classics or literature are the accomlitioments of a gentleman
	layer_10: said margaret looking scornful what in the world did manufactures want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_12: said margaret looking scornful what in the world did manufactures want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman

file: 1686-142278-0079.flac
expected: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscious of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at oxford is
	layer_2: o said he father seme of thein lay seen to be find felloes con t anse of theirown difficionces which is mordthan manmyi manat boxsidis
	layer_4: oh said her father some of then lany seem to be fined fellows contence of the ron defficiencies which is more than many man at boxthad is
	layer_6: oh said her father some of them wany seemed to be fined fellows contence of their own defficiencies which is more than many man at boxtat is
	layer_8: oh said her father some of them lady seemed to be fine fellows constents of their own deficiencies which is more than many  man at boxford is
	layer_10: oh said her father some of them lrady seem to be fine fellows constente of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at boxford is
	layer_12: oh said her father some of them lady seem to be fine fellows contence of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at boxford is

file: 1686-142278-0080.flac
expected: some want their children to be better instructed than they themselves have been
	layer_2: som one the churdren to be pet insroctev tehen tay ehnsel her beieng
	layer_4: som one the churrend to be pet in structed than theybe henselve har beeng
	layer_6: som ont the thirun to be pet instructed than they beemselve have been
	layer_8: some wone ther chilren to be better instructeve than they themselves have been
	layer_10: some want the children to be better instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_12: some want the children to be better instructive than they themselves have been

file: 1686-142278-0081.flac
expected: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and scenes so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_2: and in millt ton waret i shall find to biselife f no tha happy one and peopl and sein so dir frent that i shall never berin min of helston
	layer_4: and in milt tan wareret i shall fing to busy life f not i happy one and pepl and seen so different that i shall never be re mined of helston
	layer_6: and in milt in warbaret i shall find a busy life if not a happyone and people and seen so different that i shall never be reminied of helston
	layer_8: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeng so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_10: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeing so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_12: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seiing so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone

file: 1686-142278-0082.flac
expected: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_2: dhiscodent as it was with all mist a deea tehestation for al cihad ever herd of the nar f or veingland the mani factres the keeople the will d an beet country theire was iswone recomandation hive would be dif from from helston and couldneverya mind themof that by loed place
	layer_4: discordant as it was with allmist a deteestation for aushihad ever heard of the norfo england the manufactures the keeople the wiledand bleate country there was is one recommendation ie would be differem from helston and could nevery mind them of that belovied place
	layer_6: discordent as it was with almist a detestation for aushe had ever heard of the north of england the manu factures the people the wild and blat country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helston and could neverymind them of that beloved place
	layer_8: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and blet country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helston and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_10: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_12: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and beak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place

file: 1686-142278-0083.flac
expected: when do we go
	layer_2: wen doee go
	layer_4: wen do we go
	layer_6: when do e go
	layer_8: when do we go
	layer_10: when do we go
	layer_12: when do we go

file: 1686-142278-0084.flac
expected: i do not know exactly
	layer_2: i do not knowryxate
	layer_4: i do not know exatig
	layer_6: i do not know exati
	layer_8: i do not know exactly
	layer_10: i do not know exactly
	layer_12: i do not know exactly

file: 1686-142278-0085.flac
expected: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_2: i wonisi taket o tho wit dee
	layer_4: i wone is i tok it ove with y
	layer_6: i ant is i talok it over with you
	layer_8: i want es to talok it over with you
	layer_10: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_12: i wanted to talk it over with you

file: 1686-142278-0086.flac
expected: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_2: the see ur mothe nowvs nothing about its et but i tin in a fourght niht alf to mai dyed o rocsicnationis sintim i shall have to wik to eng lamn
	layer_4: he see yor mother knose nothing about it get but i fin in a fourt night af to my ded a rescicnationes sent in i shall have tno wi to eng an
	layer_6: o see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight ofter my ded of resignation is sent him i shall have no rit to eng ltane
	layer_8: yo see your mother knowes nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight offto my deed of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to inlan
	layer_10: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight off to my deed of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to inlvain
	layer_12: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight off to my deed of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to invain

file: 1686-142278-0087.flac
expected: margaret was almost stunned
	layer_2: marget wes le stornd
	layer_4: marget was all o stand
	layer_6: margaret was almostand
	layer_8: margaret was almost tand
	layer_10: margaret was almost stand
	layer_12: margaret was almost stand

file: 1686-142278-0088.flac
expected: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_2: but she recoved hi self re meuef ny
	layer_4: but she recoved hisself remmudtednly
	layer_6: but she recovered herself remutively
	layer_8: but she recovered herself remudiately
	layer_10: but she recovered herself immetiatly
	layer_12: but she recovered herself immetiatly

file: 1686-142278-0089.flac
expected: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_2: yes bupat it had bet of be fik soonin thesieedly as he say
	layer_4: yes pupat it had bedo be fix soon and desideldly as yoe say
	layer_6: yes papart it had beter be fix soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_8: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_10: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_12: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say

file: 1686-142278-0090.flac
expected: poor poor maria
	layer_2: fl formarwear
	layer_4: fo pormen wea
	layer_6: fol pormon wea
	layer_8: pold por muwea
	layer_10: po por moryae
	layer_12: po por morrea

file: 1686-142278-0091.flac
expected: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_2: o i fi when not marid be fi wio pbut my selfie he wod how esit would be
	layer_4: oh if fi woeld not marrad e fi we but myself in the world how easit would be
	layer_6: oh if i were not married iff i were but myself in the world how eas it would be
	layer_8: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_10: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_12: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be

file: 1686-142278-0092.flac
expected: no said margaret sadly i will do it
	layer_2: no said lal weet tl i wil do wit
	layer_4: no said mal waat sa you i will do it
	layer_6: no said law wit sagt y i will do it
	layer_8: no said mawwrtsatle i will do it
	layer_10: no said mabert atly i will do it
	layer_12: no said maubert aly i will do it

file: 1686-142278-0093.flac
expected: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_2: ho must mun ti see erself in to doubting the reatety of my wrdts my fixthintention hand rhesal
	layer_4: yho must not teseiv yourself into doubting the reatlity of my words my fixdintention and resol
	layer_6: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_8: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_10: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_12: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve

file: 1686-142278-0094.flac
expected: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_2: he lofedat her ind the same steay stole maner for sot momans of to had an speking
	layer_4: he looked at her in the same steady stony manno for sote mom and's ofto hyad un speking
	layer_6: he looked at her in the same steady stony manno for some moments after hehad unspeaking
	layer_8: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he hadonspeaking
	layer_10: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_12: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking

file: 1686-142278-0095.flac
expected: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_2: the plessing of got bupon ve my chiled
	layer_4: the plessing of god be upon the my child
	layer_6: the plessing of god be upon theeve my child
	layer_8: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_10: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_12: the blessing of god be upon thee my child

file: 1686-142278-0096.flac
expected: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be irreverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter and she threw her arms round his neck
	layer_2: the nexe momenth she fard lest te sanser to his plessig mit be you rovrend rong mintd herd him as comme pon his dourter as she thru heroms a rount es nek
	layer_4: the next molmhench she fared less the sanser to his blessing might be u overent rong mint heard him as cominpon his daughter as she threw her ams a round is neck
	layer_6: the next momen she fared lesst thisanswer to his blessing might be eiverent rong might heard him as coming pom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_8: the next moment she feared less this answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming prom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_10: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter ans she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_12: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck

file: 1686-142278-0097.flac
expected: she heard him murmur to himself the martyrs and confessors had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_2: she heard hem lomento himselvf the martes and confaas ad e menwor pain to bare i wil nottring
	layer_4: she head hem mloment to himself the martes in confacece had be menore pain to bar i will nottrieng
	layer_6: she heard him momen to himself the marters and confaceece had even morepain to bear i will not trink
	layer_8: she heard him moment to himself the martis and confesses had even more paind to bear i will not shrink
	layer_10: she heard him murmur to himself the marters and confesses hade even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_12: she heard him murmur to himself the martyrs and confesses hade even more pain to bear i will not shrink

file: 1686-142278-0098.flac
expected: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_2: they we statl byn haiyng withs as harlan quaringd for heor dourter
	layer_4: they wastartele by hearing with his hail ind quiring for her doughter
	layer_6: they were startled by hearring with his hail inquiring for her daughter
	layer_8: they were startled by hearing mitsus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_10: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_12: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter

file: 1651-136854-0000.flac
expected: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestick teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_2: in siventeen fifty he camfort in the careor fowhic he wast amin te lik qualefid on tajestic teacture of mhorl and wreligus wiston
	layer_4: in siventeen fifty he came fort in the caractur a forwhich he was emminatla ualefid an me justictechure of morl and we ligious wiston
	layer_6: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the charactere for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_8: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_10: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_12: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom

file: 1651-136854-0001.flac
expected: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_2: the ve akcl whuc he chos was that of a parioutical paper which he kne hld beenu pon forer accations inploid with grit s eccess
	layer_4: the vecle wich he chose was that of a periotical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions imployed with gret s uccess
	layer_6: the vihicle which he chose was that of a periotical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with grit success
	layer_8: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_10: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_12: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success

file: 1651-136854-0002.flac
expected: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_2: when i was to begin pubishing that paper i was a ta los howctonepit
	layer_4: when i was to begin publishing that pape i was at ta las how ctonab it
	layer_6: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to nave it
	layer_8: when i was to begin publishing that paple i was at a loss how to nae it
	layer_10: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_12: when i was to begin publishing that papier i was at a loss how to name it

file: 1651-136854-0003.flac
expected: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_2: i s sat dou it nighe tapone my beend side and resaod the ti would not gota sleep toll head fixt en's til
	layer_4: i ssat dou it nigh toupon my bedside and resoved that i would not goo toslep till h ad fixed antcs tile
	layer_6: i sat douwt at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i ad fixed its title
	layer_8: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_10: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_12: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title

file: 1651-136854-0004.flac
expected: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as odd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_2: adisons not was aeffiction in which unconecoen frigmente of his le coubrations were prpicely jumble together in his ademanorashe coud inrdertobretusa laiaboll fact
	layer_4: adisonc not was affiction in which unconnectond fragments of his lucoubrations wer parposlay gumbled together in his a de maneras he culd in order to bretuca laugfabaleiffect
	layer_6: adisence note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were perposely jumbled together in his a demanneras he could in order to produce a lahable effect
	layer_8: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as awd a manner as he could in order to produce a lafhable effect
	layer_10: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumpled together in as awed ad manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_12: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumpled together in as awd and manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect

file: 1651-136854-0005.flac
expected: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_2: weresh jonsen she gbreviations er alldther stint and a plicl to ech subject of which the had his menge
	layer_4: weres jansens a breviations or all estinged and a plicable to each subjact of which the had his mentit
	layer_6: where h johnsons ofbreviations are all distinct and applikable to each subject of which they had is mentione
	layer_8: where johnsons abreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which they had is mention
	layer_10: where johnson's abreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_12: where johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned

file: 1651-136854-0006.flac
expected: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_2: for instens tr is the folowng spesee
	layer_4: for instance thereis the following spessoen
	layer_6: for instance there is the following specilen
	layer_8: for instance there is the following specilen
	layer_10: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_12: for instance there is the following specimen

file: 1651-136854-0007.flac
expected: publick calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_2: pomlhe conimites no sents of her previents of bad hapits nidgligint of time ready t nder tak carles toprsu aldcans  by time
	layer_4: publte conameties no sente of the previlence of bad hapits niglagent of time ready t oundertake careless to persu all changed by time
	layer_6: public connamities no sense of the previlence of bad hapits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursu all changed by time
	layer_8: public conamities no sense of the previlence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_10: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_12: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time

file: 1651-136854-0008.flac
expected: confident of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_2: qonfinins of others oncsuspectingers on experiinsed imagioning himself securigeds neglet never amagons they wo venter to treeatim al re y to frost expecting to be trostit
	layer_4: qonfidance of others onsuspecting as on expiriencet hemagining himself securer agets neglect never amagons they were venture to tret him itl ready to frosd expecting tol be trost ed
	layer_6: qonfidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienctd imagining himself secur against neglet never imagines they were venture to treat him ill ready to trost expecting to be trostid
	layer_8: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they wirl venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_10: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_12: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted

file: 1651-136854-0009.flac
expected: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_2: you fhom bishies as thinkin aners e se tol be had
	layer_4: you tham bitius as thinking oners ese to behad
	layer_6: yu fambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_8: yueambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_10: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_12: youth ambitious as thinking honors easy to be had

file: 1651-136854-0010.flac
expected: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_2: defect cinto prais pers dat tiffrn peirige
	layer_4: deffect kind o prayse perceud at diffen peries
	layer_6: deffect kinds of praise pursued at differen periance
	layer_8: diffrent kinds of praise pursued at different pyris
	layer_10: different kinds of praise pursued at different pyriods
	layer_12: different kinds of praise pursued at different pyriods

file: 1651-136854-0011.flac
expected: of the fancy in manhood
	layer_2: of the fanceon ba
	layer_4: of the fance in badou
	layer_6: of the fanciand badrod
	layer_8: of the fancian badrod
	layer_10: of the fancian badroid
	layer_12: of the fancian badroid

file: 1651-136854-0012.flac
expected: bruy
	layer_2: ring
	layer_4: rin
	layer_6: gri
	layer_8: grink
	layer_10: grik
	layer_12: grik

file: 1651-136854-0013.flac
expected: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_2: scollrs frenshoe lik ladis
	layer_4: scallws frenchip like ladies
	layer_6: scollor's frienship like ladies
	layer_8: scholor's friendship like ladies
	layer_10: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_12: scholar's friendship like ladies

file: 1651-136854-0014.flac
expected: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_2: draon to man by woerds repeld by pashions
	layer_4: dron to man by words repeled by passions
	layer_6: drawng to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_8: drawn to man by woords repelld by passions
	layer_10: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_12: drawn to man by words repelled by passions

file: 1651-136854-0015.flac
expected: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_2: ommin dang ou nights bmy crusshing other passions bt they were turn
	layer_4: commondange you nights bmy crusshing otheir passions bot they were turn
	layer_6: common danger units by crushing other passions baut they re turn
	layer_8: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_10: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_12: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return

file: 1651-136854-0016.flac
expected: equality hinders compliance
	layer_2: iquallity indis complite
	layer_4: equality indes complie
	layer_6: equality inders compliacs
	layer_8: equality hinders compliance
	layer_10: equality hinders compliance
	layer_12: equality hinders compliance

file: 1651-136854-0017.flac
expected: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_2: suparurtpoulduces inilence and enthe
	layer_4: supariorty puoduces incelence and enthe
	layer_6: superiorite produces insolence and enth
	layer_8: superiority produces insolence and enth
	layer_10: superiority produces insolence and envi
	layer_12: superiority produces insolence and envi

file: 1651-136854-0018.flac
expected: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_2: tw acte r gi d an each to privet intreist to lidtle
	layer_4: too uch regd an each to privit interist tolitdle
	layer_6: two much regard and each to private interest to little
	layer_8: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_10: too much regard ind each to private interest too little
	layer_12: too much regard ind each to private interest too little

file: 1651-136854-0019.flac
expected: of confederacy with superiours every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_2: of confher rcy was topirias aver o nos dhe in conbenons
	layer_4: of confeterecy was superius aver one nose the in conbinioncs
	layer_6: of confedracy wis superiours aver one knowse the inconvinioncs
	layer_8: of confederacy with superiors averone knows the inconvenience
	layer_10: of confederacy with superiors everyone knows the inconvenience
	layer_12: of confederacy with superiors everyone knows the inconvenience

file: 1651-136854-0020.flac
expected: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_2: withe epols no thoarty ever aymand his orn epinion his o interist
	layer_4: with gles nothorty every mand his own opinion his o interest
	layer_6: with eqls noauthority every ma in his own opinion his own interest
	layer_8: with equals no authority every man in his own opinion his own interest
	layer_10: with equals no authority every man in his own opinion his own interest
	layer_12: with equals no authority every man in his own opinion his own interest

file: 1651-136854-0021.flac
expected: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_2: mand and wife hardl you nitd scare sevo with out tlperant
	layer_4: man and wife hardl u nighted scaseva without croern
	layer_6: man and wife hardlyunited scarc eva without chilrn
	layer_8: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_10: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_12: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children

file: 1651-136854-0022.flac
expected: computation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_2: copyoutathion yif tuto n agains too how mat yol gin'st five
	layer_4: comp yutation yi'f to to wane agains too how medyou'l gainst five
	layer_6: computation if too to one against too how medyelgainst five
	layer_8: computation if two to one against two how meddiagainst five
	layer_10: computation if two to one against two how meddie against five
	layer_12: computation if two to one against two how meddil against five

file: 1651-136854-0023.flac
expected: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_2: in this as in manty otaccaces i gol ron in oposition to konvicton for i think cas any temperalcood equly to be des ied wich he regad and the mily earity of wor the  man
	layer_4: in this as in many othercaeses i go rong in ofposition to conviction for i think scairse any tempral good equally to be desired with the regord and fimilliarity of wor the men
	layer_6: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any tempral good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_8: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_10: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_12: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men

file: 1651-136854-0024.flac
expected: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our hearts
	layer_2: i hop wh shall be sonet hone year to e ch other nha amor ready wayl poring outa hartts
	layer_4: i hope we shall be somethom year to each other and hav a mor ready way a poouring out oar heart
	layer_6: i hope we shall be sometom near to each other and have a more ready way of poring out our heart
	layer_8: i hope we shall be sometom nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_10: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_12: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart

file: 1651-136854-0025.flac
expected: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_2: egraeus benfit which one frent cen confr pon inother eisto grd and excight and elevat his vertus
	layer_4: the grake hisbenif it which one friendt ken confir upon inother is to gad and excigt and elevite his verctues
	layer_6: the greates benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guod and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_8: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_10: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_12: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues

file: 1651-136854-0026.flac
expected: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and a death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_2: the is youo mother wls dil poform if yuntiligentlypres erof the memvery of herlife and o her death an ig eso foi se i colern  full wise and inisent an the detth resiined peeful and hordy
	layer_4: this your mother willstill perform if you dulagently preserve the memery of her life and ofher death alite so for as i collarn wouh full whise and unecent andthe death resind peefull and horly
	layer_6: this your mother will still perform if you giligiently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so for as i coul learn outsefull wise and inocent and the death resigned peaceful and horly
	layer_8: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a litea so far as i could learn woutheful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_10: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lifea so far as i could learn utheful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_12: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i could learn yutheful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy

file: 1651-136854-0027.flac
expected: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_2: i canotfor bhotimachintid ni ther weasn nr revilation dini syu to hop thit amayin cree her haponess by abaying her precets and that she may an her presnent state lolk with plesr apon every act rvrt to whichher ins troctions or example have contriuted
	layer_4: i cannot for teto mition tha neither rweson nor revilation denis you to hope that toul ma in creae her happeness by obeying her precets and that she may and her presnt state lot with pleasure  pon every actr vertue to which her instructions or example have contriuted
	layer_6: i cannot for bher tomitionthat neither reason nor revelation denis you to hope that shou may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may ind her present state look with pleasure upon every actr virtue to which her instructions or example have contrubuted
	layer_8: i cannot forbear to mition that neither reason nor revelation denis you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precects and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actof virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_10: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation dens you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_12: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denyes you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed

file: 1651-136854-0028.flac
expected: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_2: if you wri doun minuly wha youwr meber of her frm your er lias yerrs you will reded with guateleshi and wreceive fromitmany ins of sithing brecolecion when time mi choermove eriyet fatherfrom you an yo or greafshall be  rachured to venerration
	layer_4: if you rikte down min youtly wat youe member of her from your erlias ears you will readid with grac pletia and receive from it many inse of sithing brecolection when thimech hourmove heryet faler from you and our grief shall be mmechured to veneration
	layer_6: if you rite down minutely what you re member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasiure and receive from it many hints of sothing recollection when timeshau remove her yet fatlher from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_8: if you write down minutely what you ra member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of sothing recollection when time shall remove her yet father from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_10: if you write down minutely what youre a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_12: if you write down minutely what youre a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration

file: 1651-136854-0029.flac
expected: no thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_2: no perethirty to onpationce even under exstren misary is onderfully loffty and as mot hiboved the rant of stoicees un as the son of ruveolthionis pritur f then the twiliht of paginiffolossifay
	layer_4: noberthirty two on patiens even under extram missery is onderfully lofty and as much boved the rant of stocesm as the son of rovolation is brightere than the twilight of pagonfhullosopha
	layer_6: noberthirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stosism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan pil osophy
	layer_8: nomber thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of sthocism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_10: nember thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_12: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy

file: 1651-136854-0030.flac
expected: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_2: it mustindede be alout that the structurrfehis senncers is expanded and often hes some wat of the invirtion of latdn and thet he de lited to ekxpress foemilliourfhougtsin i fil lasoffic alaiwige being an this the reversof soccrtys whoite wase said whrl dused fulosove to the simplicity of coman life
	layer_4: it must indeed bealoud that the structure ive his senteances is expanded and often has somewat of the inversion of latten and that he delighted to expresspfamilliur thoughts in  phillasofficaliuage being in this the revers of socritiyes who it were said woulduced fulosoed to the simplicity of commint life
	layer_6: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his senences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latton and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts an philosophical laguage being in this the reverse of socrities who it ware said reduced phulosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_8: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socraties who it wes said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_10: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_12: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life

file: 1651-136854-0031.flac
expected: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_2: this itled sharch has been eccod from one babilear to wa nother who haw con founded juntsonse essays with jusns dictionary and because he fougtie rigty in e luxs ican o ar lmiwhich to coluc many words which had fallan inted dec us but were supported by gratofortios mit is bed imagond at thate al of thees have been into wovin into his own compositions
	layer_4: this idled charge has bee ecoed from one babolard to another who haw con founded jonsens essays with jonsns dictionary and because he fhogtis riht in a lex a caln of our linguigh to collut many words which had fallan inte disuse but were supported by greato thorities mit is be imagoned that all of these have been intowovan into his own compositions
	layer_6: this idled charge has been ecoed from one babeler to another who have confounded johnson's esses with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it rigt in elexicon of our language to colluc many words which had fallen into dissuse but were supported by greatathorities it has ben imagined that all of these have been into woven into his own compositions
	layer_8: this idle charge has been echoed from one babler to another who have confounded johnson's essas with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it rigt in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intowoven into his own compositions
	layer_10: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbeler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_12: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbeler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions

file: 1651-136854-0032.flac
expected: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade
	layer_2: their stiles differs plaine cloth and broead
	layer_4: theire stiles differs plain cloth and broeade
	layer_6: their stiles differs plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_8: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_10: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokade
	layer_12: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade

file: 7601-101619-0000.flac
expected: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_2: our stremus plasur has somesort of groning in compliting init wud you not say tht it is ding of pan
	layer_4: oure xtre mis plasure has some sort of growning an compliting init wouldh you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_6: ourktremes pleasure has some sort of groaning and complating in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_8: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaning in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_10: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_12: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain

file: 7601-101619-0001.flac
expected: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitas se nisi temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_2: the higest in fullist contentment offfrs more of the grve than of the mary ipsafalicetas say teseet imperrut preit even fullisity and luss it moterat et self a presses
	layer_4: the highest an fullist contentment offers more of the grave than of the mary ipseflicitoss say necytemperot premit even fullicity and less it moderatetself a presses
	layer_6: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the marry ipsa pfeliqatos say nescy temperot premite even phelicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_8: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsafalicitos say nissy temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_10: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitos say nissy temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_12: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa fhelicitos say nissy temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses

file: 7601-101619-0002.flac
expected: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodorus said that in sorrow there is some mixture of pleasure
	layer_2: soccritye says that some gaod triee dto mictt in one mas and o con fouwnd pin an plasur but not beeing a bil t do it he bethaugt him it leasd to cuple the bo the tal meterdor sad that in soro their sumnemexur of plasur
	layer_4: sucrity says that some god tried tomix in one mass and  confound pain andplasure but not being able to do it he bethought him it least ti cuple them by the tale meteradoor said that in sorow their somemicur of plasure
	layer_6: socraty says that some god tried domix in one mass anto confound pain and plasure but not being able to do it he bethought him it least to couple them by the tail metrodor said that in sorrow their some mixure of pleasure
	layer_8: socrate says that some god tried to mix in one mass andto confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodor said that in sorrow their some mixure of pleasure
	layer_10: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodori said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_12: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodori said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure

file: 7601-101619-0003.flac
expected: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_2: natyure descover cis confusind to use panter's hol thit the sam motions an grmisses of the face that sir for weping sir for lafter tok and endeed befor the one of the other be finishd do but a bserved the patrs maner of handling and yu will be an dout to uich of the to the disine tens and the exstrem of lafter dus it last bring ters
	layer_4: natyour discoversis confusond to us painters hole that the same motions and grmises of the face that serve for weeping sire for laughter too and andeed before the one orf the other be finished du but observed the panters manner of handling and you will be indoubt to whitch of the to the desine tens and the extrem of laghter does at last bring tears
	layer_6: nature discovers this confusion to us painters whole that the same motions and grimases of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observed the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to whitch of the two the designe tens and the extreme of laughter does it last bring tears
	layer_8: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the design tens and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_10: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be indoubd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_12: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be indoubd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears

file: 7601-101619-0004.flac
expected: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_2: and therefor comon endless  speculitiv sos ar foundo be more proper for and morseccesful in the manage bmentofafairs and the elovated inex quasit of pinions of fullosipy un fit for bises the shar thevaity of sol and the supple an restles vol you billiy atending at di sterbonagocations
	layer_4: and therefor common and less speculitive souls ar foundto be more proper for and more successful in the managebment of afairs and the elevated an excuusit opinions of fulosipy unfit for business the sharve vacity of soul and the supple andresless valyou bility attending it desterbon agotiations
	layer_6: and therefore common andless speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisit opinions of philocophy unfit for business this sharp vavacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturbarnegotiations
	layer_8: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_10: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it tosturb our negotiations
	layer_12: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it tisturb our negotiations

file: 7601-101619-0005.flac
expected: he who dives into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_2: he who ds in to and in his inqsition coperhens allscircomstances and consiquences hinders his l luction a lialengen wel andl this suffision fircxecutioncs whather of les or grat herwit
	layer_4: he who dison to and in his inquisition comperhends all circumstances and consequences hinders his alection a littalengand well andale this suffisciant fir xecutions whether of less or greater waite
	layer_6: he who disin to and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engeand well mandled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weigt
	layer_8: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_10: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_12: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight

file: 7601-291468-0000.flac
expected: when the lofty thucydides is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_2: when the lofti thu sididis is abut to itter apon his tdescription of the plag that deselyat ad athens whone of his motern commntators osurs thof reater that the historis nowgoing t be exeedingly som serious an pethutic and hince withait air ofe chupling gretulation with which a good dane dose forththa choice morcul fo a cobared to were gailla faveret that this plag will give his histry amoste greaable voriety
	layer_4: when the lofty thuh cidities isabut tointterupon his description of the pleg that decolated athens one of his moudern commentaters asurse the rater that the histr ous now going to be exceedingly sollom srious ind pathutic and hince with that airof chuckling greaculation with which af good dame draws fort the choice morcel from a coubared to were gale efavorrt that this plag will give his histry amost a greeable vor iety
	layer_6: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the pleg that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the histori is now going to be exceedingly solem serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws fortht a choice morcal from a coubard to ere gale a favorit that this plagu will give his history amost agreeable variety
	layer_8: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commendtators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hinte with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupbart to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_10: when the lofty tucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_12: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety

file: 7601-291468-0001.flac
expected: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_2: sahor the tr subjeck for they hi stor pen
	layer_4: suc o the tru subjec for they historic pen
	layer_6: such of the tru subjects for the hestoric pen
	layer_8: such are the tru subjects for the historic pen
	layer_10: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_12: such are the true subjects for the historic pen

file: 7601-291468-0002.flac
expected: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_2: the fo of empirs the desilation of happy cuntries splended sities  smokyg in thir rans the proatis works ofe oart tumbledin the dust the sraks un grongs of hol nations a sending un to hevan
	layer_4: the fall of empirs the decilation of happy countries splended cities smoking in their ruans the protised works of art tumbled in the dust the sreks and grons of whole nations as sending undo heven
	layer_6: the foll of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudese works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and growns of whole nations a sending unto heaven
	layer_8: the foll of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shreaks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_10: the fol of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shriaks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_12: the foll of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shriaks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven

file: 7601-291468-0003.flac
expected: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_2: thes tho swrms of fls which ur so of an execratedt is uclss overman or creeaded for th sustan suspiters and spiters on the other hand ar evad tently made tod divouer fls
	layer_4: thus those swarms of flis which our so of an execrated as useless verman or creeated for the sustans a spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made do devour flwis
	layer_6: thus those swarms of flies which are so off an execrated as useless verman are created for the sustanates of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_8: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustanace of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_10: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_12: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies

file: 7601-291468-0004.flac
expected: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nouns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apophthegms which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_2: anchet toditions spek muchis lerning and of the gallent inods he had maide indo the dead languigus in which he had ma captive a hoset of greak nons and lotein verbs and brought of rich buty in anten sws an apotigms which he was ant to poraide in his pub the c orangs as a triolfit eunnale of yor his  spolli u lpimu
	layer_4: ancent troditions speak much of is learning and of the galent inrodes he had made intof the deadlanguagis in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and laten verbs and broght off rich bouty in ancieent saus and apothigims which he was want to parad in his publi corangs as a triemfet general of yor his spoallia opima
	layer_6: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroades he had made into the deadlanguages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apotagims which he was want to perad in his publicarangs as a triumphet general of your his spolia opima
	layer_8: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient sas and apothagums which he was wont to parade in his public arangus as a triumphant general of yor his spolia opima
	layer_10: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothedums which he was wont to parade in his public arangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_12: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothedums which he was wont to parade in his public arangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima

file: 7601-291468-0005.flac
expected: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_2: it was abserved heever that he selld o gout indo an aur ument without gety ando a perpuxity and then indo a pation with his ad rsary for not bein convinctt gratis
	layer_4: it was observed owever that he seldom got into an aurgument without getig into a perpluxity and then into a pation with his advesary for not being convincetd gratice
	layer_6: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a pasion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_8: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_10: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_12: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus

file: 7601-291468-0006.flac
expected: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_2: his abod which he had ficx at a boury or country seet ant a short distincse from the ity just at what is nowcalld dutch street soun abounded with profse of his ingo nowity patnd smok jaks thait wrequard a horse to workt them dutch ovencs that rosted met without fire carte that went befor the horses whether cos that turned againce the wind an other rong headed cuotrivadses that a stonishd in colnfoundend all be holdrs
	layer_4: h is abod which he had ficed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city jusdt et what is now called dutchstreet soon abounded with profs of his inginuity patend smoe jaks that required a horse to work them dutch ovancs that rosted meet without fire carts that went before the horses whether coks that turned agains the wind and other rong headded corotrivadces that a stonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_6: he is abod which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called duch street soon abounded with proofs of his inginity pattent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed coroldtrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_8: his aboede which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercoks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_10: his abode which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meet without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_12: his abode which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meet without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders

file: 7601-291468-0007.flac
expected: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_2: it is in anowlage as in swoming he who flounders in splices of the surfics mixh mrne noys in atrac moore tension than the purl dover lho quitly disin quest of trasues to the otom
	layer_4: it is in nowlege as in swoming he who flounders andsplices on the surface mixs more nois an attrack moretension than the purldiver who quietly dis in quest of trasoures to the votom
	layer_6: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splices on the surface makes more noise and attracks mor attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in questive trasures to the vottom
	layer_8: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_10: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_12: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom

file: 7601-101622-0000.flac
expected: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_2: the wromons by thes means aructed der collines for prceting their city to grot imasurably populus they eased ditt of the most unnececarypepl and sentom to hom habit an caltivat t elean's conkred bo them someconj alsal they purpersely main tan wars fwa some oftheir enimis not only to keep their own men aaction for fere lest eitalenus the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse in conthniance
	layer_4: the romans by this means arected their colenis for perceeving their city to groe immasurably populus they eased it of the most unnecessarypeople hand centhem to m habit and cultivate the lans conqred by them sometimesalso they purpcely maintaine wars with some of their enmies not only to keep their own men anaction for fere lest idaleness the mother of coruption should bring upon them some worse incoanvinience
	layer_6: the romans by this means errected their colonies for perceivding their city to grow immeasurably populus they eased it of the most unnecessary people thand sent them to m habit and cultivate the lands conqured by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men inaction for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should brang upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_8: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people thend sent them to inmhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_10: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_12: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience

file: 7601-101622-0001.flac
expected: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_2: and we suffor the lves of along peas lugxrus more pronisious then wor
	layer_4: and we suffer the ils of along piece luturios more pronicious than woar
	layer_6: and we suffer the ills of a long pece luxury is more prenicious than war
	layer_8: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_10: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_12: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war

file: 7601-101622-0002.flac
expected: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_2: and thesaso was onres on whyour king fillop consented to cend his sun jon oborn oiforn ecxs bodition that he mighte take along with hem a great number of hot yong men who werh then in his pay
	layer_4: and this also was onres on whi or king fhillip concented to send his sunjown opon oforin exbedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_6: and this also was one res in why oure king phillip conscented to send his sonjohn upon a foreand expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_8: and this also was one reason why or king philip consented to send his son john upon a forein expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_10: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_12: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay

file: 7601-101622-0003.flac
expected: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_2: what other endashy impeus artof thegladyatrs fropo sto idself what thae slather of yung men what plasure fed with blod
	layer_4: what other end as the impious art of the gladyators proposesto itself what the sloter of young men what plasure fed with blo
	layer_6: what other end os the impious ort of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughtter of young men what plasure fed with blood
	layer_8: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_10: what other end does the impious art of the glatiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_12: what other end does the impious art of the glatiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood

file: 7601-101622-0004.flac
expected: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_2: prince take ty huners delade for thi rain thand be succusser to thi fathers heansforth let nonit rom be clan or sfort
	layer_4: prince take the oners delade for thy rain than be successor to thy fathers hans forth let nonate rom beslaine for sport
	layer_6: prince take the honors delayd for thy rain an be successor to thy fathers hinceforth let none at rom beslaine for sport
	layer_8: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_10: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_12: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport

file: 7601-101622-0005.flac
expected: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_2: let bests blod stainy an folmesarina and nomore homasids be theiractedt
	layer_4: let beasts blod stain the infimacarina and no more homasides be their actant
	layer_6: let beasts blood staing the infamucarina and no more homasides be there acted
	layer_8: let beasts blood stain the infamous erena and no more hamacides be there actet
	layer_10: let beasts blood stain the infamous arina and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_12: let beasts blood stain the infamous arina and no more homicides be there acted

file: 7601-101622-0006.flac
expected: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_2: it was not a nughfr the re fiht andody brively but erefully to in su much the they wer hist an curst if they mad any his atation about wreceeving their dueth
	layer_4: it was not anough for the n nefight anddodi bravly but cserfully to in somuc that they were hist and courst if they mad any hasitation about receeving their death
	layer_6: it was not enough for them to fight and te die bravely but ceerfully too in somuch that they were hist and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_8: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hised and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_10: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_12: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death

file: 7601-101622-0007.flac
expected: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_2: the ver girls themsels sef them on
	layer_4: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_6: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_8: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_10: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_12: the very girls themselves set them on

file: 7601-175351-0000.flac
expected: beginning of revolt
	layer_2: the gining ove revallt
	layer_4: the gining of revalt
	layer_6: the ginning of revult
	layer_8: beginning of revolt
	layer_10: beginning of revolt
	layer_12: beginning of revolt

file: 7601-175351-0001.flac
expected: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_2: at this anexpected comuand the suprs was crato on bord the ford
	layer_4: at this unexpected commound the surprise was greaton board the forward
	layer_6: at this unexpected command the surprise was greaton board the forward
	layer_8: at this unexpected command thes surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_10: at this unexpected command thi surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_12: at this unexpected command this surprise was great on board the forward

file: 7601-175351-0002.flac
expected: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_2: like the firs ixsclimson
	layer_4: likhe the fires exclam som
	layer_6: likt the fires exclem some
	layer_8: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_10: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_12: light the fires exclaimed some

file: 7601-175351-0003.flac
expected: what with asked others
	layer_2: art wih astoese
	layer_4: at with asketothers
	layer_6: hat with aske others
	layer_8: what with asked others
	layer_10: what with askd others
	layer_12: what with asked others

file: 7601-175351-0004.flac
expected: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_2: and stuf the stov with the masts aten warn
	layer_4: and stuf the stove with the masts ed an waren
	layer_6: and stuf the stove with the masts eddin warn
	layer_8: and stuff the stove with the masts ed and warren
	layer_10: and stuff the stove with the masts ed and warren
	layer_12: and stuff the stove with the masts ed and warren

file: 7601-175351-0005.flac
expected: did you hear me
	layer_2: di jyou h me
	layer_4: di you her me
	layer_6: did you hell me
	layer_8: did you hear me
	layer_10: did you hear me
	layer_12: did you hear me

file: 7601-175351-0006.flac
expected: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_2: whosbok crd haterus
	layer_4: who spoke crynd haterous
	layer_6: who spok cried haterus
	layer_8: who spoke cried hatterus
	layer_10: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_12: who spoke cried hatteras

file: 7601-175351-0007.flac
expected: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_2: i did said pen ad vancsingn tward stecoptin
	layer_4: i did said pen advansincn towards the captain
	layer_6: i did said pen advancinntowards the captain
	layer_8: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_10: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_12: i did said pen advancing towards the captain

file: 7601-175351-0008.flac
expected: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_2: i sa anstered pen with inot i say weve hadanoufo it and boe won' go any forther
	layer_4: i say ansered pen with en oth i say we've had annouff of it and we won't go any further
	layer_6: i say answered pin with in oath i say we've had anough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_8: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_10: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_12: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further

file: 7601-175351-0009.flac
expected: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_2: you shent kilous with hunger an work in the witer and they shan lighte the firs
	layer_4: you shent killus with hunger and work in the wintter and they shent lighte the firs
	layer_6: you shant killos with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fares
	layer_8: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_10: you sha'n't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_12: you sha'n't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires

file: 7601-175351-0010.flac
expected: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_2: if fyou repeat what the man sas ansered haters ol hav you shoe up pbenyur caben n garded
	layer_4: if you repeat what the man says answered haterus i' have you shur up ben your caben and garded
	layer_6: if you repeat what the man sas answered haterus i'll have you shu up in your cabin and garded
	layer_8: if you repeat what the man says answered haterus i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_10: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_12: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded

file: 7601-175351-0011.flac
expected: a murmur was heard
	layer_2: a murmorisheard
	layer_4: a marmor was heard
	layer_6: a murmur was heard
	layer_8: a murmur was heard
	layer_10: a murmur was heard
	layer_12: a murmur was heard

file: 7601-175351-0012.flac
expected: the engineer followed by plover and warren went down to his post
	layer_2: she enginare folloo by plover and wrn whent down to is post
	layer_4: the engenar followed by plover and warn went down to his post
	layer_6: the enginir followed by plover and warn went down to his post
	layer_8: the engineer followed by plover and waorn went down to his post
	layer_10: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_12: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post

file: 7601-175351-0013.flac
expected: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_2: the steem was soon got up the ankrs er wad and the forward verd away easd cuting the ungiced with hir stile prow
	layer_4: the steem was soon got up the ancrs were wad and the forward vered away east cutting the ung ice with her steel prow
	layer_6: the steam was soon got up the anchors were wayed and the forward vered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_8: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward vered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_10: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_12: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow

file: 7601-175351-0014.flac
expected: between baring island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_2: between bering iland an beacture point ther or considable contity o ilans in the mist of icefels the streems crowed together in heittl chniels which cut uptis part of the see the had a tended y to a glooriate undor the relt ovly lotemporture homoks wer fornm t here an theireand these mass oready mor comepact densere and closere together would soon forme an impenit rable mas
	layer_4: between baring iland and beachure point ther or considable qantity of islans in the midst of ice feels the streams crowed together in the little chaneals which cut up  this part of the see they had attendency to a glommerate under the realitifely low t emporture howmos were formed her in there and these masses already more compact demcere and clocere together would soon form an impenitrable mass
	layer_6: between bearing island and beecher point there are a consideable quantity of islands in the midst of icefields the streams crowd together in the little chanels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature humichs were formed here and there and these masses already more compaced denser and closer together would soon form and impeneterable mass
	layer_8: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a ttendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_10: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to aglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_12: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to aglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass

file: 7601-175351-0015.flac
expected: i am beginning not to answered wall
	layer_2: i'm begini not to and sired wall
	layer_4: i'm biginna not to andswered wall
	layer_6: i'm beginna not to answered wall
	layer_8: i'm beginna not to answered wall
	layer_10: i'm beginning not to answered wall
	layer_12: i'm beginning not to answered wall

file: 7601-175351-0016.flac
expected: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_2: hatteres still hope to find an open se beyon the sevly sof it th peralel as ser adwerd belter had don
	layer_4: haterus still hoped to find and open sea beyoun the sevely s of ath paralel as cir edward bilture had done
	layer_6: hatterus still hope to find an open sea beyond the sevetyseof ath parale as sir edward beltere had done
	layer_8: hateras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_10: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_12: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done

file: 7601-175351-0017.flac
expected: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal
	layer_2: ougt he to treat thes ecounces a pocrafl
	layer_4: ought he to treat these accounces aporiful
	layer_6: aught he to treath these accounces a pocraful
	layer_8: ught he to treath these accounces aporiphul
	layer_10: ought he to treat these accounts as apocriphal
	layer_12: ought he to treat these accounts as apocriphil

file: 7601-175351-0018.flac
expected: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_2: the nexhtay the son set for the firstime ending thus the long suries of das with twenty for hous a them
	layer_4: the nextday the son set for the firsttime ending thus the long suries of days with twenty for hours in them
	layer_6: the next day the sun set for the first time anding thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_8: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_10: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_12: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them

file: 7601-175351-0019.flac
expected: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_2: the men had inded by getina custom to the contonu a daylight but it had never mayd any differencs to the animals the greenon dogs ont to their rest at theira custim dowr and dick slupt as regu larly every uvening as s to dartnusad covern the scy
	layer_4: the men had inded by getting a custom to the continuill daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the green wndogs went to their rest at their a customed hour and dick sluppt as regulaly every uvening as thoug darkness had covered the sky
	layer_6: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenn dogs went to their rest at theire accustomed hour and dick sleped as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_8: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_10: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_12: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky

file: 7601-175351-0020.flac
expected: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_2: the docter by fllow ingjonsons advice a custhomt himself to support the lo timertr he almost ois stayde own deck raving thy cold the wind n the snow
	layer_4: the doctor by following johnsons advice a custemed himself to supporth the low timberture he almost always stayde on deck raving the cold the wind an the snow
	layer_6: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low timperture he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_8: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_10: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_12: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow

file: 7601-175351-0021.flac
expected: there's more than one amongst us who would like to imitate them i think
	layer_2: ther s morethan one among stu s ho woud lik do in imenttat the my sthink
	layer_4: there is more than oneamong stus ho would like to in imitate the my think
	layer_6: there 's more than one among stuswho would like to an imitate that i think
	layer_8: there is more than one among stus who would like to an imitate tham i think
	layer_10: there is more than one among st us who would like to animitate them i think
	layer_12: there is more than one amongst us who would like to animitate them i think

file: 7601-175351-0022.flac
expected: they are cowards mister clawbonny those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_2: they r owarts misteclow bony those enimal s had nol provisions as we heave and orablids to see there fod word is to be found
	layer_4: they are cowrts misticlawbony those enimals had not provisions as we have and or oblidged to sek their foode weritis to be found
	layer_6: they are cowards myster claw bony those animals have no provisions as we have and ar oblige to seek their food wher it is to be found
	layer_8: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_10: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_12: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found

file: 7601-175351-0023.flac
expected: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_2: you hope that hateraswil sixceed thend
	layer_4: you hope that haterus will sicceed then
	layer_6: you hope that hatteres will succee then
	layer_8: you hope that haterus will succeed then
	layer_10: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_12: you hope that hatteras will succeed then

file: 7601-175351-0024.flac
expected: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_2: he sertainly wel mister clawl bone
	layer_4: he sertainly well mister clalbony
	layer_6: he certainly will mister clawbony
	layer_8: he certainly will mister clabonny
	layer_10: he certainly will mister clawbonney
	layer_12: he certainly will mister clawbonney

file: 7601-175351-0025.flac
expected: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_2: i mof the same u pinun as yuw janson and o feeonly wanted one faful cobaon he'l have to
	layer_4: i m of the same apinionas you jahnson and a fonly wanted one fathful combaion heil have too
	layer_6: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wantered one faithful companion he'll have too
	layer_8: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_10: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_12: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two

file: 7601-175351-0026.flac
expected: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinnell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_2: prince elbert land which the fowrd was then costing bers alsol the am oe granow land and thoug hatterus from his hatred to the anes would niver callet byi tsomercan name it is the oneit gernely gos by
	layer_4: prince elbert land which the forwad was then costing be rs also the name of grinel lan and though hatterus from his hatred to the anxies would never collet by its immercanname it is the one it genealy gosby
	layer_6: prince elbert land which the forwad was then coasting bears also the name of grinel land and though hatterus from his hatred to the ankis would never call it by its emerican name it is the oneant generally goes by
	layer_8: prince elbert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the ankees would never call it by its american name it is the oneit generally goes by
	layer_10: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_12: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by

file: 7601-175351-0027.flac
expected: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_2: on the ateentof algese they sitedt bretony a moutan scurcely visible thrugh the mist and the forward waide ankerd the necxtay in norththumberelan bay
	layer_4: on the eghteentho agus they sigted bretony amountain scurcely visible through the mist and the forward waid ancurd the nextday in northumberlan bay
	layer_6: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britan a mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weiged anchur the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_8: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_10: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_12: on the eighteenth of august they sihted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay

file: 7641-96684-0000.flac
expected: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men
	layer_2: nd asin mordl upolow sotor earn his gread amonsmen
	layer_4: and asamortal a polow sop to ern his bread amons men
	layer_6: and as a mordal a pollo sopt to earn his bread a monst men
	layer_8: and as a mortal apollo sought to arn his bread amonst men
	layer_10: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_12: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men

file: 7641-96684-0001.flac
expected: afterward people wondered at admetus's ever smiling face and ever radiant being
	layer_2: aftorwared peopl onderedott ad medices ever smiling face andeverreating ben
	layer_4: afterward people wonderedaut ad medices ever smiling face and everating ben
	layer_6: afterward people wonderedatad medises ever smiling face and everating bein
	layer_8: afterward people wondered attad medacies ever smiling face and evorading being
	layer_10: afterward people wondered at i medacies ever smiling face and everading being
	layer_12: afterward people wondered at i medices ever smiling face and everading being

file: 7641-96684-0002.flac
expected: that was before admetus sailed on the argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_2: thot was befor ad mader saile hon aurago with jacon and the cpanins of the quest
	layer_4: thot was beforead made sailed on aurago with jacen and the compmanions of the quest
	layer_6: that was before admedus sailed onhe argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_8: that was before ad meducesailed on he argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_10: that was before had medu sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_12: that was before ad meduc sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest

file: 7641-96684-0003.flac
expected: thereafter admetus having the love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_2: ther after ad meduse hoavein love of al cestis was eveen more happye than he had been befor
	layer_4: there after ad maduce haven love of alcestice was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_6: thereafter at meduce having love of alkestise was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_8: thereafter at meducse having love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_10: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_12: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before

file: 7641-96684-0004.flac
expected: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_2: a radiaen fhigar at was and ad matter snew that diss a pallow com to om again
	layer_4: a radiant figure at was and ad metter snew that dis wos a polow come to am again
	layer_6: a radient figure it was and admettuse knew that dis was apollo come to him again
	layer_8: a radiant figure it was and admetuse knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_10: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_12: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again

file: 7641-96684-0005.flac
expected: but apollo turned to admetus a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but a pollow turne to had meduse a fae hotws with out doy
	layer_4: but a polow turned to hadmedice a face that was without joy
	layer_6: but a pollo turn to admetue a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but apollo turned to admetie a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but apollo turned to admetus a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but apollo turned to admetis a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0006.flac
expected: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admetus
	layer_2: what yous of happin ess hae been myi na pollowthrou your frenship fome said ned mittise
	layer_4: what youse of happiness have been mi kno polowthrough your friend ship form me said nedmetice
	layer_6: what use of happines have been mi nopallow through your friendship for me said nadmedice
	layer_8: what eus of happiness have been myi noapollo through your friendship for me said nedmedice
	layer_10: what yeus of happiness have been mi o apollo through your friendship for me said ned medis
	layer_12: what yus of happiness have been mine oapollo through your friendship for me said ned medis

file: 7641-96684-0007.flac
expected: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_2: bhut still u polo stood beforn with a fay sot was withou jroy
	layer_4: but still a polow stood beformm with a facesthot was without doy
	layer_6: but still a palo stood befor him with a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but still apala stood befor him with a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but still apallo stood before him with a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0008.flac
expected: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetus
	layer_2: he spo  on his vose was not tha cler n viberent voice that he had ontcs in speaking trad medis
	layer_4: he spoeand his voice was not that clear and viban voice that he had once in speeaking to raed medice
	layer_6: he spoke ind his voice was not that clear in vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to hadmedice
	layer_8: he spoke in his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to admedice
	layer_10: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to hadmedic
	layer_12: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to edmedici

file: 7641-96684-0009.flac
expected: admetus admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_2: ad mitise ad medius he said it is frme to tell you that you may kno mare loocon hobou skyin or walk upon the greeanerth
	layer_4: admidice admeducs he said it is foro me to tell you that you may no more look on the blusky nor walk upon the greeneurth
	layer_6: admitice admenuce he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the greenearth
	layer_8: admetice admedice he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_10: admetis admetics he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_12: admetis admetis he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth

file: 7641-96684-0010.flac
expected: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to him admetus admetus know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_2: it is trme to tell you thoat the gard of the undrwalt we howe you come tr mad mutis and menise no tha eveen now the gord of thandroald is sending deathfor you
	layer_4: it istrme to tell you that the god of the underwl to will have you come toeamadmeduce and meduse no tha even now the god of thandrald is sending death hor you
	layer_6: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underwoll o will have you come to a edmedtice and meduce kno that even now the god of thandold is sending death for you
	layer_8: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to amadmedice and medice know that even now the god of th andeworld is sending death for you
	layer_10: it is tor me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a medemetis and medic know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_12: it is tor me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a medemetis and metic know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you

file: 7641-96684-0011.flac
expected: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetus
	layer_2: if one will go willing ly in thit place with death dhow can still li lon go ad metis
	layer_4: if orne will go willingly and thyt place with death dhou cant still liv an go ad metic
	layer_6: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou cant still live on go admetuce
	layer_8: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou cant still live on go admedice
	layer_10: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go edmetic
	layer_12: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go edmetice

file: 7641-96684-0012.flac
expected: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grinding corn between two stones
	layer_2: ad then he came pon antient oman who sap uponstoons in the cortard grinn corn between to stons
	layer_4: nd then he came pon ancient worman who sat upon stons ind the cortyard grindan cornd between two stones
	layer_6: and then he came ponan ancient woman who sat upon stones in the cortyard drindan corn between two stones
	layer_8: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard drindan corn between two stones
	layer_10: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard drindin corn between two stones
	layer_12: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard drindin corn between two stones

file: 7641-96684-0013.flac
expected: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_2: there she was signas hye had first noter with ar yse bleard anderdi mes shakind and with the dust of the cort gard in tehusks of the qorn ing o mated har
	layer_4: there she was siddnas he had first no her with her eys bleared anderine shakined and with the dust of the cortyard and the husks of the corn iner madted hair
	layer_6: there she was sidn as he had first knowe her with her eyes blered and herne shakingd and with the dust of the cort yard an the husks of the corn in her mated hair
	layer_8: there she was siden as he had first knowne her with her eyes bleared and hernees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_10: there she was sidin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knee shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_12: there she was sidin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knee shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair

file: 7641-96684-0014.flac
expected: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the king and go with death
	layer_2: he went toor and spopetur andthe aster to take i placeof the ken and go with death
	layer_4: he went towr and spoked heher and he aster to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_6: he went to her and spoked t  her and he ast her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_8: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goweth death
	layer_10: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goeth death
	layer_12: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goeth death

file: 7641-96684-0015.flac
expected: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_2: but when she heard the name of deassh or acameinto th face of thanthru woman and shoe crid out that she would now let detst come ner her
	layer_4: but when she heard the name of death hora came into the face of th ancshre woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_6: but when she heard the name of death hor came into the face of the antient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_8: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_10: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_12: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her

file: 7641-96684-0016.flac
expected: admetus took the man's shriveled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and go with death that was coming for him
	layer_2: atd matistiok e man shrwilld hand and the astom if ew would not take the kin s place and goth death thot was coming for him
	layer_4: ad medis stook th man shibiled hand and the astorm if you would not take the kens place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_6: admetics took the man shiveled hand and he asdt him if you would not take the kin's place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_8: admetice took the man' shivelled hand and he asked him if yhou would not take the kin's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_10: admetis took the man' shivelled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_12: edmetis took the man' shivelled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him

file: 7641-96684-0017.flac
expected: then admetus went into the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the underworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones around the palace would take his place
	layer_2: then admendis wintingto the powse and into the chamebare is bedwas and he lay downdupon ta bed and he lomented that he would half to go with deth thou wase comen for him from the gord of tandawld and he lmentend that non of the rechug ones roun pouse woered tak is place
	layer_4: then admedice wintin to the powase and into the chamebar is bedwas and he lay down upon the bed and he lomented that he would have to go with death that was commin for him from the god of lhandea wrld and he lemented that none of the rechud ones reown pouse wered take his place
	layer_6: then admeduce wint in to the pawace and into the chambwar s bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was comin for him from the god of landa world and he lamented that none of the retched ones roun the pouse would take his place
	layer_8: then admedice went into the palace and into the chambewor hi's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landeworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the pouse would take his place
	layer_10: then admedic went into the palace and into the chamberwer's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landeaworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the pouce would take his place
	layer_12: then admedice went into the palace and into the chamberwer's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landeworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the poluce would take his place

file: 7641-96684-0018.flac
expected: one should go in your place for you are the king and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_2: one should go en yourplace for you are the keng and have many greade fairstou tentou
	layer_4: one should go on your place for you are the kein and have many grea a fairs s tou attentou
	layer_6: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attent oue
	layer_8: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend you
	layer_10: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend tou
	layer_12: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend tou

file: 7641-96684-0019.flac
expected: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_2: now the fort steps seeme to stop
	layer_4: now the foot steps seeme to stop
	layer_6: now the foot steps seemed to stop
	layer_8: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_10: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_12: now the footsteps seemed to stop

file: 7641-96684-0020.flac
expected: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_2: it was not so tarl for him meas befor
	layer_4: it was not so taribl for him as before
	layer_6: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_8: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_10: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_12: it was not so terrible for him as before

file: 7641-96684-0021.flac
expected: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_2: and the word s ee hat spokin he would haf taken back the word s ad broght her consent to go was death inn his place
	layer_4: and the words he hitd spoken he would have taken back the words tha ad brought her consent to go wish death in his place
	layer_6: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words the ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_8: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_10: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_12: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place

file: 7641-96684-0022.flac
expected: death would soon be here for her
	layer_2: dat the would sooen lbeear for her
	layer_4: deth the would soon be her for her
	layer_6: deth the wouold soon be her for her
	layer_8: death  would soon be here for her
	layer_10: death would soon be here for her
	layer_12: death would soon be here for her

file: 7641-96684-0023.flac
expected: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace
	layer_2: no not her fore he would no have des come minto the pous
	layer_4: no not here for heu would not have deash come into the pouse
	layer_6: no not here for heu would not have death come into the pause
	layer_8: no not here for he would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_10: no not here for he would not have death come into the poluce
	layer_12: no not here for he would not have death come into the poluce

file: 7641-96684-0024.flac
expected: he lifted alcestis from the bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_2: he liftod al cestis frong bed and tecarried er from the pouse
	layer_4: he lifted all cesticed frong bed and he carrieder from the pouse
	layer_6: he lifted alkestist from bed and he carried her from the palse
	layer_8: he lifted acestus from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_10: he lifted alcestus from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_12: he lifted alcestus from bed and he carried her from the palace

file: 7641-96684-0025.flac
expected: no more speech came from her
	layer_2: no lr speach came from her
	layer_4: nomor spech came from her
	layer_6: no moreo speech came from her
	layer_8: no more speech came from her
	layer_10: no more of speech came from her
	layer_12: no more of speech came from her

file: 7641-96684-0026.flac
expected: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestis had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_2: and ows for ad metterse he went within the chamber an knot besid te bed on which al cest o sad lain and thoghpt of his aribl los
	layer_4: and as for ad meters he went within the chamber and nolt besidthe bead on which all cestis sad lain and thought of his errible oss
	layer_6: and as for admeatters he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which all kest his salaine and thought of his errible loss
	layer_8: and as for admeteus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alkestis salaine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_10: and as for admettus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestus sadeleaine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_12: and as for admettus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestus sadelaine and thought of his terrible loss

file: 7641-96684-0027.flac
expected: to what god is that sacrifice due
	layer_2: tol what gar des that sact f i s do
	layer_4: to what gar dis that sacf ics do
	layer_6: till what guad is that sacfice do
	layer_8: till what god does that sacfice do
	layer_10: toll what god does that sacrifice do
	layer_12: toll what god does that sacrifice do

file: 7641-96684-0028.flac
expected: and then heracles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_2: and then roklys felt that noer leber  was befor him
	layer_4: and then rockles felt that nother lagbor was before him
	layer_6: and then vrocles felt that nother labour was before him
	layer_8: and then raccles felt that another labour was before him
	layer_10: and then vraclis felt that another labour was before him
	layer_12: and then vraclis felt that another labor was before him

file: 7641-96684-0029.flac
expected: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_2: ihve driag dup from lhundorld he fugt the hound tha gards los e who dessprean sown intero the reun of the gart of thund rwald
	layer_4: ihave draged up from the undrrld he thought the hound tha gards lowse whom deathprn sowun inter the relm of the god of thunderold
	layer_6: i have draged up from the undworald he thought the hound that guards lose whom dethpren sdownd into the relm of the god of the underold
	layer_8: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards thos whom death rin down into the realm of the god of the underwold
	layer_10: i have dragged up from the underwrld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_12: i have dragged up from the underwrld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underwold

file: 7641-96684-0030.flac
expected: why should i not strive with death
	layer_2: why shol i not strivoe with death
	layer_4: why shold inot strive with death
	layer_6: why should i not strive with death
	layer_8: why should i not strive with death
	layer_10: why should i not strive with death
	layer_12: why should i not strive with death

file: 7641-96684-0031.flac
expected: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_2: and wade a noble theen it would be to breing back this fatful woman to ere house and to herehusbmend
	layer_4: and wat e noble then it would be to breing back this faithful woman to her house and to here husband
	layer_6: and what a noblethene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_8: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_10: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_12: and what a noble thiene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband

file: 7641-96684-0032.flac
expected: he left the palace of admetus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_2: helefte poluse of id medtuse and he wintol the compl of the gads
	layer_4: he left the palse of admeaduce and he winto the tcemple of the gods
	layer_6: he left the palace of edmearuce and he went to the tample of the gods
	layer_8: he left the palace of edmeruce and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_10: he left the palace of edmerus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_12: he left the palace of edmerus and he went to the temple of the gods

file: 7641-96684-0033.flac
expected: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_2: you are helld by me det and you will nok be let go in lss you prom isto g o forth from this stample with out brening one wih you
	layer_4: you are held by me death and you will nok be let go in less you promisto go forth from thi stample without breening one with you
	layer_6: you are held by me eath and you will not belet go anless you promise to go forth from this tample without brining one with you
	layer_8: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without breinging one with you
	layer_10: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_12: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you

file: 7641-96684-0034.flac
expected: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_2: and deth noing that herracclyese could horldem ther and thaut the busnes s ofe the god of manderwl would be left un don af he were held prom mese nat he a leave the tumpfl with ou brin one withim
	layer_4: and death knowing that horackleas could hold him there and that the business of the god of lunderwald would be left on done if hew were held promits that he wore leaved the temple without bren one withim
	layer_6: and death knowing that harackles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerwold would be left undone if he were held promise that he woule leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_8: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerworld would be left undone if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without breing one with him
	layer_10: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerword would be left undone if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_12: and death knowing that hyracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerword would be left undone if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without bringng one with him

file: 7641-96684-0035.flac
expected: she was veiled and admetus could not see her features
	layer_2: she was vld an ad mendis could not see her fethurs
	layer_4: she was vailed and atdmenise could not see her features
	layer_6: she was veiled and admenice could not see her features
	layer_8: she was veiled and admenace could not see her features
	layer_10: she was veiled and admenace could not see her features
	layer_12: she was veiled and admenace could not see her features

file: 7641-96684-0036.flac
expected: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_2: her is awilmen who my am bren back to r husmend i won her from enenme
	layer_4: here is a wlman whom i am bren back to har husmand i wone her from an enemy
	layer_6: here is a woman whom i am bran back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_8: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_10: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_12: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy

file: 7641-96684-0037.flac
expected: this i cannot do said admetus i have had pangs enough
	layer_2: thisi cannot d saider metis ave had paimnes a nuogh
	layer_4: this sike cannot do said ed medic i've had pains anough
	layer_6: this i cannot do said ed medice i've had pains enough
	layer_8: this i cannot do said e medice i've had pains enough
	layer_10: this i cannot do said her medic i've had pains enough
	layer_12: this i cannot do said her medice i've had pains enough

file: 7641-96684-0038.flac
expected: then admetus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house
	layer_2: then at better srased te vail of the woman he had taken cross f the thir shold r  his heups
	layer_4: then at mette sraized the vaile of the woman he had taken cross f the thir shoulde of his heups
	layer_6: then at mettusraised the vail of the woman he had taken cross the thirshoulde of his heoups
	layer_8: then at metuce raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thrsholder of his house
	layer_10: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thrsholder of his house
	layer_12: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thresholder of his house

file: 7641-96252-0000.flac
expected: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_2: thus when dogmas meadit what the man rilly and injenral wills r main stioll the same
	layer_4: thus wen dogmas led it what the man rilly and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_6: thus whin dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_8: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wils remain still the same
	layer_10: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_12: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same

file: 7641-96252-0001.flac
expected: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_2: for thes ar caefol olly for limselvs for thir on egulaism jesikgeta bandit tfrom whom there only destu wicsh py tobserty of their meancs
	layer_4: for these are care ful alnly for themselves for ther on eagoism justlike the bandit from whom the are only destung uish by thebserty of their means
	layer_6: for these are careful only for themselves for their own eguism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by thebserdy of their means
	layer_8: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdy of their means
	layer_10: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdi of their means
	layer_12: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdi of their means

file: 7641-96252-0002.flac
expected: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_2: the dees and conduct oen indovigual nd of ination mayd be vray much motifid to dorgas example andcustom
	layer_4: the deeds and conduct olan individual and of ination may be very much modifiede tho dogaes example and custom
	layer_6: the deeds and conduct of an individual and o enation may be very much modified hrugh dogmas example and custom
	layer_8: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_10: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogas example and custom
	layer_12: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogas example and custom

file: 7641-96252-0003.flac
expected: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_2: with an equ de gree of woickaness one man may diole mawial n anotler ina bosn of vis famly
	layer_4: with an equal togree of wikeness one man may dion the wel and another in th bosm of is family
	layer_6: with an equal degree of wickedness on man may die on the whel and another in the bosom of is family
	layer_8: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel ind another in the bosom of his family
	layer_10: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_12: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family

file: 7641-96252-0004.flac
expected: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_2: it is conceeviabl th a perfict stat ore perhaps indeed a compleet and firnly belyv docten of er wars n punshmence aftr deth liht provant everycrime politicliyg luch would begaimed thervy morly nothine on i the xpression of the will in life ould bear stricte
	layer_4: it is conceieable thy a perfecte state or perhaps inded accomplete and firmly belived doctron of erwards and punshments after death might provent every crime politicaly much would be ganed their vy moroigly nothing onyr the expression of the will in life would be r stricted
	layer_6: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctron of ewards and punschments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained t their vi moraly nothing onlyr the expression of the will in life would be erestricted
	layer_8: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punschments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained there vi morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_10: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_12: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted

file: 7641-96252-0005.flac
expected: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_2: we who ear seek the theari o ver tu and have therfor asit expressed stacty the neacrovef lhe nolge which lis at it sfoundation weill et beunable to convay that malge it self in tis suxpression
	layer_4: we who her seek the thery o vertu and have there for alsito expressove stractly the natr of the nolge which lise at its fondation weillyet be anable to convay that nolge its self in the suxpression
	layer_6: w who hear seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to expressive stractly the nature of the knowldge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that mnoldge it self in thi s uxpression
	layer_8: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express ibstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_10: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_12: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression

file: 7641-96252-0006.flac
expected: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only belongs to a fleeting and illusive phenomenon
	layer_2: he ses at the is stinction thetwen hmself and eallers which tu the bad man is so greate a goth only blon tho  fleenin and llonce of tho om mom
	layer_4: he sees that the is stincion bhetween himself and ellers which to the bad man is so great a goth only blon throgh a fleeding and lucs ovfe phenomom
	layer_6: he seesd that the distinction between himself and elhers which to the badman is so great o goth only blon throg a fleetding and lusive phenomina
	layer_8: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a golth only blond through a fleeting and lusive phenomeno
	layer_10: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a golth only blond through a fleeting and elusive phenomeno
	layer_12: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a golth only blond through a fleeting and ellusive phenomeno

file: 7641-96252-0007.flac
expected: he recognises himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_2: he vrecan tisis imself his wil an every beene and conscuenly olsoe in the sufer
	layer_4: he reconmize is imself his will in every been and consequently alsor in the suffer
	layer_6: he reconiz es himself his will in every been and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_8: he recognizes himself his will in ever being and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_10: he recognizes himself his will in ever beeng and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_12: he recognizes himself his will in ever beeing and consequently also in the suffer

file: 7641-96252-0008.flac
expected: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_2: but aloders the necessery in i neverdbol simtov mof that noge
	layer_4: buthe laters the necessary and ineveredble simptiem of that knge
	layer_6: but the latters the necessary and enevidable symptim of that knodge
	layer_8: but the latter is the necessary and ievitable symptom of that knowldge
	layer_10: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_12: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knoledge

file: 7641-96252-0009.flac
expected: the opposite of the sting of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_2: the obsid of the stiin of conciens the orgon an signifficince of whiches explaind abeove is e goodconcens the sues faction which  expearens after every dis intressteded
	layer_4: the obsit of the stin of consciencs the orgean and significence of which is explaindabove is the good concions the saesfaction which we expearence after every disinterested deed
	layer_6: the obsite of the steane of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_8: the opposite of the stean of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_10: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_12: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed

file: 7641-96252-0010.flac
expected: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_2: te good man livs ind world af frienly inviduals the well ben ovany of from heragorsas is on
	layer_4: the good man lives an world a friendly inviduals the well bein aveny of rohom heragards as his one
	layer_6: the good man lives in world of friendly in viduals the well bein a vany of whom heregards as his own
	layer_8: the good man lives in world af friendly inividuals the well being of any of whom heregards as his own
	layer_10: the good man lives in world ar friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_12: the good man lives in a world ar friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own

file: 7641-96252-0011.flac
expected: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make his disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serenity of disposition
	layer_2: therefor alow the noge of the lot of meanin generaly des not ma coulds dispesition a joyfone yet the prominen mange of iso naturen all livin bens give shma cerne even ness and avensrendy of dispisition
	layer_4: therefore althow the noge of the lot of man kine generally desnot ma culds disposition a joyfon yet the prminin malege of is o nature in all livin bens give thoma erin evenness and aven srendy of dispisition
	layer_6: therefore although the knoudge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition ajoyfone yet the perminent molledge of his ow nature in all living beans give him a certain evenness and aven crendy of disposition
	layer_8: therefore although the knoldge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfl in yet the permanent nowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serendy of disposition
	layer_10: therefore although the knoledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyful ine yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serenidy of disposition
	layer_12: therefore although the knoledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyful ine yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serenidy of disposition

file: 7641-96252-0012.flac
expected: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_2: for t intresst whichas extendidt in newerborled m inifistations conot caus suchtinidty as that which his consutrated upon one
	layer_4: for th interestd which is extendeddto in neumr bold meinfistations cnnot cause suchenxiety as that which is consertrated upon one
	layer_6: for the interest which his extended to i nuwerabld m infestations cannot cause such enxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_8: for the interest which is extended to enumerabl manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concetrated upon one
	layer_10: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concetrated upon one
	layer_12: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one

file: 7641-96252-0013.flac
expected: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalise themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_2: thaxcidenct which concernindvitiuals clectivly equalis imselves wile those which happine tod the perticular indof viguallaf constop god or bad forton
	layer_4: thaxcidente which concern indviduals colectively equa is himselves while those which happin to the particular indvidual a constute good or bad fortune
	layer_6: thaccidente which concern individuals collectively equize hemselves wile those which happene to the particular individual constute good or bad fortune
	layer_8: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_10: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_12: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune

file: 7641-96252-0014.flac
expected: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no ought or law to prescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_2: thus though other's have set of morol princs pls which lhygaoutis presciptiens forovertu and laws whichite was necessarede falg i as hys alry been said canot du is becaus i have no out or logth rescib to le turnely free will
	layer_4: thus though other's have set up moral princepuls which they gaveout es prescriptions frvertu and laws which it was necessared folloe i as has alry been said canno do this because i have kno ought or loht rere scribed to lhe turnallyd fre will
	layer_6: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessarie do follow i as has alray been said cannot do this because i have no ougt or lot rescribed to the iternally free will
	layer_8: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has alreay been said cannot do this because i have no ought or lat rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_10: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lauht raescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_12: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or laht rescribed to the eternally free will

file: 7641-96252-0015.flac
expected: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_2: for the then thissit cannot go forlarges ti sno reasonf roperfirn th indivijuoady of nmalher to hats oun
	layer_4: for ther then this it cannot go forlrgs this no reason fror prferdin th individualdy of mether to its on
	layer_6: further than this it cannot go for ther egs is no reason for prferrid ing the individuality of nether to its own
	layer_8: further than this it cannot go for there exis no reason for preferring in the individuality of anether to its own
	layer_10: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_12: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own

file: 7641-96252-0016.flac
expected: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the regard for one's own particular well being
	layer_2: yet the number of other intivituals whose whoul hap nnes ser life is andan er may out wayther gard for ones on perticul ar well been
	layer_4: yet the number of other intividuals whose hole hapnessor life is indanger may out wayther gard for ones own perticular well beng
	layer_6: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happeness or life is in danger may out way ther aguard for one's own particular well beeng
	layer_8: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwahthereguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_10: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwaigh the reguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_12: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwaigh the reguard for one's own particular well being

file: 7641-96252-0017.flac
expected: so died socrates and giordano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hands of the priests
	layer_2: sodit sococes angear domo bruno and so many heareof the tru th suffer dets at the stake at the hand of the prese
	layer_4: so dide socjes and gar dono bruno and so many herof the truth suffered death aut the stake at the hand of the priese
	layer_6: so dit socrcies and gerdano bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_8: so died socates an girdano bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_10: so died socrates and giridono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_12: so died socrates and giridano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests

file: 7641-96252-0018.flac
expected: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_2: wepin is coardenly simpity withar ownselves or semphfothe drected back on it sorse
	layer_4: weping is cordenly simpathly witheur onselves or semp the drected back on it source
	layer_6: weeping is accordintly sympathly with our onselves or sempthyddirected back on its source
	layer_8: weeping is accordinatly sympathy with hour ownselves or sympity directed back on its source
	layer_10: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own celves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_12: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own celves or sympathy directed back on its source

file: 7641-96252-0019.flac
expected: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_2: it is therefor conditional upon the c past u for lovencsit pathe and olso hon amaineation
	layer_4: it is therefore conditional upon the copascue for lovan s it pathy and also ponomagination
	layer_6: it is therefor conditional upon the cupascue for love and sitpathy and also pon imagination
	layer_8: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sypathy and also pon imagination
	layer_10: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_12: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sympathy and also upon imagination

file: 7641-96252-0020.flac
expected: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_2: when we are mov to tears nothou ar ownceufering but through thauto a mother this happens as foltows
	layer_4: when we are moved to tears not throuh ore own suffering but through that of enother this happens as follows
	layer_6: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happenes as follows
	layer_8: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_10: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_12: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows

file: 7641-96252-0021.flac
expected: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_2: eithe we viverly putourselves in the placon the suffer  by magination or see in his faite the lout of umandyas a hol an cons quently firsof all ar own lot an thousin avay roundbat way a is het alwyes abouterselvf sot we wep simpa thy with ourselh which we fel thi seems to be the princewoerieson of the universal and thus natural wepeen in te case of death
	layer_4: ithe we vividly put ourselves in the placeof the suffer bya magination or see ind his fate the luht of uwmandy as a whole and consquently firs of all ore own lot and thusin avery round bout way it is yet always about urselfe thout we weep simpa the with ourselvet which we fel this seems to be the princemolerieson of the universl and tus natural weepin intecase of death
	layer_6: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the suffer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of huwmandy as a whole and consquently firs of all oure own lot and thus in a very round boutway it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselve which we feel this seems to be the princibale reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_8: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the suffer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humandy as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round obout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_10: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_12: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death

file: 7641-96252-0022.flac
expected: first of all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wished for deliverance
	layer_2: for so alle he sernily weps for the fait of the dead bat he lsweps win afta long havy and incearble sufferin death as to this man awihfor do liverencs
	layer_4: for sall he sernely weeps for the fate of the dead but he els weeps win after long havy and in cerble sufferin death was to this man a wish for toliverence
	layer_6: for soall he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he alsweeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_8: for so all he certainlly weeps for the fate of the dead but he als weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_10: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_12: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance

file: 7641-96670-0000.flac
expected: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_2: they wer in the landa thi spepll said befor the mon had comem in to h scy
	layer_4: they were in the land thi speople said before the moon had come into the ski
	layer_6: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_8: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_10: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_12: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky

file: 7641-96670-0001.flac
expected: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with king sesostris stayed in that city of aea and they taught people spells that could stay the moon in her going and coming in her rising and setting
	layer_2: and many of the megitions ofregeip to had come with kensecostres stade e lot sidy ar vaya and they topeople spells hut could sta the moininr a goin ancoming in aris in ansettime
	layer_4: and many of the magitions of egopd o had come with keen socastress stad e lat city o vear and they taltpeople spells hat could stay the monen a goin and coming in arrisin and setting
	layer_6: and many of the magicians of egipt who had come with ken sicoustress stayed i lat cityoveya and they taught people spells that could stay the mooninr rare going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_8: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with geen asostrus stayed in that city o aya and they taoght people spells that could stay the moon re going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_10: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with gene esostrus stayed in that city of aa and they taught people spells that could stay the moonander going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_12: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with gueene sesastrus stayed in that city of aa and they taught peoples spells that could stay the moonner going and coming in arising and setting

file: 7641-96670-0002.flac
expected: medea too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon
	layer_2: me yia two his wis doter mnunit the sucret s topt by tos who couldt swaythe moon
	layer_4: media two his wis daughtter new the secrets toked by thoes who could sway the moon
	layer_6: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets topped by those who could sway the moon
	layer_8: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets tapked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_10: medya too his wis's daughter knew the secrets taukd by those who could sway the moon
	layer_12: medya too his wive's daughter knew the secrets talket by those who could sway the moon

file: 7641-96670-0003.flac
expected: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_2: for jatin was a gran sunn of cretious and crestious was tha brother of te thames ther grandfalter
	layer_4: for jaton was he gran son of crethious and crethious was the brother of a thamise their grand falter
	layer_6: for jason was the grand son of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_8: for jason was the grand son of retheus and cretheus was the brother of athamus their grandfather
	layer_10: for jason was the grandson of crethius and crethius was the brother of ethamis their grandfather
	layer_12: for jason was the grandson of crethius and crethius was the brother of ethamis their grandfather

file: 7641-96670-0004.flac
expected: jason took peleus and telamon with him
	layer_2: jasen tooc pelliouse and tlrm on with him
	layer_4: jaceen took pellious and telemon with him
	layer_6: jason took pelious and telem on with him
	layer_8: jason took pelius and telimon with him
	layer_10: jason took pelius and telemon with him
	layer_12: jason took pelius and telemon with him

file: 7641-96670-0005.flac
expected: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrixus went through the city without being seen
	layer_2: as they came to the city amist fel and jacend anis comris wit th e sons of frictses whenc thru the city withou beenseen
	layer_4: as they came to the city a mist fell and jacen eands comrads with the sons of fritses wint throug the city without ben ceen
	layer_6: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of fricis went through the city without been seen
	layer_8: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phriis went through the city without being seen
	layer_10: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phricis went through the city without being seen
	layer_12: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phricis went through the city without being seen

file: 7641-96670-0006.flac
expected: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_2: the mist lifted and before the hearads was the onger of the pous ind the brikt lighte of the mornin
	layer_4: the miss lifted and before the heros was the onder of the pouse in the bright light of the mornin
	layer_6: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the pase in the bright light of the morning
	layer_8: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palce in the bright light of the morning
	layer_10: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_12: the mists lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning

file: 7641-96670-0007.flac
expected: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one king a eetes lived with apsyrtus his son and in the other chalciope and medea lived with their handmaidens
	layer_2: on heut sid of the cortyourdwred a pouse billings etn one keen y atis liv droith ub sertise his sun and in th ollherd chalse ioarppay and madial lied t tor hand matens
	layer_4: on eit cside of the cortyardt ward the palse billins in one keena etislive duth obsertice his sung and in the otlerd chalseeopay and meadia live ithther hand matens
	layer_6: on each side of the court yard ward the palse billings in one key neetisliveduith absurticet his sun and in the othere chalsiope and mediae lived ith their hand majons
	layer_8: on each side of the courtyard werd the palce buillings in one ky naetslivedith abserdus his son and in the other chalsiope and media lived with their hand maidens
	layer_10: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one kineeis liveduith abserdis his son and in the other chaliope and media lived with their hanmaidens
	layer_12: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one kineetis lived uith abserdis his son and in the other chalsiope and media lived with their handmaidens

file: 7641-96670-0008.flac
expected: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and medea saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_2: and then adove thu tord er it was been chase py hok andd medya saw the hokxys an bek
	layer_4: and then adovf thu tward her it was been chase by hak and medy asaw the hoxies and beak
	layer_6: and then adove thu toward her it was ben chased by hok and medyasaw the hox eyes and beak
	layer_8: and then a dove threw toward her it was being chased by a hok and metdia saw the huck's eyes and beak
	layer_10: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metia saw the huck's eyes and beak
	layer_12: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metia saw the huck's eyes and beak

file: 7641-96670-0009.flac
expected: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_2: we paled away rom that place end dheraftrr we were jivend by thewins bac to hemouth of the fusss
	layer_4: we paled away from that place and theire after we were jriven by the wins back to the mouth of the fesses
	layer_6: we puled away from that place an theire after we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the fassis
	layer_8: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the pasis
	layer_10: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_12: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis

file: 7641-96670-0010.flac
expected: with him there came the mightiest of the heroes of greece
	layer_2: with hem their came the migeest of the chrs of grec
	layer_4: with him theire came the mightest of the shurs of greese
	layer_6: with him there came the mightest of the sheros of greese
	layer_8: with him there came the mightiest of the sheros of greece
	layer_10: with him there came the mightiest of the heros of greece
	layer_12: with him there came the mightiest of the heros of greece

file: 7641-96670-0011.flac
expected: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sauromatae
	layer_2: all redy he has herdt of tyour biter fos the soar mot ie
	layer_4: al ready he has herd of your bitter fohse the sor  moti
	layer_6: already he has heard of your bitterphos the sar moti
	layer_8: already he has heard of your bitter fhoes the sarmati
	layer_10: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromati
	layer_12: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromatai

file: 7641-96670-0012.flac
expected: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_2: he with is comraudso was sdo themryou
	layer_4: he with is comrads wals sudo them for ye
	layer_6: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_8: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_10: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_12: he with his comrades would subdue them for you

file: 7641-96670-0013.flac
expected: a eetes's heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_2: it is herk was filld with arath as yo wiook dopon them an his ys shod mess a luperd syes
	layer_4: it is heart was fhilled with rath as hou wlooked upon them and his ey showmess a leperds iese
	layer_6: it is heart was filled with t wrath as yhe looked upon them and his eyes showne as e leperd's eyes
	layer_8: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shown as a lepard's eyes
	layer_10: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_12: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes

file: 7641-96670-0014.flac
expected: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_2: and then speakinto the en in acquitovise jasensaidr
	layer_4: and then speakento the keen in a quite voice jasean sad
	layer_6: and then speak into the keen in a quite voice jaseand said
	layer_8: and then speaking to the keen in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_10: and then speaking to the keen in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_12: and then speaking to the keen in a quiet voice jason said

file: 7641-96670-0015.flac
expected: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_2: his hart was devided as stweaer he should soummin his arm men and have lham slin upon he spok or waether he shoul plut t a men to gangere by the thrile he would make of them
	layer_4: his heart was divided as toether he should som in his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he shoul put tha men to gangeaby the trile he would make of them
	layer_6: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armd men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them meanto gangea by the trial he would make of them
	layer_8: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_10: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_12: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them

file: 7641-96670-0016.flac
expected: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the immortals
	layer_2: it may be that ye y artu the of the sedof thug mortls
	layer_4: it may be that yuare tu ley of the cad of thou mortels
	layer_6: it may be that ye are truly of the sead of tho mortals
	layer_8: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of tho mortals
	layer_10: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_12: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals

file: 7641-96670-0017.flac
expected: and it may be that i shall give you the golden fleece to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_2: and it ma be  that i shal giveryou the comsles to bereway aftrive ma trilv youg
	layer_4: and it may be that i shall give you the gom sles to bereway after i ave mayde trilve you
	layer_6: and it may be that i shall give you the gulmplece to bearway after i have made tril of you
	layer_8: and it may be that i shall give you the golm plese to bear way after i have made trial of you
	layer_10: and it may be that i shall give you the gom pleese to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_12: and it may be that i shall give you the gom pleece to bear away after i have made trial of you

file: 7641-96670-0018.flac
expected: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_2: shanterd softly end she stood aatfon were falther and thefor who er speeakng withem
	layer_4: she antered softly and she stood away fro here father and the fore who here speaking withem
	layer_6: she entered softly and she stood away from where father and the for who were speaking with him
	layer_8: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_10: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_12: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him

file: 7641-96670-0019.flac
expected: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_2: she had ad darke fy sose med vay etanegd by her crownof colmd her
	layer_4: she had a darke facesous med vay etrange by her crownf golne hair
	layer_6: she had a darkface osmed vary strange by her crown of golen hair
	layer_8: she had a dark face that was mead very strange by her crown of goldn hair
	layer_10: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_12: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair

file: 7641-96670-0020.flac
expected: know that on the plain of ares yonder i have two fire breathing bulls with feet of brass
	layer_2: no  that on the plain iver asyoder i have two fi braing bls with fee to breass
	layer_4: no that on the plain afveras yonder i have two firbrean buls with feeto bress
	layer_6: kno that on the plain of aris yonder i have too fair briging bulls with feet opress
	layer_8: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire briging bulls with feet opress
	layer_10: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire breaging bulls with feet oppress
	layer_12: know that on the plane of eris yonder i have two fire breaging bulls with feet oppress

file: 7641-96670-0021.flac
expected: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_2: then ni soed the firls not with ta seeed that dimetergis but with teath of a dragon
	layer_4: then i sod the forls not with the sceed that demeder gives but with teeth of a dragin
	layer_6: then i sow the furs not with te seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragin
	layer_8: then i sowed the furos not with the seed that demeetur gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_10: then i sewed the furrows not with the seed that demetur gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_12: then i sewed the furrows not with the seed that demeatour gives but with teeth of a dragon

file: 7641-96670-0022.flac
expected: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_2: if you con coblisioness that i  a complisht in das on by i shall sir mit tu and giveeuth gomflece
	layer_4: if you cancomplishalnes that i a complished in dayse gon by i shall suvemite tyou and give you the golmeflese
	layer_6: if you can complish athis that i accomplished in days gon by i shall submit you and give you the goln fleece
	layer_8: if you can ccomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the goldn fleece
	layer_10: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_12: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece

file: 7641-96670-0023.flac
expected: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_2: but if fyou cannout t o complish what i on s ucompish you shall go for myht stity anm ty handed for is not right that abrave man should yeld oup to one nwho cannot sho himself a's brave
	layer_4: but if you cannouto complish what i once acomplished you shall go fror mysity amptyhanded fort is not right that brave man hould yeuled opt to one n who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_6: but if you cannot t complish what i wontce accomplished you shall go fror my city empty handed for t is not writ that a brave man should yield ought to one who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_8: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go fom my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield ought to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_10: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_12: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave

file: 7641-96670-0024.flac
expected: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_2: then jason uterly confounded cass his ys uponheground
	layer_4: then jacon utterly confounded cast his eyes upon teground
	layer_6: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_8: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_10: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_12: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground

file: 7641-96670-0025.flac
expected: i will dare this contest monstrous as it is
	layer_2: i wil dare this contest montsrecat is he gis
	layer_4: i will dared this contest monce recatis the gas
	layer_6: i will dare this contest monhstrousatasigays
	layer_8: i will dare this contest monstrousadas i days
	layer_10: i will dare this contest monstrous ates it iys
	layer_12: i will dare this contest monstrous atas it is

file: 7641-96670-0026.flac
expected: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_2: as he saend this he sald iyese if media gro wiede as with fer
	layer_4: as he saeid this he saw th eyes of media gro wiede as with fear
	layer_6: as he said this he saw the eyes of media grow wide as with fear
	layer_8: as he said this he saw the eyes of media grow wide as with fear
	layer_10: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_12: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear

file: 7641-96670-0027.flac
expected: phrontis and melas went to where their mother was
	layer_2: romtismels went to werdar mother waes
	layer_4: romticead melse went toweare tner mother was
	layer_6: promptus and mels went to wher their mother was
	layer_8: promptis and mls went to where their mother was
	layer_10: promptis and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_12: promtis and mels went to where their mother was

file: 4831-25894-0000.flac
expected: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_2: but what cenide sofe smalnstipit an shiis i m
	layer_4: but what cannry do sof smallan stupit in shi as i m
	layer_6: but what can i do so small an steepid and shy as i am
	layer_8: but what can i do so small and stupi and shy as i am
	layer_10: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_12: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am

file: 4831-25894-0001.flac
expected: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_2: i must fin some way to giv thl littlons atase crismess
	layer_4: i must find some way to giv the little ones anice christmess
	layer_6: i must find some way to give the little one's an ice christmas
	layer_8: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_10: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_12: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas

file: 4831-25894-0002.flac
expected: tommo will like to have me go with him and sing while he plays his harp in the streets
	layer_2: tom ol liketo have rego ith him en saing ile he placus hearpen the streets
	layer_4: tom o liked to have re goith him ent sing while he placees harp in the streets
	layer_6: tomoll like to have re go ith him an sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_8: toa will like to have we go with him and ssing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_10: toma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_12: toma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets

file: 4831-25894-0003.flac
expected: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_2: hyes i wll chi and then if i do wel thelittleon sha havet e meary crismens
	layer_4: yes i will cry and then if i do wel the little onecshi have a mery christmets
	layer_6: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shal have a merry christmats
	layer_8: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_10: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_12: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas

file: 4831-25894-0004.flac
expected: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_2: but seet anit is coldin the streigts the wen bights ion the snow fraces onsingers
	layer_4: lut seivtanet is caled in the streets the win bits in the snow frases onesfingers
	layer_6: but sea van et is cold in the streets the wind bits in the snow prazes one fingers
	layer_8: but see van it is cold in the streets the wind bites ind the snow phrazes one's fingers
	layer_10: but see tven it is cold in the streets the wind bites in the snow phrases one's fingers
	layer_12: but sea than it is cold in the streets the wind bites in the snow phrases one's fingers

file: 4831-25894-0005.flac
expected: she thanked tommo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_2: she then't tlmow and ran awayde to get ready for she v out sr h o fother would not ne ees her anytheing
	layer_4: she thankt tell mo and ran away to get ready for she feut ser her father would not meee her anything
	layer_6: she thank tema and ran await to get ready for she felt sure her father would not rfuse her anything
	layer_8: she thanked talma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_10: she thanked talmo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_12: she thanked talmo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything

file: 4831-25894-0006.flac
expected: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_2: then she wased out littlerunsas frack ind put it sa dry becasshe oald notteowl s doit the extay
	layer_4: then she washed eut little runcses frock and put it oddry becase she would not bhe owlds do at the nextday
	layer_6: then she washed out little runs as frock and put it o dry because she would not be aldst do at the next day
	layer_8: then she washed out little ransas frock and put it o dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_10: then she washed out little ransa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do ithe next day
	layer_12: then she washed out little ransa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day

file: 4831-25894-0007.flac
expected: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_2: she long to make the beds end drest the children ovfrnig she wasen sucho herye do have all inorer but as at could not pe she sat doun genend chide o or all thes soun she nu
	layer_4: she longe to make the beds and dresst the childrn overnight she was in such a hurrye to have all in order but as that cold not be she sat down agan an chite o ver all the soun she knew
	layer_6: she longed to make the beds and dresse the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all en order but as that could not be she sat down again and chide over all the saenc she knew
	layer_8: she longed to make the beds and dressed the children o ver night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and chried over all the soent she knew
	layer_10: she longed to make the beds and dress the children ever night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the soens she knew
	layer_12: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the soens she knew

file: 4831-25894-0008.flac
expected: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_2: whenh she had told her plan peter budary shol kiss had and gutuwoid never do bu tesso bake so hared he con sento d hat las that she should chriht for wot aweak and senter to bet the happ as littl growan neyork
	layer_4: when she a told her plan peter ben ary shoo his head and thught owould never do but tesso beke so heard he consented at lasst that she should triet for wone week and senter to bet the happi as little growl an teyork
	layer_6: when she had told her plan peter benarry shook his head and thought it would never do bottessa bege so hard he consented at last that she should tri it for one a week and senter to bed the happy es little grol in the york
	layer_8: when she had told her plan peter benar shook his head and thought it would never do botessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in the york
	layer_10: when she had told her plan peter bernary shook his head and tought it would never do buttessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_12: when she had told her plan peter bernary shook his head and thought it would never do buttessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york

file: 4831-25894-0009.flac
expected: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tommo's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_2: as sinis her fa ther was gone tosiflo about im put everythinginmicse order telling the childen she was going out for the day ind they were tomind tome was mother who woid seeha buthe fir and the ditter for the god weomen leve tesi in inturden to her little plaams witholl her heart
	layer_4: as sin as her father was gone tosiffluew about him put every thing in mice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mine tome was mother who ould see about the fire aind the ditner for the good women levet es and intured in to her little plaims withall her heart
	layer_6: as soon as her father was gone tosta flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tome was mother who would see about the fire in the dinner for the good woman leve esa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_8: as soon as her father was gone testa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tumb was mother who would see about the fire in the dinner for the good woman leved tesa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_10: as soon as her father was gone testa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom a's mother who would see about the fire in the dinner for the good woman leved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_12: as soon as her father was gone testa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom as mother who would see about the fire in the dinner for the good woman leved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart

file: 4831-25894-0010.flac
expected: poor tessa's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_2: pore tess as heart bee fastis shehtruged toay with tomo who slungius hearp oer hi sholder ad gavherus hand
	layer_4: por tes is heart beet fast a she truaged doway with tomo who slungias hearp over his shulder and gave her his hand
	layer_6: portess's heart beat fast as she truged away with tomo who slung es hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_8: portess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_10: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_12: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand

file: 4831-25894-0011.flac
expected: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_2: it was ratheradurty han but so kime that tessucon tot aind kevp lioking up at the frend ly brounfas ferne cragement
	layer_4: it was rather adirty hand but so kimn that te saccon to it and kep looking up at the friendly broun face fer n poragement
	layer_6: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that testo clung to it and kit looking up at the friendly brownd face for enpouragement
	layer_8: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tesa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_10: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_12: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement

file: 4831-25894-0012.flac
expected: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is merry and will make the laugh whispered tommo tuning his harp
	layer_2: see now have no fher give them bel amonica that is maryi and willmake the lagh wasperetumm tonin his hap
	layer_4: see now have no feare give them belamonica that is mari and will make the laugh waspretoman tuning as hark
	layer_6: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marion will make the laugh wisprtoma tuning his harp
	layer_8: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tama turning his hearp
	layer_10: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tamo turning his harp
	layer_12: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tamo turning his harp

file: 4831-25894-0013.flac
expected: one fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_2: on  fat olvd frencepeen nawned to her in it seemed to helper very much fore she began to sing befor she tut and that was the heard is part of it
	layer_4: wen he fattled frenched meen not ted to her ind it seemed to helper very much for she began to sing before she though and that was the hard is part of it
	layer_6: en he fettld frenchman notted to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the heard as part of it
	layer_8: when i fat ald frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_10: when a fat ld frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_12: when a fat ld frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it

file: 4831-25894-0014.flac
expected: but tommo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_2: bu tombe shic is cruarly had an amswrd soerly ye en si took uthere firstd for tha love usic and ar ogf ar chuntry but hup emong weqrate hausses wi shall not always do wel
	layer_4: but tumboshock is curly had an answered soverly he as ti took yoe their e first for theyr love music and aure of ur country but up among te great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_6: but tomboshok is curle had an answered soberly yes i took you thei re first for they love music and ar of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_8: but tombo shook his curley had and answered soberly yes i took you there first for thei love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_10: but tombow shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_12: but tombow shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well

file: 4831-25894-0015.flac
expected: but she had made half a dollar for tommo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_2: but she hd ma e alf adaller for tommered ovit ed the mony farly ind she fought rich witheir shar
	layer_4: but she had made half adoller for tumer devit ed the mony fairely and she feuht rich with her shaire
	layer_6: but she had made half a dollar for tommer devided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_8: but she had made half a dollar for tomma divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_10: but she had made half a dollar for tommer divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_12: but she had made half a dollar for tomer divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share

file: 4831-25894-0016.flac
expected: her hands were covered with chilblains for she had no mittens but she put them under her shawl and scuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_2: her hans were covered with childlains for she had now mintns but she had put them munder her shal and shuffuld mearlyt awayn her bic boots villing so gld le the weq was over and nerly thredallers s afe and her pocket
	layer_4: her hands were covered with chil glains for she had no minttens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled marly oway in her big boots feling so glad the tha wekqwas over and nearly thredollars afe an her pocket
	layer_6: her hands were covered with chil glains for she had no mittons but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merily away in her big boots feling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_8: her hands were covered with chillglains fore she had no mitteons but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the weak was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_10: her hands were covered with chilllans for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_12: her hands were covered with chilllains for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket

file: 4831-25894-0017.flac
expected: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_2: how ga the strts wor that day
	layer_4: how gae the strets wer that day
	layer_6: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_8: how gav the streets were that day
	layer_10: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_12: how gave the streets were that day

file: 4831-25894-0018.flac
expected: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_2: how brescivery on wies and how brahte the faces lockt is people truded abou with bik baskets holly riath s an young ever grains gointo blossonm antosplunded prismisthres
	layer_4: how brisgevery one whas and how bright the faces luokd as people traded about with big baskits howly reaths and young ever greens gointo blossomanto splended cristmistres
	layer_6: how bristgivery one was and how bright the faces looked as people troded about with big baskets holly reths and young ever greens going to blossom into splendid christmas tres
	layer_8: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly weeths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_10: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_12: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees

file: 4831-25894-0019.flac
expected: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_2: but ia cant so w filf the sokal full and tbe happiy saidttessa ans sheloket wis fuli into the gastors and sa the heavy baskipts coby
	layer_4: but i can't so ial fill the soxs al full and behappy sid tesa as she looked whisfullyinto the ga stors and saw the heavy vaskits co by
	layer_6: but i can't so ill fill the sox alf full and behappy sitessa as she looked whistfully into the gaye stors and saw the heavy vaskets go by
	layer_8: but i can't so i'll fill the socks al full and be happy setessa as she looked wistfully into the gay dores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_10: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy citessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_12: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy citessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by

file: 4831-25894-0020.flac
expected: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had a plan as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trudged through the mud
	layer_2: who nows whot mey happenif wi you well erst urnetoma nounding wisly for he had plan thass well as tessa and ket chukling overd is e traged tu the mid
	layer_4: who knows what me happen if woidh you wellberturned tommo noning wisely for he had plan this well as tesa and kept chuckling over it as he cthrge though the mid
	layer_6: who knows what may happen if wuld you well wreturne tomo nouding wisely for he had pland thas well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trged through the mid
	layer_8: who knows what may happen if wuld you well returned tomo nodding wisely for he had planed as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he churdged through the mud
	layer_10: who knows what may happen if we dou well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he churged through the mud
	layer_12: who knows what may happen if we dou well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he churged through the mud

file: 4831-25894-0021.flac
expected: we'll try one more street and then go home thou art so tired little one
	layer_2: whl chi wen more stret in than go hom thou at so tired little one
	layer_4: whil thriy one more streeat and then go home there ts so tighred little one
	layer_6: weill tr y one more street and then go home there at's so tired little one
	layer_8: well try one more street and then go home ther t so tired little one
	layer_10: we'll try one more street and then go home theyr ut so tired little one
	layer_12: we'll try one more street and then go home theyr its so tired little one

file: 4831-25894-0022.flac
expected: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_2: at the forth somepeope at them sang al ther sons an gave nothing
	layer_4: at the forth some people at them sing alther songs and gave nothing
	layer_6: at the fourth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_8: at the fourth some people et them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_10: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_12: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing

file: 4831-25894-0023.flac
expected: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tommo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_2: tessof felt so great full that without wading for tommo she singer sweetad slittle song allolown
	layer_4: tes e felt so greatful that without waiting for tommo she sanger sweeta slittle song all lo lowne
	layer_6: teste felt so grateful that without waiting fortomo she sang her sweet a s little song all alone
	layer_8: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_10: tessta felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_12: tessta felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone

file: 4831-25894-0024.flac
expected: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_2: alast momas said rose and away she wentonto the dining or nm closby
	layer_4: ilast momas said rose and a way she went in to the dinting ram clost by
	layer_6: ilast mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_8: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_10: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_12: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by

file: 4831-25894-0025.flac
expected: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine in tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_2: as the doropentd tessesou at looke to herlike a faeryfeast al solver mogsan flowry plats an orngoes an nuts and rosy win an talglaspicurs and smooking dicias thot s not so deliciously she could not re stran a little snifof satesfaction
	layer_4: as the door opened tecessow hit looke to herlice a fary theast al slver mugs an flowery plats an ornges and nots and rosy wine and tall glasspitcurs and smoking dicius thats nult so deliiously she could not restrain a little snife of sat isfection
	layer_6: as the door opened tesa saw woat looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glasspitchers and smoking dishes that smult so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfection
	layer_8: as the door opened tessa saw wat looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_10: as the door opened tessa saw what look to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_12: as the door opened tessa saw what look to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction

file: 4831-25894-0026.flac
expected: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_2: il ya si shol come with much cgladness and play as never ind my life po for  cri tomme witht e florsh of the old cap tat mad the childerend laug
	layer_4: a yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before crid tommo with ha florsh of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_6: a yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a floorish of the old capt that made the children laugh
	layer_8: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_10: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_12: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh

file: 4831-25894-0027.flac
expected: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_2: heve these too our brother said the fery prencestuffing nots an orngesento tessass hans
	layer_4: eve these to your brother said the fary prence tuffing notsan ornges an to tes es hands
	layer_6: give these to your brother said the fairy prine tuffing nuts and ornges indto test es hands
	layer_8: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and orages into tesstas hands
	layer_10: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into testas hands
	layer_12: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into teshas hands

file: 4831-25894-0028.flac
expected: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_2: as so kime so very cind i have noway o say thintyou but runs a shall be for you a haved ly angal and i wias sing may heard oupt foryour treet cri chese folding themiatens esif she old say ra par of theinkfonness if she nyou how
	layer_4: a'h so kin so very kind i have noway to say thank you but runs a shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my hard out for your tree crid chresa fllting the mittenses if she would say a par of think fulnes if she knew how
	layer_6: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runs as shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried chressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayir of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_8: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runsa shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tesa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_10: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tresa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_12: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how

file: 4831-25894-0029.flac
expected: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_2: she got uperly to see of the soks were alr ight and there she foun the moust thistonishing sight
	layer_4: she got upperly to see of te sox were alright and there she found the most tistonashing sihte
	layer_6: she got up early to see if the soxk were all right and there she found the most estonishing sight
	layer_8: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_10: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_12: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight

file: 4831-25894-0030.flac
expected: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_2: for soxsinssait of thre and by the forth pin dout quite elgetly was a wittle dress evenant wy ment for her o wore wollandress all main an actale with bright butins on it
	layer_4: for soxen sid of three and by the forth pindoubt quit elegently was  little dress evenently ment for her oh warm wollen dress all maide an actually with bright butons on it
	layer_6: four soxinsad of three and by the fourth pined out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm wollendress all maide and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_8: four socks insted of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_10: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_12: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it

file: 4831-25894-0031.flac
expected: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_2: tesa scramedad danst in her daight and of tombee al the choldren to scram en dance wit her making orreagular coarn of onet smalsekil
	layer_4: tes a screamed adanced in her delight and of tumble all the childre to scram and dance with her making aregular calrn of ona small sgale
	layer_6: tesa screamed anddanced in her delighte and uptumble all the children to scream an dance with her making a regular carnivl on a small scale
	layer_8: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream an dance with her making a regular carnivale on a small scale
	layer_10: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_12: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale

file: 4831-25894-0032.flac
expected: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_2: in hr ong stoking she found al soerdts of thresiures for tome ow had stuftit full of creathings ain his mother had matiengrbet in i every a magenrabll shate from that pags to fal umn evusses
	layer_4: in her long stocking she found all sorts of tressures for tome o had stuftet full of qrathings oin his mother had mayginderbed in o every amaginable shape from tat pigs to flla umnevusses
	layer_6: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed at full of queare things in his mother had maeinger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full umm nobusses
	layer_8: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of quear things and his mother had made tinger bred into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to fullo omnibusses
	layer_10: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made ginger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_12: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made ginger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses

file: 4831-25894-0033.flac
expected: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_2: littl ronmsowas excepto with dolight by the cind laty and her children and te solrn the soun quitieusily
	layer_4: little ranso as eccepto with delight by the kind lady in her children and tesa lern the son quiteasily
	layer_6: little ranza was excepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and teselernd the song quite easily
	layer_8: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tese learnd the song quite easily
	layer_10: little ronza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_12: little ronza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily

file: 4831-25894-0034.flac
expected: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_2: ares from the crout of choldrnd gatherd to the festifl
	layer_4: ares from the crowd of childrn gather to the festivl
	layer_6: aros from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_8: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_10: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_12: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival

file: 4831-25894-0035.flac
expected: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise
	layer_2: befor therg went hom the kind momy til tessis sh e should be her frend and gaive her motherlykass whash orm the chows heart in sem to seti pseial upon that prommeise
	layer_4: before they went home the kind mo ma tol tesishse should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which worm the chws heart in seme to set a tceeal upon that promis
	layer_6: before they went home the kind mama told tessish he should be her friend and gave her motherlykiss which warmd the child's heart and seemed to set a ticial upon that promise
	layer_8: before they went home the kind mamma told tessis he should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set apsil upon that promise
	layer_10: before they went home the kind mamma told tessis she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a icil upon that promise
	layer_12: before they went home the kind mamma told tessis she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a picil upon that promise

file: 4831-29134-0000.flac
expected: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_2: the seneder toook us seed in the polpit with the ministrown one site of him and the superintended of the sundacecol on the other
	layer_4: the senator took his sed in the pulpit with the ministron one side of him and the superintinded of the sunda schol on the other
	layer_6: the cenator took his seat in the pulpet with the minas tron one side of him and the super intenden of the sunday school on the other
	layer_8: the senator took his seat in the poulpit with the ministeron one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday shool on the other
	layer_10: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_12: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with he minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other

file: 4831-29134-0001.flac
expected: so awed were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_2: so ad war they by the presen s ofa livingun ited state sendeter that during threemitits notispit ollwas thron
	layer_4: so adware they by the presence of a living yunited state senter that during threeminuts not a spit ballwas thron
	layer_6: so oddware they by the presence of a living united state cenator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thron
	layer_8: so oddwere they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_10: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_12: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown

file: 4831-29134-0002.flac
expected: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_2: after that theyd began to compto themselles by tagrees an presently the spoll as hollygone and the wer re sihing virses and polniy hair
	layer_4: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was holdly gon and they were reciting verses and puliyg hair
	layer_6: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spel was holly gone and they were recidting verses and pullin hair
	layer_8: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pollihair
	layer_10: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polihair
	layer_12: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polihair

file: 4831-29134-0003.flac
expected: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_2: the sual sundascal ecxtersises were heried thoroo and then the minestirgot up and bord the house with the speachbilts on the cust mariou sun deascol plaan then the siperein tendet put in his or a then the toumedingutaries had theirsa
	layer_4: the usual sunday schl exercises were huried throug and then the ministirgot up and board the house with ha speechd bilt on the custimary sunday scol plan then the superen tendente put in his or t then the town ding itaries had theire say
	layer_6: the usual sunday schol exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with ta speech built on the custumarys sunday scool plan then the cuperintendant put in his oar nd then the town dignitaries had ther say
	layer_8: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customarys sunday school plan then the superintendant put in his oar then the town dignitaries had theire say
	layer_10: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his or then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_12: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his or then the town dignitaries had their say

file: 4831-29134-0004.flac
expected: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_2: and iam some populus senter of my own contry were the choicus choldrn of the lant have beenselected and brougt ogether as at a faire for apprise now
	layer_4: and iam some populouss senter of my own country were the choices childrn of the lant ave been selected and brought together as at a fair for a pris no
	layer_6: am i am some populous center of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prise no
	layer_8: am i am some populouse centr of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_10: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_12: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no

file: 4831-29134-0005.flac
expected: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_2: than weream yes werally
	layer_4: then whereami yes werea i
	layer_6: then wheram i yes wher am i
	layer_8: then where am i yes wher am i
	layer_10: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_12: then where am i yes where am i

file: 4831-29134-0006.flac
expected: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_2: my so ais lost ind onder at the thuht
	layer_4: my sol ais lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_6: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_8: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_10: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_12: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought

file: 4831-29134-0007.flac
expected: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_2: arthas now hir no grander position for mye
	layer_4: urthhas no highre no grender prossition for me
	layer_6: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_8: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_10: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_12: earth has no higher no grander position for me

file: 4831-29134-0008.flac
expected: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_2: than watis it what ded my conscies nissre ply
	layer_4: then whatis it what ded my conscious nessreply
	layer_6: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_8: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_10: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_12: then what is it what did my consciousness reply

file: 4831-29134-0009.flac
expected: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_2: oa think of that niw i could hardly kep the ter's back i was sograteful
	layer_4: a think of that nw i could hardly keep the tears back i was so greatful
	layer_6: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tars back i was so grateful
	layer_8: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tars back i was so grateful
	layer_10: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_12: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful

file: 4831-29134-0010.flac
expected: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_2: they coon not give him o cossly adgucation but they were gourd and whies and they senthim to the sondascor he love the sonnasco
	layer_4: they culd not give him a cosly edducation but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunda scol he love the senna scho
	layer_6: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sened him to the sunday scho he loved thesonday schol
	layer_8: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_10: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_12: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0011.flac
expected: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_2: i hope yo love your sone dayschol y se e y your faces that you do t that is right
	layer_4: i hope you love your sonday scol i seieveby your faces that you do that is right
	layer_6: i hope you love your sunday school i see y your faces that you do that is right
	layer_8: i hope you love your sunday school i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_10: i hope you love your sunday school  i see hy your face is that you do that is right
	layer_12: i hope you love your sunday school a i see hy your face is that you do that is right

file: 4831-29134-0012.flac
expected: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_2: iaways lov yurteacheres my childrn for theyt leve y u more tha you can now n ow
	layer_4: always lov your teachurs my childrn for they love you more tha nou can now now
	layer_6: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_8: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_10: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_12: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now

file: 4831-29134-0013.flac
expected: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_2: and by an by the people mayde him govener and he sed it was all owing to the sundayschol
	layer_4: and byand by the people made him governer and he seid it was all owing to the senday scholl
	layer_6: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday schooll
	layer_8: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_10: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_12: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0014.flac
expected: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_2: why the peoplegaivin a towering halustrius position a grand imposing position
	layer_4: why the people gave him a towering elestrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_6: why the people gave him a towering elestrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_8: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing phosition
	layer_10: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_12: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing phosition

file: 4831-29134-0015.flac
expected: it was senator of the united states
	layer_2: it was sendader of thean ited states
	layer_4: it was sendeter of the nihted staes
	layer_6: it was sendator of the eunited states
	layer_8: it was senator of the united states
	layer_10: it was senator of the united states
	layer_12: it was senator of the united states

file: 4831-29134-0016.flac
expected: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_2: tha por luit a boy that leved is andthey squall became that man that man stans befor you
	layer_4: that por little boy that leved his enday sqhuol became that man that man stans before you
	layer_6: that poor little boy that loved his sunday sqhooll became that man that man stands before you
	layer_8: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_10: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_12: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you

file: 4831-29134-0017.flac
expected: above all things my children be honest
	layer_2: above al things my childrendt pe honest
	layer_4: above au things my childrent be onest
	layer_6: above al things my children be honest
	layer_8: above all things my children be honest
	layer_10: above all things my children be honest
	layer_12: above all things my children be honest

file: 4831-29134-0018.flac
expected: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_2: whoen sunerder doar they dopirted from cattle vil he lefhtd the reed usond boise behind im aringian cim phane of life whose abject of point was eenited stap senit
	layer_4: when csuneder dower thy departed from cattlevill he left th reedesan boys behind him arangian cam pain of life whose ubject iove point was teenited stape sen it
	layer_6: when eendard or dilwrthy departed from cattlevill he left three dozen boys behind him arrangin a campain of life whose ebjective point was the united stape senit
	layer_8: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose ubjective point was the united state senat
	layer_10: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united state senate
	layer_12: when senator dillworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united state senate

file: 4831-18525-0000.flac
expected: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresden and all our hard work over music won't it be fine though to jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_2: never mine poly suchasper there's al nex sumemer and augtar wen turin dresdin and allur heard work over music one haf be fin tho s a jon't round tegin and is ise lissend
	layer_4: never min poly suggasper there's al nexk sumer and afht oura win turin drestdon and allar hard work over music one afe be fine tho ha joun't round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_6: never mind polly said jasperd there's all nexkt summer and afterour win terin dresdon and all our hard work over music one huvd be fine those a jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_8: never mind polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after ou winter an dresdon and all our hard work over music on't i be fine those who jauntd round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_10: never mind polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after our winter and dresdon and all our hard work over music want it be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_12: never mind polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after our winter and dresdon and all our hard work over music wont o be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened

file: 4831-18525-0001.flac
expected: and you'll go on drawing and painting until you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the louvre maybe the louvre cried adela o dear me polly pepper
	layer_2: and nolo go on jing an painting tlo you get to be areat artestran on poll ain thisiasticaly and then wll sy some thing youve d n in the lovfh mayby the loved crette dila o dar me pally pepper
	layer_4: and yol go on joing and painting till you get to be agreat ardistran on pllyanthisiasticaly and then will se something yo've dne in the love may be the love crite dala o dear mee poly pepper
	layer_6: and you'll go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artest rain on polly and thisiastically and then will see something you've done in the lofe may be the love crid adela oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_8: and you'll go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artist rin on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_10: and you'll go on dawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_12: and you'll go on dawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper

file: 4831-18525-0002.flac
expected: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_2: tome sel when had envery sov erturing oll this mariy chatter an now ing his seet a crosst the nera ile he drime dis heels anpatiant l on the flor
	layer_4: tome sell whone had been very soveerduring all dtis marry chatter and now in his seat a crossd the narrow eyle he dramed his helsint patiently on the floor
	layer_6: tome sellone had been very soveerduring all this marriy chatter and now in his seat across the narrow isle he drumed his hels inpatiently on the floor
	layer_8: tom selwin had been very sover during all this merryed chatter and now in his seat across the narrow isle he drubmed his heels anpatiently on the floor
	layer_10: tom selwin had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_12: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor

file: 4831-18525-0003.flac
expected: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's just this tom
	layer_2: what sup little mother askt tom insuppries at hern usual manner it sis this tob
	layer_4: what's up little mother aske tom in surpris at her n usual manner it sis this tomb
	layer_6: what's up little mother asked om in surprise at her nusual manner it' sis this tomb
	layer_8: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner itsis this tomb
	layer_10: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it siss this tom
	layer_12: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it siss this tom

file: 4831-18525-0004.flac
expected: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_2: when the newse was serculyded as it was prty sun that the partyt was not to be broken intwo at all to paris was icompledet story thet u vlaytioan was suciust to satisfi even tom
	layer_4: when the news was cerculaded as it was prety soon that the party was not to be broken into at all tlpparise was ticompleted story the dublation was suchus to satisfy even tome
	layer_6: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was tha completed story the gubilation was such as to satisfy even tome
	layer_8: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was tha completed story the jubelation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_10: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was the completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_12: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was the completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom

file: 4831-18525-0005.flac
expected: oh isn't it oats peas beans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_2: io isin i oats puse beans and barly gro cri polly as they wached the mententily
	layer_4: o isenit oats peusebeans and barly gro crid poly as they watched themintently
	layer_6: isen it oat's pesbeans and barle gro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_8: oh isn't it oat's peeasbeaans in barleigro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_10: oh isn't it oats peasbeans an barleygrow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_12: oh isn't it oats peasbeans an barleygrow cried polly as they watched them intently

file: 4831-18525-0006.flac
expected: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_2: and is long oarm whene oud and picketo jack andend ovan ercon whot incosious ly regarting such quieat travelers as not warth miding had hover tnnearo al trind to tese the girls
	layer_4: and is long arm whonte out and pick to jack adendofan euarcine wo incociously regarding such quiet travelers tas not worth minding had hover to near wile trin to tese the girls
	layer_6: and his long arm went out and picked to jacad end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers this not worth minding had hover too near while trying to teas the girls
	layer_8: and his long arm went out and picked a jack en end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_10: and his long arm went out and picked a jacked end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_12: and his long arm went out and picked a jacked end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls

file: 4831-18525-0007.flac
expected: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_2: and presntly a women cameen eook littleblup in a for of and then the ressteof the girls ud claste their hans an the ring meltd away in the game wasover
	layer_4: and presently a woman came in sook little bluop ien o fore off and then the rest of the girls utden claste their hands and the ring meltod away in the game was over
	layer_6: and presently a woman came and took little blupintar four off and then the rest of the girls utdenclasped their hands and the ring melted away an the game was over
	layer_8: and presently a woman came and took little blue penn of fouroff and then the rest of the girls uan clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_10: and presently a woman came and took a little blue pen afour off and then the rest of the girls udand clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_12: and presently a woman came and took a little bluepen afoure off and then the rest of the girls udand clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over

file: 4831-18525-0008.flac
expected: i'm glad the girls over here have fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_2: in glid the girls over her have fun sad polly as grampa pione his prarty movedoff isin itnice tothingk thidou
	layer_4: anm glad the girls over her havf fun sad poley as grampapin his party move d off is an' t nice to thing thi do
	layer_6: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as granpupao in his party moved off isn't atnice to think they do
	layer_8: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_10: i'm glad the girls over here haf fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_12: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do

file: 4831-18525-0009.flac
expected: two or three days of rest at martigny put everybody in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_2: two were h redays of rest at martne put eve reone in good shape and give the ll abut af timep to pike up n many little things that wer  behind hand
	layer_4: twowar threedays of rest at martene put everyone in good shape and gaive the m alle abut of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_6: two or three days of rest at martn put everyone in good shape and gave them alla bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_8: two or three days of rest at martny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_10: two or three days of rest at martiny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_12: two or three days of rest at martiny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand

file: 4831-18525-0010.flac
expected: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i am going to begin on joel's
	layer_2: that's my thared letter poly and ouncs jaspert on the other sit o the table nown going to be gin unjols
	layer_4: that's my thired letter poly andnouns jasbert on the other sidt of the table now an going to began unjouls
	layer_6: that's my third letter polly and nounce jasper on the other side of the table now am going to begin on jals
	layer_8: that's my third letter polly announced jaspr on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on jols
	layer_10: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on jols
	layer_12: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on jolls

file: 4831-18525-0011.flac
expected: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished jasper
	layer_2: one to said polle counning why r thoght aed writen' thre whalet this wan his most finnishe desper
	layer_4: one too said poli counning whey ar thought id writtnt three whl this won is most finishe desper
	layer_6: one too said polycounning why i thought i'd riten three whll this one is most finish desper
	layer_8: one two said polly counting whey i thought i'd written three whell this one is most finish desper
	layer_10: one two said polly counting whey i thought i'd written three well this one is most finish desper
	layer_12: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finishe desper

file: 4831-18525-0012.flac
expected: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_2: dr said tom to lede tat thikte that no terabowrdsauht had reillyand side from his wordcs that after they werout had scare him mightily
	layer_4: dar said tome delide to thik that no terrablwards aut had really an id from his words that after they were out had scared him mihtilly
	layer_6: dare said tome delighded to think that no terrible wardsalt had really anseud from his words that after they were out had scared him mightaly
	layer_8: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_10: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_12: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily

file: 4831-18525-0013.flac
expected: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_2: i' pouset oer to polle give ten her
	layer_4: i'l post o or too poly give the here
	layer_6: i'll post ouor's too poly give them here
	layer_8: i'll post your too polly give them here
	layer_10: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_12: i'll post yours too polly give them here

file: 4831-18525-0014.flac
expected: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a franc out of joel's little money bag that hung at her belt
	layer_2: then his taycsbrightend and he said and shes riht polly whal polly fisedtuop fread out of jhols little money bage that houng in her belts
	layer_4: then his face brightened and he said and she's righte ply while poly fishedto frank out of jells little money baggd that hung en her belt
	layer_6: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fish a frank out of jols little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_8: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fishe to frank out of jol's little money baged that hung in her belt
	layer_10: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished o frank out of jowl's little money bagd that hung in her belt
	layer_12: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished o frank out of jowl's little money bag that hung in her belt

file: 4831-18525-0015.flac
expected: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on as he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_2: do get the stams please esperinput the mone and he took ou phar to letters and she gave the bagollitl pat forjal sayke whishing at was histobbe blck hre that ter fingers col tuch
	layer_4: do get the stampe pleasedjesper in put the mon and he took up per two letters and she gave the baggalittle pat for jil sake wishing it was his sduby black hare that her finger's coul touch
	layer_6: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jelsake wishing it was his stubby black haire that her fingers could touch
	layer_8: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jol's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_10: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jol's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_12: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joll's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch

file: 4831-18525-0016.flac
expected: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for our round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_2: i do' no ere we argoin to gent isewate paper forea round ropen said polly laningher lbos on the tabl ind her chin in er hands i now ajaculytid tome worling on his heel and dashing olt
	layer_4: i don'know were we ar going to git icswaite paper for o round robon said polly leaning her elbos on the table ind her chin in her hands i know ajaculyted tome worling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_6: i don't know where we are going to get nise wait paper for a round robin said poly leaning her elbluss on the table and her chin in her hands i know ajaculated tome worling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_8: i don' know where we are going to get nice wait paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elblos on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_10: i don't know where we are going to get nice wight paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_12: i don't know where we are going to get an ice wight paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out

file: 4831-18525-0017.flac
expected: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_2: i wha't plly too sid fronsy rigling away from the hend tha polly howd at aloringly
	layer_4: i whan't poly to sid fronsy riggling atway from the pend that poly howt out aloaringly
	layer_6: i wan't polly too said fronziy riggling away from the pen that polly howd out aleringly
	layer_8: i want polly too said pronzie wriggling away from the pen that polly howd out aluringly
	layer_10: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly heowed out alluringly
	layer_12: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly hewed out alluringly

file: 4831-18525-0018.flac
expected: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_2: fromsy who hadden herd wut polly sad her small had being full of the rsfons billity of beginning thy importn letter and couldsidering son sit was to be dun it was bes to have at over withi sin is pospble thellt ascriblingaletters ts fassis she cld af em wronning down hil
	layer_4: fromsy who hadden heard what polly said her small had being full of the responsibility of beginning the mportan letter and could sidering sine it was to be done it was bless to have it over with is sonas possible feltiscribling e letters tis fasas she could all them running down hill
	layer_6: fromzi who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the importat letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt ascriblingthe letters as fast as she could all them running down hill
	layer_8: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt o scribbling the letters as fast as she could allo them running down hill
	layer_10: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt o scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_12: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt o scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill

file: 4831-18525-0019.flac
expected: it's all right granddaddy'll like it he said
	layer_2: it'sourigt gran athil i cud he said
	layer_4: it's olrighte gran dathe al lik cet he said
	layer_6: it's al right grandathil likeould he said
	layer_8: it's all right grandatia like it he said
	layer_10: it's all right gran dandyee like it he said
	layer_12: it's all right grin dandi like it he said

file: 4831-18525-0020.flac
expected: i tell you you don't know my granddaddy he's got lots of fun in him he added
	layer_2: i tell eyou you to't kno my grandaety hes colt latso fun in him he atdei
	layer_4: i tell yu you don't kno my gran day hes caugt lot s o fun en him he ad ed
	layer_6: i tell y you don't know my grandadty he's caut lots to fun in him he hadded
	layer_8: i tell y you don't know my grand daddy he's caugt lots of fun in him he added
	layer_10: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's gaught lots of fun in him he added
	layer_12: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lots of fun in him he added

file: 4831-18525-0021.flac
expected: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_2: i wi't crint any mord to clar fronsy wayephing off the las eare trailing down her nows
	layer_4: i wn't crit any more to clare fronsy wiping off the last thear trailing down her nowse
	layer_6: i won't cry any more de clard froncy wiping off the last er trailing down her nose
	layer_8: i won't cry any more declared pronzie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_10: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_12: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose

file: 4831-18525-0022.flac
expected: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_2: thenni shall be all as well as ever sad poly kising e wet little face
	layer_4: then i shall be all as well as ever said poly kising the wet little face
	layer_6: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_8: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_10: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_12: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face

file: 4831-18525-0023.flac
expected: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_2: we must woulnin what lappictures taid polly trind o makerself cery as the wrkq uene vusilion
	layer_4: we must pwouln in whet l pictureus thatd poly trindto makeerself cery as the work uwone busilion
	layer_6: we must put inwhat'll picture staid polly tryig to mak horself cheery as the work wene busilyon
	layer_8: we must put in what 'le picture said polly trying to make heurself cheery as the work wen busily on
	layer_10: we must put in what'll pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_12: we must put in what'll picture said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on

file: 4831-18525-0024.flac
expected: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_2: plle you always dou think of the best things ucclame jasper beming ad her whach matter triy hearder tha n ever to smile
	layer_4: polly you always do think of the best things uclame jasper beming at her which mater try harder than ever to smile
	layer_6: polly you always dou think of the best things exlaime jasper beaming at her which made e try harder than ever to smile
	layer_8: pollay you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_10: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_12: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile

file: 4831-18525-0025.flac
expected: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gingerbread boy
	layer_2: i woent' feils o atly polly he minigh to asprwon fronsy was o bsor wirt therwork ill i eu prol wy just isfauthe dit tha gh inch red boy
	layer_4: i woldn't feel sobadly polly he manised to asper on fronsy was obsord withthaer work hill lite youdprolbly just is father dit the ginch red boy
	layer_6: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he manaed to a sper whene fronzy was absorved with her work hell ligke yould probly just as father did the ginchred boy
	layer_8: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to hispur when pronzie was absorbed with her work hell like oit probably just as father did the cincher bred boy
	layer_10: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gincherbred boy
	layer_12: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gincher bred boy

file: 4831-18525-0026.flac
expected: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily halloo just look at him now
	layer_2: he seemsto  complis something every tim e gose ob serve jasper drily olo us sloocan i now
	layer_4: he seemesto a complish something everytim y gose observe jas per drily allo jusliok at him now
	layer_6: he seemd to accomplishe something everytime he gos observe jaspered dryly allo just lok et him now
	layer_8: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasperd dryly ello just look at him now
	layer_10: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now
	layer_12: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now

file: 4831-18525-0027.flac
expected: o dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_2: ot dyeare me exquaime to dala as her sysi slipt naw yove jok o the tale again then she cu pollyes i
	layer_4: o dear me exclaime to dala as her siser slippt not yo've jak of the taple again then she cut aleys i
	layer_6: o dear me exclaimed todala as her cisr slipped nowt yu've jogko the taple again then she cught poly's iye
	layer_8: oh dear me exclaimed tedela as her scisors slipped now you've jocgle the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_10: o dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've jogled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_12: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've jocgled the table again then she caught polly's eye

file: 4831-18525-0028.flac
expected: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_2: rather not much a bliged tam bopedis things
	layer_4: rather not much ob liched tom bobd his thinks
	layer_6: rather not much obliggd tom bobbed his thinks
	layer_8: rather not much obliged tum bobbed his thanks
	layer_10: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_12: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks

file: 4831-18525-0029.flac
expected: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_2: pittureafter pictur cut fr ral rod gid boks illastrated papers and it seeme to jesporgather d is if by magick with cunning little foutagras brok up the letter and wound din a nowt with funy in thurming detal of some wof their jurny
	layer_4: picture after picture cut from rail rod gid books illastrated papers and it seemed to jespergatherd is if by magic with cunning little fotagrahs brok up the letter and wauand din an owt with funny andcharming detale of some of their gjorney
	layer_6: picture after picture cut from rail road guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs brook up the letter and wound ind and out with funny and charming detale of some of their journey
	layer_8: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_10: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_12: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey

file: 4831-18525-0030.flac
expected: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say he'll like that the best of all
	layer_2: the rest of it is nice wasprejesperd and aventhoul to say that hell likethat the best of all
	layer_4: the restif it is nice wisper jaspern and eaventhould to say that hel like that the best of all
	layer_6: the rest ofe it is nice wisper jesper and a ventured to say that holl like that the best of all
	layer_8: the rest of it is nice whispered jesper and a ventured to say that holl like that the best of all
	layer_10: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say that hel like that the best of all
	layer_12: the rest of it is nice whispered jaspert and i venture to say that hel like that the best of all

file: 4831-18525-0031.flac
expected: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write me a letter sometime
	layer_2: mister king thougt so tny beme d it fronsy so you id he criet nothat's fioni was shu rit neleter some tiid
	layer_4: mister king thought so too any bemed it fronsy so you did he cried nothat's fin i wish youd reit neeal letter sometie
	layer_6: mister king thought so too anhe beamed at fronzi so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd rihte neea letter sometime
	layer_8: mister king thought so too and he beamed at hronzie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write nea let her sometime
	layer_10: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write kneal letter sometime
	layer_12: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write kneal letter sometime

file: 5849-50964-0000.flac
expected: i don't know how to say good by to you nellie told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_2: i don' o hate sakeood bied hyou kmlwly tol dorthe ian nen n exmorning
	layer_4: i don' no had a say could bid hyeou nellhe told dorthy in an nex morning
	layer_6: i don't knowt had a say good bid you mell he told dorthy and en ext morning
	layer_8: i don't know hod to say good bye to you nelly told dorothy and an next morning
	layer_10: i don't know how to say good bye to you nelliy told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_12: i don't know how to say good by to you nellie told dorothy and nann ext morning

file: 5849-50964-0001.flac
expected: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_2: allvhat ol be spelendied teclardinan
	layer_4: oh that will be splended declaredinan
	layer_6: oh that will be sflended declared nan
	layer_8: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_10: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_12: oh that will be splendid declared nan

file: 5849-50964-0002.flac
expected: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_2: you're quit rich now r you reman torty
	layer_4: you are quite rich nowar you remantortthy
	layer_6: you are quite rich now art you remandorthy
	layer_8: you are quite rich now art you remarnked dorothy
	layer_10: you are quite rich now art you remarked dorothy
	layer_12: you are quite rich now art you remarked dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0003.flac
expected: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_2: and dortiyg whent upen da wng the room whike the picurs of sinddirellas prodsisters
	layer_4: and dorthy went up en dayon the rom whike the picures of sind derellas prowd sisters
	layer_6: and dorthy went up an day on the room wike the picurs of sinderella's proud sisters
	layer_8: and dorothy went up andday in the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_10: and dorothy went up and dal n the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_12: and dorothy went up and dal in the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters

file: 5849-50964-0004.flac
expected: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_2: a we 'ild bhe oan hand thinkyu wia plied the jiopkin dorty
	layer_4: and we wil beonmhand thank you el plied the joking dorty
	layer_6: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorthy
	layer_8: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_10: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_12: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0005.flac
expected: come nellie called missus mc laughlin i am ready where is your hat
	layer_2: come newly cal missi we glocklin i ready weresyor hat
	layer_4: come nelly clled missus le glocklin i'am ready wheres your hat
	layer_6: come nelly caled missusfl glocklan i'am ready where's your hat
	layer_8: come nelly called missus fl glocklin i'm ready where's your hat
	layer_10: come nelli called missus mglawklan i'm ready wher's your hat
	layer_12: come nelliy called missus mglawklan i'm ready wher's your hat

file: 5849-50964-0006.flac
expected: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him
	layer_2: we miht be ill to mange thart two naly toled him
	layer_4: we might beble tomanige that too nally told him
	layer_6: we might be able to manae that too nelly told him
	layer_8: we might be able to manage that too nelly told him
	layer_10: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him
	layer_12: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him

file: 5849-50964-0007.flac
expected: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_2: my auncls a firmen and he contage e sthro th hisengiinhouse
	layer_4: my uncle is a firemen and he contake a thrugth hisengien house
	layer_6: my uncl is a firemen and he can take u through h his encion house
	layer_8: my uncle is a fireman and he can take u through his engiine house
	layer_10: my uncle is a fireman and he can takeuth through his engine house
	layer_12: my uncle is a fireman and he can takeut through his engine house

file: 5849-50964-0008.flac
expected: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_2: molst of the my gas insherd brt
	layer_4: most of the my gas insered birt
	layer_6: most of them y ges answered birt
	layer_8: most of them i guest answered bert
	layer_10: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_12: most of them i guess answered bert

file: 5849-50964-0009.flac
expected: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_2: wel we have hat a good the cation and i wiling to gotowark gin
	layer_4: well we have had a good be cation and im willing to go towork gin
	layer_6: well we have had a good pecation and i'm willing to go to work gin
	layer_8: well we have had a good vacation and i'm willing to go to work again
	layer_10: well we have had a good vacation and i'm willing to go to work again
	layer_12: well we have had a good vacation and i'm willing to go to work again

file: 5849-50964-0010.flac
expected: so am i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_2: so  mi declarednan becation was just long an a fite thint
	layer_4: so a my declared nan becation was just long an au hfight think
	layer_6: so a my declared nan becation was just long ind i fite think
	layer_8: so am i declared nan bication was jest long en a i think
	layer_10: so am i declared nan vication was jes long enouff i think
	layer_12: so am i declared nan vication was jest long enouf i think

file: 5849-50964-0011.flac
expected: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddie and flossie were busy packing up
	layer_2: misster bovese was down from theity of course to take the feain ly home and now al hance even reaty in plosy wre busu pracingup
	layer_4: mister bobsee was down from the city of course to take the fanly home and now all hans even fredy an plosy were busy pracking up
	layer_6: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plosy were busy packing up
	layer_8: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plossy were busy packing up
	layer_10: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and flosiy were busy packing up
	layer_12: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and flosi were busy packing up

file: 5849-50964-0012.flac
expected: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoop the cat
	layer_2: theryewe the shels to welookdafter the fishinats besides downy the duc andsnent the cat
	layer_4: there were the shells to we looked acter the fish ntes besides downy the duck and sninth the cat
	layer_6: there were the shells to we looked after the fishnets besides downey the duck and snook the cat
	layer_8: there were the shells o be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snooked the cat
	layer_10: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets beside downy the duck and snooked the cat
	layer_12: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snooked the cat

file: 5849-50964-0013.flac
expected: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_2: and sor littl frins had spent all their recation
	layer_4: an so ar little friends had spent all their recation
	layer_6: and so or little friends had spent all their vication
	layer_8: and so our little friends had spent all their vocation
	layer_10: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_12: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation

file: 5849-50873-0000.flac
expected: captain bull the commander of a small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_2: calftimbul the hmander of o smae girasn at sayboroo permiteve him to land but when the goverind o be gan to reade his commistion ful ordered him to be silent
	layer_4: caftem boul the cmader of ha smal garasn at sabrook prmited him to lan but when the governo began to read his comission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_6: cafptain bo the commander of e small garison at sabrook permitted him to land but when the governo began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_8: captain bult the commander of the small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_10: captain but the commander of the small garrison at seybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_12: captain bult the commander of the small garrison at seybruok permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent

file: 5849-50873-0001.flac
expected: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_2: whit as happin mister prinse whats werith anset for he thod ee thut the manlwas greatelyexcitred goveen er enderows us comagain ges mster prince whi should that allar mus the felow thougl givin to bosting is not deengrus ora libl te pete sthirets int execkation but he is grownd injerus to lared misterprince the lierties of the colliny ar n vald
	layer_4: what is happen mister prince was werth ased for he toodsee that the man was greatly xcitered govern er androws has come again gest mister prince why should that ae larmus the fellow though givento bosting is not deangrous or a liable to putes threts into execetion but he is grown denjerus declared mister prince the liberdies of the collanyear invaled
	layer_6: what is happened mister prince wads worth asked for he tcould see that the man was greatly excited givernor andros has come again guessed mister prince why should that alarmas the fellow thoug given to boasting is not dangerous or aliable to put hi threats into execution but he was grown dian deress declared mister prince the liberties of the coloniar indvouled
	layer_8: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again guessped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow thoug given to boasting is not dangerous or a liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colonyeare involved
	layer_10: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony areinvolved
	layer_12: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved

file: 5849-50873-0002.flac
expected: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_2: apt in wads wr f became a little onensy though he was sto in clin tod treete the matter lightely
	layer_4: aptain wads werth became a little unesy though he was still enclined to treet the matter lightly
	layer_6: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_8: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_10: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_12: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly

file: 5849-50873-0003.flac
expected: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_2: we have stuerinlye fhuse to el lar cturtervallntarly ford is the garty novher politicle brigts
	layer_4: we had stuberinly e fused too yeald our churter vallwenterily forit is the guardy anover politticale brights
	layer_6: we had stuberngly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardy anovhoer political brights
	layer_8: we have subbornly refused to yield our chargere voluntarily for it is the guardiand of our political brights
	layer_10: we hade stubbornly refused to yield our charger voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_12: we hade stubbornly refused to yield our charger voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights

file: 5849-50873-0004.flac
expected: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viceroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_2: that is tr cakin wads werefh conte need nmisterprince and to sodearestoveremess thi spisry his come to heart ferd widh six ty and men to dhe mand the surender of the charter in prson
	layer_4: that is tre capken wadsworth continedmister prince andto subdo ore stover ness the s visroy has come to heart frd with sixty arnd men to deman the surender of the charter ind person
	layer_6: that is true capain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stuernness this vistroy has come to heart ford with sixty armnd men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_8: that is true capin wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the chardor in person
	layer_10: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_12: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person

file: 5849-50873-0005.flac
expected: captain wadsworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_2: captan waswer bounded to as sfee in a rage and placing as hand on the hilf of this sor declard he sho ot hoik
	layer_4: captain waswert vounded to is sfeet in a rage and placing has hand on the hilt of his sor decleared he shall nat hait
	layer_6: kaptain waswerh founded to hisfeet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilth of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_8: captain wazwor founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilth of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_10: captain wasworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_12: captain wasworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it

file: 5849-50873-0006.flac
expected: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engaged in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_2: the daye was well my s fpent when he a rivdes and the memberes wering teeved in he heted to bat hon a subject of the ountmo stim ortens
	layer_4: the day was well mysefent when he arrives and the members were ing deeved in a heated to bat hon a subject of the untmostem portans
	layer_6: the day was well nice fen when he arrived and the members were ingdeeved in aheated tobate on a subject of the untmost importance
	layer_8: the day was well nice spent when he arrived and the members were indeeped in a heated debaite on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_10: the day was well ni spent when he arrived and the members were endeved in a heated debait on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_12: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were endeeved in a heated debait on a subject of the utmost importance

file: 5849-50873-0007.flac
expected: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_2: he consemeted how ever to a waite the the scussion bht tha soesthit was ended he the clared thay he would howe the chuarter
	layer_4: he consemted however to awaite e descussion whet the soon a that was ended he declare that he would howt the churter
	layer_6: he consented however to await the discussion whete the soon a tit was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_8: he consented however to await the discussion whet as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the chartor
	layer_10: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_12: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter

file: 5849-50873-0008.flac
expected: after the captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_2: fter that caftind had taken toerhre turncs af crosse the rome he pose n ased
	layer_4: after that captain had taken two er three turnce a cross the room he posd end tased
	layer_6: after that captain had taken two or threeturntse across the room he paused and asked
	layer_8: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_10: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_12: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked

file: 5849-50873-0009.flac
expected: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_2: what is the a seme lyd doin angagedan the bhat
	layer_4: what is the asemly doin an gagedon de bat
	layer_6: what is the assembly doing engaged an debate
	layer_8: what is the assembly doing engaged and debat
	layer_10: what is the assembly doing engaged ind a debate
	layer_12: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate

file: 5849-50873-0010.flac
expected: and will he wait until it has ended he has promised to do so
	layer_2: and wil he waide an tillit hsended he as prommis to de sel
	layer_4: and willt he wait entillit sended he has promis to dowso
	layer_6: and will he wait until it diended he as promised to do so
	layer_8: and will he wait until it esended he has promised to do so
	layer_10: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_12: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so

file: 5849-50873-0011.flac
expected: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read there a desperate determination captain he began
	layer_2: mister prienceswixtes an nas yes on the caten'sface and read thear duspreteto terminetion capteen hetegan
	layer_4: mister prince fixtes a mnaed eyes on the captain's face and readthe re despert tetermination cadin hetygan
	layer_6: mister prince fixtes a mazed eyes on the captain's face and read theire desperat determination captain he egan
	layer_8: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read theire desperate determination captain he began
	layer_10: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read their desperate determination captain he began
	layer_12: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read their desperate determination captain he began

file: 5849-50873-0012.flac
expected: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_2: mister prince boud and ae slu returene to the holuseswherte sembly as in cussion
	layer_4: mister prince boud and ha slew returned to the house swhere the sembly wasan cession
	layer_6: mister princs bowd and hatslew returned to the house  were theasembly was in session
	layer_8: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in cession
	layer_10: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_12: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session

file: 5849-50873-0013.flac
expected: as soon as he was gone charles stevens said
	layer_2: ats soonethehas gone call stevin said
	layer_4: ats soonats he as gone charl stevan said
	layer_6: as soon as he was gone charl stev an said
	layer_8: as soon as he was gone charle stephen said
	layer_10: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said
	layer_12: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said

file: 5849-50873-0014.flac
expected: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_2: yes trolseol answer wut to ne n ucle
	layer_4: yes ts ho wll answer wat thyo neen uncle
	layer_6: yes taarles we will answer wat oyou need uncle
	layer_8: yes chaarles e will answer watdoyou need uncle
	layer_10: yes charles he will answer what do you need uncle
	layer_12: yes charles he will answer what do you need uncle

file: 5849-50873-0015.flac
expected: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_2: newrded te baters teke grater intresst int a mine subbect
	layer_4: nev wer ded te baters ak greter intresst in  min a subjrect
	layer_6: never did the baters take grater intrest in a minor subject
	layer_8: never did the baders take greater interest in a miner subject
	layer_10: never did te baters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_12: never did the baters take greater interest in a minor' subject

file: 5849-50873-0016.flac
expected: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_2: what tev en ten deing uncle whel you frit them
	layer_4: what th you entend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_6: what do you inten doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_8: what do you intend doing uncle will you afright them
	layer_10: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_12: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them

file: 5849-50873-0017.flac
expected: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor too late
	layer_2: wember the wrfh wes be ton  right at te time mot e seen nor tolry
	layer_4: member the worth wes be thn eright at the time mot to soo nor to ree
	layer_6: wember the worth wesbe don te right at the time not too soon nor to ra
	layer_8: member the worth must be done right at the time not too soon nor to reak
	layer_10: member the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor to reak
	layer_12: emember the work must be done riht at the time not too soon nor to reak

file: 5849-50873-0018.flac
expected: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_2: the senwas seddin and the capcten said
	layer_4: the sund was sedding and the capkdt in said
	layer_6: the sun was settering and the captain said
	layer_8: the sun was settring and the captain said
	layer_10: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_12: the sun was setting and the captain said

file: 5849-50873-0019.flac
expected: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_2: com chras let us haseon to the sembly
	layer_4: com chs let us hasten to thes sembly
	layer_6: com chals let us hasteneto the assembly
	layer_8: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_10: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_12: come charles let us hasten to the assembly

file: 5849-50873-0020.flac
expected: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_2: by kno meancs but i wont e to be fully in prast with the ceriousnesso oumition
	layer_4: by kno meancs but i wnt ee to befully in press with the seriousness of yourmission
	layer_6: by no means but i want ye to be fully impressed with he seriousness of your mission
	layer_8: by no means but i want yeu to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_10: by no means but i want yeu to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_12: by no means but i want ye to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission

file: 5849-50873-0021.flac
expected: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_2: take ur plase hralse and be fruared to deor part wis wre cap an atewerth
	layer_4: takeer place tls and be popared to de your part whith rere kaptin watcewoarth
	layer_6: take your pleace charles and be prepare to d your part withared captain wadsworth
	layer_8: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain washworth
	layer_10: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain watshworth
	layer_12: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain watchworth

file: 5849-50873-0022.flac
expected: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries as possible without attracting special attention
	layer_2: chros goht is clos to the long ta be iuse bith sereterious is posibl withouter tracting specialatention
	layer_4: chris got is close to the long ta bee used bi the secreterious is possible withoutotracting special attention
	layer_6: chris god is close to the long tat bl used by the secreterious is possible without a tracting special attention
	layer_8: charls go is close to the long tabble used by the secreterios is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_10: charles got is close to the long tabble used by the secretaris is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_12: charles got is close to the long table used by the secretaris is possible without attracting special attention

file: 5849-50873-0023.flac
expected: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_2: the dhiscusion went on therkniss kame and forladed candl replats on thetaul in two saite on eself on the wall
	layer_4: the discushion went on thearkness came and for lated candle d replates on the tal in two said on ashelf on the wall
	layer_6: the discussion went on darkness came and fourlagded candles werplates on the table in too set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_8: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles wereplats on the table in two set on a self on the wall
	layer_10: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles wreplaced on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_12: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles wreplaced on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall

file: 5849-50873-0024.flac
expected: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stationed near them
	layer_2: thous to candles on the wall where a gread ed noin s o chrous antil d son anstatio nur them
	layer_4: those to candles on the wall where a greed anoint tuthrows andtil he sam manstaf on ner them
	layer_6: those wo candles on the wall were agreet annoints tho chrals until he sa a man stafian near them
	layer_8: those wo candles on the wall were a greet annoyince to charles until he saw a man station near them
	layer_10: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man station near them
	layer_12: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man station near them

file: 5849-50873-0025.flac
expected: though the lights were extinguished through the windows the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_2: though thet ligh swer extingwishd thrug the window the thin starlet dinwly i leminate the seen
	layer_4: though the lightes wer xtinguishe thrugh the window the faints starlet dimly elomanated the seen
	layer_6: though the lights werextinguished through the window the faint starlet dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_8: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_10: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starliht dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_12: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene

file: 5849-50873-0026.flac
expected: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_2: he follod him has raped las he could
	layer_4: he followed him is rapitdl ase he could
	layer_6: he followed him as rapidl as he could
	layer_8: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_10: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_12: he followed him as rapidly as he could

file: 5849-50873-0027.flac
expected: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seized his arm
	layer_2: thesh was cof be ind him and when they wr out sid seusd es om
	layer_4: the uth was cuofe behined him and when they were outsidesused his arme
	layer_6: the youth was quofh behind him and when they were outsides sused his arm
	layer_8: the youth was cloth behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_10: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seoused his arm
	layer_12: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside sused his arm

file: 5849-50873-0028.flac
expected: boy have a care how you approach me
	layer_2: oif han thecare halyu proat me
	layer_4: oyf ha the cere hall you prote me
	layer_6: oh i hather cear ho you proach me
	layer_8: o i ha te cer hall you pproache me
	layer_10: oh i ha the tir hal yo approached me
	layer_12: o i ha he tir how you approached me

file: 5849-50873-0029.flac
expected: the soldiers began to crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bands came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_2: the soldrse be gan the crowtd about the hos when ata sy no from tcapting wadswarth tha trame bance kane on the seen and prepared to graple with the solsers
	layer_4: the soldergs begain the crowd about the house when atisi nil from capin wasworth that trame bance came on the seen and prepared to graple with the soldsiers
	layer_6: the soldiergs begin the crowd about the house when at a signal from capting wadsworth thet train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_8: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_10: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train banced came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_12: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train banced came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers

file: 5849-50873-0030.flac
expected: where is the charter
	layer_2: weeisthe charter
	layer_4: whereres the charter
	layer_6: where is the charter
	layer_8: where is the charter
	layer_10: where is the charter
	layer_12: where is the charter

file: 5849-50873-0031.flac
expected: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_2: you hav eoarsolders of the dor and we hovf the thraine bams o cnacat readyd tod the frindus againse filncs
	layer_4: you have yeour soldiers of the door and we he ave the train bans of cnanicate ready to te findes againsd filence
	layer_6: you have your soldiers of the door and we haeave the train bands of conenicate ready to defind us against fiolence
	layer_8: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of comnenticate ready to defind us against violence
	layer_10: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of communicate ready to defend us against violence
	layer_12: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of commenicate ready to defend us against violence

file: 5849-50873-0032.flac
expected: who of you has the charter
	layer_2: ho ofe ewu hasthe charter
	layer_4: woo of you has the charter
	layer_6: woho of you has the charter
	layer_8: wo of you has the charter
	layer_10: who of you has the charter
	layer_12: who of you has the charter

file: 5849-50873-0033.flac
expected: it was the boy cried the enraged governor
	layer_2: it was he boy criedin riansgoverinen
	layer_4: it was the boy crid inran sgoverner
	layer_6: it was the boy cried inransd governor
	layer_8: it was the boy cried eenrinhed governor
	layer_10: it was the boy cried theinrin governor
	layer_12: it was the boy cried theenrin governor

file: 5849-50873-0034.flac
expected: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_2: ev ere member of the sambley shaook their heds
	layer_4: e ery member of thes sem bly shook their heds
	layer_6: everymember of the asembly shook their heads
	layer_8: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_10: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_12: every member of the assembly shook their heads

file: 5849-50873-0035.flac
expected: we do not know him he does not live in connecticut where does he live
	layer_2: we' do not know him he das mut liing to hatrait wherte's he live
	layer_4: we d o not know him he does not living to hadticet where t o he live
	layer_6: we do not know him he does not living to aticate where doee he live
	layer_8: we do not know him he does not living tomateket where does he live
	layer_10: we do not know him he does not living tinateqet where does she live
	layer_12: we do not know him he does not living tinateqet where does she live

file: 5849-50873-0036.flac
expected: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_2: littledhed the captin or s yuth fol sistindrenen theth thirf simple act woultd make the ol tree hi stort
	layer_4: littleded the captain ors youth fulcistan drein thath their simple act would make the old tre his stort
	layer_6: little did the captain or s youthful asistant dreang that their simple act would make the old tre his storc
	layer_8: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dreaam that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_10: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_12: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic

file: 5849-50873-0037.flac
expected: the tree in which the document was hidden was ever afterward known as the charter oak
	layer_2: the tree in which thue doneat was hitting was ever afg trweres nowntes churter oke
	layer_4: the treein which the dofneat was hitding was ever aftherwars knownas charter ok
	layer_6: the tree in which the dofenat was hittding was ever afterwars knownast charter oak
	layer_8: the tree in which the dopint was hidtdeng was ever afterwards known as chartor oak
	layer_10: the tree in which the dophnt was hitting was ever afterwards known as charter oak
	layer_12: the tree in which the dophneat was hitting was ever afterwards known as charter oak

file: 5849-50873-0038.flac
expected: it remained vigorous bearing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_2: it remane they giri speriang frut evere ear and tittle the little aftri mid nigen algus eghteentifty ics when it was prostre ted by  ha y storm of wend
	layer_4: it remained the grus sparing rouite every year antitdle a little afteremidnightin algus eighteentifty fict when it was prostrited bya hay storm of wind
	layer_6: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year antitale a little after midnightin agust eighteen tifty tix when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_8: it remained the griss sparing fruit every year untiltal a little after midnightin august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_10: it remained that gris sparing fruit every year until a little after midnightin august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_12: it remained that gris sparing fruit every year unti a little after midnight in august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind

file: 5849-50873-0039.flac
expected: when the order for the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_2: when the order from the seesure of the cartofsats forst made known e sembly  vror islan sen an mls oyil agasto the king saing
	layer_4: when the order from the sigur of the chartervs wihs first made nown ye sembly roh island sent amos loyl agets to the king saying
	layer_6: when the order from the sesure of the charders whis first made known ye sembly roislans sent a most loyal agets to the king saying
	layer_8: when the order from thi siegur of the charters was first made known the assembly ro island sent a most loyal addecs to the king saying
	layer_10: when the order from the sieger of the charters was first made known the assembly of roe island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_12: when the order from the sieger of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhoe island sent a most loyal address to the king saying

file: 5849-50873-0040.flac
expected: he formally dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the functions of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_2: he formaly the solve fthe sembly brok the sil of the clny which bore the fhi ger ofan aner and  the word hop and mainted fiven te inhavbetince indto as lithe slytof counsl and the soom the funtion of govenoer but he did not takeaway the perchumen un which the charter was ritin
	layer_4: he formialy desolve thesembly broake the sal of the calliny which bor the figur of an anger and  the word hope and mintded fiven the inhabtnce into ais litislyt of council and e soumed the function of governer but he did not takaway the parchmen unwhich the charter was riten
	layer_6: he formerly desolved the asembly broke the ceal of the colony which bore the figure of an antor and the word hope and mitered fivein the inhabitancs into his ledislateov council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_8: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislativ council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_10: he formerlly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_12: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written

file: 5849-50873-0041.flac
expected: from that time until the enforced union of the colonies for mutual defence at the breaking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along the frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_2: from that tim un till bthe for snion of the collenins srmatuald the fecs at the berthin out of the friencg in in dthe in wr dhein havbitenceof rowd islin bor ther shar in te dhe frenstof eerds espechily en the hosstilsvages hunmga long their frentures  of neor ly can ill omant clod
	layer_4: from that time until the foreunion of the colinigsfrmatuald the fents at the birthing outo the friench in indein war theen habitence of rode islan bor their share in the defrence of eards especially when the hostal sabages hung along ther frenturso of neor likecan ill oment lod
	layer_6: from that time until the for stunion of the colonis fremutual defence at the birthing out of the french and indian war the enhabitans of roade island bor their share in the diefrenceif eforts especially when the hostal savages hung along their frentersof newyork like an ill oment cloud
	layer_8: from that time until the foureunion of the colonis fr mutual defence at the berthing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rode island bore their share in the defrenceofe efforts especially when the hostile savbages hung along their front iears of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_10: from that time until the forced union of the colonies form mutual defence at the bertking outof the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defence of efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiersof new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_12: from that time until the forched union of the colonies from mutual defence at the berting outof the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defence of efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiersof new york like an ill omened cloud

file: 5849-50873-0042.flac
expected: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_2: the histreythat conenwelfh is ha dennafid with thut of all me inlan from the begining o kimg williums war soon atfer tthexpulltiromntof anderos
	layer_4: the histreos that comment welth is ha denafired with that of all nmy winglan from the beginding of kimg wllioms war soon aftre tothexpultion of andros
	layer_6: the history f that commontwealth is adenified with that of all newengland from the beginning of king williams war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_8: the history of that common wealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_10: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of androws
	layer_12: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of androws

file: 5849-50963-0000.flac
expected: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_2: a beate fallday had gon out of the drad ful storm
	layer_4: a beautofall day had grone out of the dreadful storm
	layer_6: a beautiful day had gron out of the dreadful storm
	layer_8: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_10: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_12: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm

file: 5849-50963-0001.flac
expected: and everybody was so happy
	layer_2: and dheverevodyn with so happy
	layer_4: and everyboding with so happy
	layer_6: and everyboddy with so happy
	layer_8: and everybody was so happy
	layer_10: and everybody was so happy
	layer_12: and everybody was so happy

file: 5849-50963-0002.flac
expected: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_2: the nep tim the the s al theteds struck onthe sand bar wats nosteyfulye ancered neur shor and the silous kammin annoute in robots thacinforth tillnt jus to syishd
	layer_4: the nepcen the vhessal that id struck on the sandfar wath nos tyfly angered neour shore and the silars came in in out in robotes bhack in forth toland just to sty wished
	layer_6: the neptin the vessel that had struck on the sandfar was now cstayfelly anchured near shore and the scailars came in an out in roboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_8: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sandfare was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_10: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_12: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished

file: 5849-50963-0003.flac
expected: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_2: then we had to goback to work at the logs went on the captin and then one of ver cru to tha fever
	layer_4: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one ofvour cruw took a fever
	layer_6: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_8: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_10: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_12: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever

file: 5849-50963-0004.flac
expected: that was what delayed us so
	layer_2: that was what te leathu so
	layer_4: that was what de leat a so
	layer_6: that was what deledus so
	layer_8: that was what delideth so
	layer_10: that was what delideth so
	layer_12: that was what delideth sow

file: 5849-50963-0005.flac
expected: finally we had every log loaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_2: fi noly we had every la loyed on h sconer and we started o
	layer_4: finally we had every lol glowtded on the scooner and we started off
	layer_6: finally we had every lae gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_8: finally we had every law gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_10: finally we had every law gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_12: finally we had every law gloaded on the schooner and we started off

file: 5849-50963-0006.flac
expected: we counted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_2: we canted oun get in hon luss week when this la stre strukess and drol us ut of ar corse
	layer_4: we camnted on get in homeless week when this las storm struck as and drowvus out of ar chourse
	layer_6: we can'pt it on get ing home las week when this last storm struck us and drov us out of our hourse
	layer_8: we campd it on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our hourse
	layer_10: we campted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_12: we campted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course

file: 5849-50963-0007.flac
expected: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_2: abut the thalou askenmisterbobsy who as dawnd fromn dthe sitty
	layer_4: abote the vallu askedmister bobsy who his downed from the ity
	layer_6: about the value asked mister bobsy who as down from the city
	layer_8: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was downe from the city
	layer_10: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was downed from the city
	layer_12: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was downed from the city

file: 5849-50963-0008.flac
expected: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_2: the vol ou were pieted the capft in the sied so t the stranders magt it her
	layer_4: the valou were peated the caft in he side so hth the strangers mgte not hear
	layer_6: the value werepeted the caftain taside so tht the strangers might not heare
	layer_8: the value werepeated the caftain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_10: the value repeated the caftain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_12: the value repeated the caftain aside so that the strangers might not hear

file: 5849-50963-0009.flac
expected: well i'm a rich man now and so is my mate mc laughlin for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_2: whill ive wrich mi now and so as my mat me glolclaen for that would bas contractes forby s he lagest and ricious panaw hoerm in this countre and now id is all but telivered to them and the money in or hnance
	layer_4: while imarich mi now and so is my mat maglolklin for that would was contracted fore by the leargest and richus peano herm in this country and now it is all but te livered to them and the money in aurhnans
	layer_6: while i 'am a rich man now and so as my mate megloclan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and riches pianofirm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our haands
	layer_8: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate m glalan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piaanofirm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_10: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mcglawklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest pianofirm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_12: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glawklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands

file: 5849-50963-0010.flac
expected: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accumulate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_2: yesendd it wol ive sakean as life tan to kimlyte his much mon as we have eurnd in the sher
	layer_4: yes indeed it whut have teaken es a life time to kimlat is much money as we hae earned in the chear
	layer_6: yes indeed it would have take en es a lifetime to keem lad as much money as we have earned in this her
	layer_8: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to cimlate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_10: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a ceme late as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_12: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to aceeme late as much money as we have earned in this year

file: 5849-50963-0011.flac
expected: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_2: mi he ont moly wil takou dn to the siting ont her shohing tor sugjested nan
	layer_4: mea the on eionly will take ye daund to the citiy on her shothing toowr suggested nan
	layer_6: me the on emmily will take you dan to the city on her shofping toor suggested nan
	layer_8: me the aunt emily will take you dnto the city on her shopping toar suggested nan
	layer_10: mevie aunt emily will take you dawn to the city on her shopping toour suggested nan
	layer_12: metie aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan

file: 5849-50963-0012.flac
expected: he made the clerks remove all the truck from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_2: he nad te clircs om of all the truct rom the iles and i ges everybatyi was glad the armetull down
	layer_4: he made theclerc rom ove all the truck from the iles and i guests everybody was glad the armytfelld down
	layer_6: he made the clercs om ove all the truck from the isles and i guesse everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_8: he made the clerk o move all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_10: he made the clerks tro move all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_12: he made the clerks tromove all the trucks from the isles and i guessd everybody was glad the army fell down

file: 5849-50963-0013.flac
expected: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_2: the wontohul resh air that these menlavedin nid inday had braten theire eyes two so that evan the plines tfacet and he mos oward man among them was as nimbo as in atlyt from his perfictexercie
	layer_4: the oneeful fresh air that these men livedin night inday had bright n their eyes too so that even the planest fasced and the most akard man among them was is nimble as an athlet from his perfictdexercise
	layer_6: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night in day had brightene their eyes too so that even the planest fast and the most awkwared man among them was as nimbl as in athlit from his perfect exercise
	layer_8: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightend their eyes too so that even the plainest facetd and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlet from his perfect exercise
	layer_10: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_12: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise

file: 5849-50962-0000.flac
expected: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_2: called birt who had hured his uncle geting ready to rin down to the wat earsudge
	layer_4: called birt who had heard his uncle gettng ready to run down to the water sadge
	layer_6: called birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the waters edge
	layer_8: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_10: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_12: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge

file: 5849-50962-0001.flac
expected: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minturn and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_2: it's esschoner said mister bing am to misstermnter and she i the very heaty cargol
	layer_4: it's a schooner said mister being him to misterminter and she a the very heavey cargoe
	layer_6: it's a schooner said mister bingam to mister minter and she has ha very heady cargo
	layer_8: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she as a very heavy cargo
	layer_10: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_12: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she has a very heavy cargo

file: 5849-50962-0002.flac
expected: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_2: to this cord was fassonda hivey groperceble
	layer_4: to this cord was fastendat hivye roper kable
	layer_6: to this cord was fastened a heavy roper cable
	layer_8: to this cord was fastened a heavy ropeer cable
	layer_10: to this cord was fastened a heavy roper cable
	layer_12: to this cord was fastened a heavy roper cable

file: 5849-50962-0003.flac
expected: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cable
	layer_2: what' that bord fore asprt an she aw bord following the keble
	layer_4: what's that board for aspert ads he saw board following the keble
	layer_6: what's that board for aspert as he saw board following the keeble
	layer_8: what's that board for asbert as he saw a board following the keeble
	layer_10: what's that board for asbert as he saw a board following the keybel
	layer_12: what's that board for askbert as he saw a board following the keybel

file: 5849-50962-0004.flac
expected: that's the directions said hal
	layer_2: thacs the direction sad how
	layer_4: thats the directions stad how
	layer_6: that's the directions sad how
	layer_8: that's the directions said how
	layer_10: that's the directions said hal
	layer_12: that's the directions said hal

file: 5849-50962-0005.flac
expected: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_2: the re printedin e embervl ing wiges and the tell he cruto cure the end of the ckeable hih up to the masd and fasin istrongly ther
	layer_4: the repprinted in henumber ov languiges and the tell the cru to carry the end of the kable high up to the mast and fasin it straongly ther
	layer_6: they re printed in the number of languages and they tell the crouew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastene it strongly there
	layer_8: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastened it strongly there
	layer_10: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_12: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there

file: 5849-50962-0006.flac
expected: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches buoy will go out on a pulley
	layer_2: oa i se said pert the lin will strechd then and the breaches vuly wll goo on apolly
	layer_4: oh i see said bert the line will strutched then and the breaches vuly whill goot on a puly
	layer_6: oh i see said burt the line will stretche then and the breeches booly wilel go out on a poly
	layer_8: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bully will go out on a polly
	layer_10: oh i see said bert the lin will stretch then and the breeches boully will go out on a pully
	layer_12: oh i see said bert the lin will stretch then and the breeches boully will go out on a pully

file: 5849-50962-0007.flac
expected: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_2: it was cleare daye now and much of the whick ild storm ad past
	layer_4: it was cleare day now and much of the wicket storm had paset
	layer_6: it was clear day now ind much of the wicked storm had pased
	layer_8: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_10: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_12: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed

file: 5849-50962-0008.flac
expected: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_2: wehedeyeli cin grels and wominto the beach
	layer_4: with bthe delihte can girls and lominto the bech
	layer_6: with the day light cing girls and lominto the beach
	layer_8: with the daylight king girls and lominto the beach
	layer_10: with the daylight king girls and lomon to the beach
	layer_12: with the daylight king girls and lomin to the beach

file: 5849-50962-0009.flac
expected: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossie and freddie being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_2: missus boby miscsus minteurng nawly and herm other besidstorthe at nan wer all ther flosy andfreaty beeing abloged to stay hlme with dinnd sisen
	layer_4: missus bobsty missus minturn nowly and her mother besides dorthy an nan were all there flosy and fredy beeing ablodged to stay home with dini in sisin
	layer_6: missus bobsy missus minturn nelley and her mother beside stdorthy and nam were all there flosy and freddy being oblodge to stay home with dina insusen
	layer_8: missus bobbsey missus minterne nelly and her mother besides dorothy and nam were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and susan
	layer_10: missus bobbsey missus mintern nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and susan
	layer_12: missus bobbsey missus mintern nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan

file: 5849-50962-0010.flac
expected: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and bert and hal tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_2: of cuourced the girls ast al sorts ofquessions and brtan hol tri tot enswer then mis pess thy clod
	layer_4: of coursed the girls astd al sords of quesions and birtain hou tried to answer then mis bes they cood
	layer_6: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burten how tried to answer thenm is best they could
	layer_8: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burten how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_10: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howl tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_12: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howl tried to answer them as best they could

file: 5849-50962-0011.flac
expected: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buoy was returning
	layer_2: is seem dhalong timyfore anyg move ment of the cavblee shod that the boylwas turining
	layer_4: it seemed the long time befor any movement of the cable showe that the boiylwas returning
	layer_6: it seeme the long time before any movement of the cable showe that the boi was returning
	layer_8: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the bly was returning
	layer_10: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buy was returning
	layer_12: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the bully was returning

file: 5849-50962-0012.flac
expected: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_2: ner and ner it camg an till now mans hedcould becng
	layer_4: nearrer a ner a came und till now a man'se had could be seen
	layer_6: nearer and near it came until now a man' head could be seen
	layer_8: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_10: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_12: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen

file: 5849-50962-0013.flac
expected: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_2: the girlsan woman were twho fraite to tok ad nowly clon close to her mother
	layer_4: the girlsing woman were two frighten to talk and nelly clunclose to her mother
	layer_6: the girlsand woman were too frightene to talk and nellye clun close to her mother
	layer_8: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nelly clung close to her mother
	layer_10: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_12: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother

file: 5849-50962-0014.flac
expected: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cork belt bounded upon shore
	layer_2: a bi roler dathing ind fin e s the work for the lfegurds and te man in the courtpelt barndit apon sor
	layer_4: a big roler dashing in finishe the work for the lifekiards and e man in the courtbelt barneded upon shore
	layer_6: a big roler dashing in finished the work for the life girds and a man in the courtbelt barnedit upon shore
	layer_8: a big roler dashing in finished the work for the lifeguirds and a man in the courthbelt bandid upon shore
	layer_10: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cort belt banded upon shore
	layer_12: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cort belt banded upon shore

file: 5849-50962-0015.flac
expected: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_2: everybuty gathit around ad nowly with the straneface and astrandger holp broke hru the crout to see the resked men
	layer_4: everybody gathed around ad nuwly with the strangeface and a strangyoer hop broke through the crowd to see the resked man
	layer_6: everybody gathered around atd knelly with the strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crow to see the reskied man
	layer_8: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crow to see the rescued man
	layer_10: everybody gathered around and nelli with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_12: everybody gathered around and nelli with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man

file: 5849-50962-0016.flac
expected: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_2: o it is my father she scrend falling wreagt intio the arncse of the drincet man
	layer_4: oh it is my father she screened falling reiat into the arnce of the drenched man
	layer_6: oh it is my father she screanmed falling riht into the earents of the drenched man
	layer_8: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arats of the drenched man
	layer_10: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the ars of the drenched man
	layer_12: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the ars of the drenched man

file: 5849-50962-0017.flac
expected: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_2: but the halftrned man rub tis eys is of fe could nopolieteh them then the nexminat he presst as little d ughter tu whis heart andeable o spek le word
	layer_4: but the half trouned man rubed his eyes its if fe could not beleve them then the nexminate he presst as little daugher to ais heart an able to speak a word
	layer_6: but the half dround man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minite he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_8: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_10: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_12: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word

file: 5849-50962-0018.flac
expected: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_2: and is jorge bing imilt ther anxsious sly as the brother
	layer_4: and is jorge being him out there anxiously ased the brother
	layer_6: and his george binghim out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_8: and is george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_10: and dis george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_12: and dis george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother

file: 5849-50962-0019.flac
expected: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_2: safe and wel kin the lolk am inswer
	layer_4: safe and well kin the walcom anster
	layer_6: safe and well kam the welcome anster
	layer_8: safe and well kame the welcome anster
	layer_10: safe and well came the welcome anser
	layer_12: safe and well came the welcome answer

file: 5849-50962-0020.flac
expected: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_2: i gesir rers were herd lesnt
	layer_4: i gues ir rears were her d dlasnaght
	layer_6: i guess our priars were her last night
	layer_8: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_10: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_12: i guess our prayers were heard last night

file: 5849-50962-0021.flac
expected: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_2: he r comd inother man exclenedt the peopl as this ting a bignan dashet on sans
	layer_4: he re comedanother man exclemed the people as this time a bignan dashed on sanse
	layer_6: here come another man exclemed the people as this time a bignan dashed on sanse
	layer_8: here comed another man exclimed the people as this time a big nman dashed on sands
	layer_10: here comed another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on sands
	layer_12: here comed another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on sands

file: 5849-50962-0022.flac
expected: well i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_2: whill id te clar we dideland onta frinly shor
	layer_4: while i declar we didtlaned on a friendly shore
	layer_6: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_8: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_10: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_12: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore

file: 5849-50962-0023.flac
expected: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and hal's uncle
	layer_2: jises misster bing himseid thuhli saving worke turned out to be a social f fhere for there as a great tine grudting nelly sfather and hous uncle
	layer_4: justis mister bing himsaid the li saving work terned out to be a social af fair for there was a great time greding nelly sfather and hous uncle
	layer_6: just as mister beinghim said the li saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeding nelly'sfather and house uncle
	layer_8: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and house uncle
	layer_10: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelliy's father and howl's uncle
	layer_12: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and howl's uncle

file: 5849-50962-0024.flac
expected: and hal and his father too put in nan
	layer_2: and hown his wather to put in nan
	layer_4: and howan his father too put in na
	layer_6: and how in his father too put in nad
	layer_8: and how and his father too put in nann
	layer_10: and how and his father too put in nan
	layer_12: and how and his father too put in nan

file: 5849-50962-0025.flac
expected: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_2: wat a morning that was it sensep beah
	layer_4: what a morning that was it sonset bekch
	layer_6: what a morning that was it senseet beach
	layer_8: what a morning that was it sunset beach
	layer_10: what a morning that was it sunset beach
	layer_12: what a mourning that was it sunset beach

file: 5849-50962-0026.flac
expected: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_2: a'nd so lud wy prated said little floye t fretty hen t she heared the good nos
	layer_4: i'm so lad we prated said little floy t fready when t she heaed the good news
	layer_6: i'm so glad we prayed said little flosy to fredy when is she heard the good news
	layer_8: i'm so glad we preed said little flosy to freddy when as she heard the good news
	layer_10: i'm so glad we preaed said little fhlosy to freddy when she heard the good news
	layer_12: i'm so glad we prayed said little fhilosy to freddy when she heard the good news

file: 2506-13150-0000.flac
expected: pray captain quoth i as i was going down into the cabin is a man never overtaken by death in this passage
	layer_2: fraa capton ges i as ia was going down intes a capen it's amannovr ovitaken by dus am this passage
	layer_4: ra capton cos i as i a was going down intos a cain it a mannover overtaken by duss an this passage
	layer_6: bray captain coese iye as ialwas going down intos a cabin it's a man nover overtaken by dus an this passage
	layer_8: pray captain cros i as i was going down into his a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage
	layer_10: pray captain cros i as i was going down into sa cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage
	layer_12: pray captain croes i as i was going down into a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage

file: 2506-13150-0001.flac
expected: why there is not time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed lyar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_2: wh thes not id fon aman to be sicen id repity waty crs lia for i am sik as a hols gos i oretty whor ta brain ubsi down he day
	layer_4: wy the's notive for a man to be sicin it repliety whate curs lir for i am sick as a holse cquusie orretty whor ta brain obsig down hay day
	layer_6: wy the's not imp for a man to be siken it repliedty what a curset liar for i am sick as a hals cuosei already forta brain obside down hay day
	layer_8: why there's not imp forn a man to be sickened replied he what a cursed lier for i am sick as a hoarse quos i already whart a brain upside down hay day
	layer_10: why there's not time for na man to be sickined replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quoths i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_12: why there's not time for na man to be sickined replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quothes i already what a brain upside down hey day

file: 2506-13150-0002.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: siksaig
	layer_4: sak sak
	layer_6: sik sk
	layer_8: sick sick
	layer_10: sick sick
	layer_12: sick sick

file: 2506-13150-0003.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: seksik
	layer_4: sak sek
	layer_6: sak sak
	layer_8: sick sik
	layer_10: sick sick
	layer_12: sik sik

file: 2506-13150-0004.flac
expected: when shall we get to land
	layer_2: on sha e gete lond
	layer_4: ene shall be get to lend
	layer_6: wen shall be get to land
	layer_8: when shall we get to larnd
	layer_10: when shall we gette learned
	layer_12: when shall we gette learned

file: 2506-13150-0005.flac
expected: the wind chopp'd about
	layer_2: the wen hoped ta bout
	layer_4: the wenchop to bout
	layer_6: the win chopedt about
	layer_8: the wind chopped about
	layer_10: the wind chopped about
	layer_12: the wind chopped about

file: 2506-13150-0006.flac
expected: s'death then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_2: s deas the i shao me tim fulden the face
	layer_4: s dese than i shal meet him fullim the face
	layer_6: zdes then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_8: zdeas then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_10: zdeat then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_12: zdeah then i shall meet him full in the face

file: 2506-13150-0007.flac
expected: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashore
	layer_2: capton go she for havear sake letus geto shol
	layer_4: captain co she for havfir sake let as get te sho
	layer_6: captain co she for heafizake let us get a shure
	layer_8: captain koche for heavfe's sake let us get ushore
	layer_10: captain kot she for heaven's sake let us get ashore
	layer_12: captain kot she for heavon's sake let us get ashore

file: 2506-13150-0008.flac
expected: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_2: was nodimuccrites whould lowe ten tims mortden y tawn clarg ofr adero
	layer_4: was not di mucretes whoul lage ten times molr an eie tan clarg ofor abdeara
	layer_6: was not democritis who lauve ten times mor tan iye town clerguofer abdera
	layer_8: was not democratus who laugved ten times more than i town clerg of abdera
	layer_10: was not democretus who loghed ten times more than i town clerk of abdira
	layer_12: was not democritus who lougved ten times more than i town clerk of abdira

file: 2506-13150-0009.flac
expected: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_2: hay ife he durnd bliv me yhou may rets the chucpto forar pans
	layer_4: nay hif you durned bely ovfe me yoeu may readt the chaptar for your pains
	layer_6: nay ife you dun'd believe me you may reat the chepter for your pains
	layer_8: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_10: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_12: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains

file: 2506-11267-0000.flac
expected: i see shoals of them depart not perhaps without an innate longing too to quit the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_2: i se shas of shomede pard nnot behaps es ard an a nad longing two tookreat the il anddelong wisers happisnobs
	layer_4: i see shaus of them depard not berhaps oves oud an an nade longing two to quet the iland delong wihsers happis nobs
	layer_6: i see sharls of them departd not perhaps ves outan anaite longing too to ket the islandt along withes hap is knobs
	layer_8: i see shoawrs of them depart not perhaps was out an a ate longing too to cet the island along with those happy sknobs
	layer_10: i see shrs of them depart not perhaps wasout an an aide longing too to get the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_12: i see shores of them depart not perhaps wasout an anaide longing too to get the island along with those happy snobs

file: 2506-11267-0001.flac
expected: farewell dear friends i say you little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and brother
	layer_2: faae welldyo friends i say nulittorno thaty indeevidyo who regarsyou from the bege is youar friend and istory oorefer andt prosr
	layer_4: fa a well you friendse i say nyew litterno that y eindrvidyuar who recards you from the bege is your friend and histo reocrifer and proe
	layer_6: fr will deu friends i say knew littlenor that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiocrapher and proser
	layer_8: farewell dear friends i say knew little no that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiocrapher and prozer
	layer_10: farewell dear friends i say knew little no that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and proser
	layer_12: farewell dear friends i say knew little no that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and prozer

file: 2506-11267-0002.flac
expected: i went to day to see our excellent friend snooks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching forth in their pride and bravery
	layer_2: i wento day to seoreclend fen snoks onbord the queen of a frenange many scaurse a snubs wasar on the deck of sat fanship maching force in their priedand rayfry
	layer_4: i went to day to see areccland fvent snoks on bord the queen of the frenage many scause a snubs wasaire on the deck of set findship marching fource in their pridantd brafry
	layer_6: i went to day to see our rexcellent vent snoks on boargdt the queen of the freneghe many scorsee snops wers ere on the deck of shat fineship marching force in their pride and brafry
	layer_8: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the frennch many scors of snobs were there on the deck of shat fineship marching force in their pride and brafery
	layer_10: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scores of snos were there on the deck of that fine ship marching force in their pride and brafery
	layer_12: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the frech many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching force in their pride and brafery

file: 2506-11267-0003.flac
expected: they will be at ostend in four hours they will inundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_2: they wll be adt ostandin for rhours they vilr in ondat the contin and nextweek theyvbar cariinto farl lans the fin mis emage of the pritish  snop
	layer_4: they will be at ostend nt for rhouers they wil en undate the continant nex tweek they bl caryanto far lans the famiss emage of the pretish snop
	layer_6: they will be atastant int four ours they will inundate the continant next tweek they wil cary into far lands the famous emage of the british snop
	layer_8: they will be at astent in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_10: they will be at astint in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_12: they will be at astent in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop

file: 2506-11267-0004.flac
expected: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagna of rome and have heard their oaths and their well known slang in the galleries of the vatican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_2: i have seen snobes in pin coedsentunting botes scowring oveis o compani of rom and aref hrd e ter rods em theirbollnen slang in the gaeres of thefaican and to underd the chedowe arntrs of to collcem
	layer_4: i have seend snobs in pincodes eand thumting boods scarring overs a compiny of rome and hive hert af ther rotes an theirbellnon slayng and the galeries of the fatican and t undered the shaderwy arnciues of the colasm
	layer_6: i have seen snobs in pincodes and thumting boots scowring over a company of rome and have hear as their roades and their well known slang an the galleries of the phatican and to undere the shadwe arches of the colosme
	layer_8: i have seen snobs in pin coates and hunting boots scouring over ha company of roame and have heard as their roads and their well known slangin the galleries of the fagican and under the shadowy arches of the colosium
	layer_10: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scowring over the campagny of rome and have heard of their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the fatican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseum
	layer_12: i have seen snobs in pin coats and hunting boots scowring over the campagny of rome and have heard of their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the fatican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseum

file: 2506-11267-0005.flac
expected: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_2: my ladymarchiness comes on bord lookroand we set happbe arof mingl tarar andepartnence wich thistinguichers her lade ship and drecious to he carrage for at is impossible that he should mingo was y othe smnobson dak
	layer_4: my lady marnciiness comes on bod look s round weh sad happy air of mingle teror anddeparetnence which the stinguishures her lady ship and recious to her carrage for it is impossible that she should mingle was the other snobsom dack
	layer_6: my lady marchiness comes onbord looks round wee sat happy air of mingle terror and epertinance which thi stinguishes her ladyship and rusious to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle wih the other snobs on deck
	layer_8: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with sat happy air of mingle terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rusies to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the others snobs on deck
	layer_10: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_12: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck

file: 2506-11267-0006.flac
expected: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_2: ther she sats and willbe elimpriverd
	layer_4: there she sits and will be ilempriverd
	layer_6: there she sids and will be illimprivade
	layer_8: there she sits and will be ill imprivae
	layer_10: there she sits and will be ill imprivae
	layer_12: there she sits and will be ill imprivate

file: 2506-11267-0007.flac
expected: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's heart
	layer_2: thi stroberle s on her charit phanels ourin graton her lad ships had
	layer_4: the stroberreleas on her chariet pannels are n grate on her lady ship's heard
	layer_6: the straberarelease on her charied pannels are in grat on her ladyship's hard
	layer_8: the strowberrelevs on her chariot pannels are in grat on her ladyship's heart
	layer_10: the strawber re lefs on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heart
	layer_12: the strawberri lieafs on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heart

file: 2506-11267-0008.flac
expected: and davis you'd best take the pistol case into the cabin
	layer_2: and devas youd bestake the pesucas ontot caven
	layer_4: and davrs you'd bystake the picucase intoith cavin
	layer_6: and davas you'd bas take the piclcas int th cabin
	layer_8: and davers you'd bust take the picl case into cabin
	layer_10: and davis you'd best take the pistl cae into cabin
	layer_12: and davis you'd best take the pistl case into cabin

file: 2506-11267-0009.flac
expected: look at honest nathan houndsditch and his lady and their little son
	layer_2: lookedt anmus naton hanstich an his ladyand theirlitta som
	layer_4: look et oles nace in hanstitch ane his lady and their litta som
	layer_6: look at homo'st nache in haunstitch an his lady i'm their litte sun
	layer_8: look at honest nacon hanstitch and his lady i'm their little son
	layer_10: look at honest nacen hanstitch and his lady i'm their little son
	layer_12: look at honest nacen hounstitch and his lady i'm their little son

file: 2506-11267-0010.flac
expected: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_2: what a neoble averof blasin contentmant illuminates dhefeachersel tho snobs of eastao rase
	layer_4: what a noble ar of bleasing contentment iluminade te feters ol tho snobs of eastan race
	layer_6: what a noble air of blazing contentment iluminate the features othoh snops of eastern race
	layer_8: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminate the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_10: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_12: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race

file: 2506-11267-0011.flac
expected: what a toilette houndsditch's is
	layer_2: what her t woneatounsdichisais
	layer_4: what ta twonlat houns dichisays
	layer_6: what the twolelathouns dicheses
	layer_8: what the twollatown's ditcheses
	layer_10: what e twelatowns ditcheses
	layer_12: what e twellatowns ditcheses

file: 2506-11267-0012.flac
expected: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_2: it wion nev hisparrimself any cheep en doymend
	layer_4: yout wile never sparimself anychep nd doyment
	layer_6: it will never spare himself any cheep enjroyment
	layer_8: het will never spar himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_10: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_12: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment

file: 2506-11267-0013.flac
expected: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquely and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_2: i have said befor i lieto lok at the peoples on thergallar dayse theers so peictrusly ant out ragiuslesplendedant hapby
	layer_4: i have sat before i like to lok at the peoples on ther galar days the so pictrusiculy ant oud ragusly s plended ant habby
	layer_6: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their gallear days there ae so picdrasically and outrageiously splendid and habby
	layer_8: i have sad before i like to look at the peoples on their gallar days they are so pictrasically and outrageously splendid and hapby
	layer_10: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gallor days they are so picturasically and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_12: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gallar days they are so picturasically and outrageously splendid and happy

file: 2506-11267-0014.flac
expected: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tight and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snob as any man on board
	layer_2: yoone ther comes cepet am bolspeicanspan tid and drim whu treveas for for sixmon sevei yar of hislifve wod es not comithimser by lucurey of raim endo rinsinents of dimener but i athink es usk greati sopas any man onbord
	layer_4: youn ther comes kapt an bol speicon span tide and drim whit trevers for for o sixsmon cerver year of his live wod es not comit himself by luctury of rame ent orensolancs of demener but i outhink es us great te snopas any man on bord
	layer_6: yonder comes captaan bull spicken span tid and drim wor dravels for four o six mon sevey year of his live who does not commit himself by luxtory of rament or insolence of demanor but i think as as great estnop as any man on board
	layer_8: yonder comes captain bull spack an span tiht and drim wit travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of rament or insolence of demeanor but i think is as great ast nop as any man on board
	layer_10: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tid and drim wi travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snop as any man on board
	layer_12: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tid and drim wi travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snop as any man on board

file: 2506-11267-0015.flac
expected: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_2: bo pases to season an lonton sponging fortines andtleping intagarit ner his clop
	layer_4: bor passes te ceaseon ind lonton spunging for dinners and sleping in agurat neawr his clup
	layer_6: bol passes to ceason in lonton sponging for dinners and sleeping in a gurrid nea his clup
	layer_8: bull passes the season in lonton sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his clup
	layer_10: baul passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_12: ball passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club

file: 2506-11267-0016.flac
expected: see he is up to old carabas already i told you he would
	layer_2: see is aptild ca bes arady i tol to he wod
	layer_4: see is optild carbesaridy i told te he wuld
	layer_6: see e s up told carabes alrady i told yu he would
	layer_8: see he's uptold caribets already i told you he would
	layer_10: see he's up told carabas already i told you he would
	layer_12: see he's up told carabes already i told you he would

file: 2506-11267-0017.flac
expected: that broad shouldered buck with the great whiskers and the cleaned white kid gloves is mister phelim clancy of poldoodystown he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brogue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or ecarte with him the chances are that you will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_2: thet broug tad ed bok wis egrate wiskas om the kleen twite ckid glos its mistafelum clansy of plldudy stown he caus himself mistr doclancsee he an devestod discinses nat if brok wash a rijust soe position o inlase and of uplay ad belli ads or ecart wis him tdei chantesar that o were won the firs gaing and he the seven al aihd games ancuing
	layer_4: that brough chorlded bok was agreat weskers am the clan twite kid gloves is mister fellum clancy of paulldudy stown he caus himself mistere doclanse he endeversto disgisees natif bruk with a ricust soa possition of inglish and af fuplay at biliards or ecart was him ded chantcers are that yhe wile won the firs gain and hev the seven al eiht games and cuing
	layer_6: that broag chalded book was a great wheskers and the clean twhite kit glovs i's mister fellom clancy of poulldudy stown he cause himself mister duclansea he endavours to disguisehes native brok with arrichest suprerposition of english and if yoeu play at billiards or ecart wash him ded chanceers ar that yhe will when the first gaing and he the seven or eight games and seuwing
	layer_8: that broagd chadered book was the great whiskers and the clean white kitglovs is mister fellom clansy of palldudys down he calse himself mister deu clons he endeavoursd to disguise his native brok with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyards or a cart with him thid chanceers are that yu will when the first gan and he the seven or eight games ensueing
	layer_10: that broad shordered book with the great whiskers and the clean white kid glothes is mister fellam clncy of paldudy's town he calls himself mister de clonc he endeavours to disguise his native brokue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyard's or a cart with him the chancers are that you wel when the first gange and he the seven or eight games ensewing
	layer_12: that broad chordered book with the great whiskers and the clean white kit glotes is mister fellam clency of paldudy's town he calls himself mister de clonce he endeavours to disguise his native brokue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyard's or a cart with him the chances are that you well when the first gange and he the seven or eight games ensewing

file: 2506-11267-0018.flac
expected: the next person is but hark
	layer_2: the nexparson is o bit hok
	layer_4: the nexparson is ubet hk
	layer_6: the next person is u but hark
	layer_8: the next person is wbut hark
	layer_10: the next person is rubert hark
	layer_12: the next person is rubert hark

file: 2506-11278-0000.flac
expected: when a gross instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist call the public attention to that delinquency too
	layer_2: ben a grose instans of snomisioness hapens i should not the indickenan gan inis caures ha pubicuttenctientues at delling croce to
	layer_4: when agroce instancs of snomisiness happens wi should not the indignan garniles caus ha publicatention toes tat delling po ce to
	layer_6: whone a gros instance of snomishness happens wi should not the indignant gurnalesst caus tha public attention dudes hat delling puce too
	layer_8: when a gross instance of snomishness happens y should not the indignant journalist caus ho public attention totes that delingcusee too
	layer_10: when a gross instance of snobishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause ta public attention to that delincutcy too
	layer_12: when a gross instance of snobishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause ta public attention to that delincutce too

file: 2506-11278-0001.flac
expected: how for instance could that wonderful case of the earl of mangelwurzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_2: how fr instance couldsat ondo for cate of eul of mangl prerser at his brossr be exermand inm the snopish point eif
	layer_4: how for instance could shat onderful cate of the al of mangle veratse and his brosser be exerment in the snobish pointof ew
	layer_6: how for instance could sat wonderful cate of the arl of mangle petel and his broser be exament in the snobish point of ew
	layer_8: how for instance could shat wonderful kate of the arl of mangleberzel and his broter be examined in the snobbish point of vew
	layer_10: how for instance could that wonderful kate of the earl of manglberze and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_12: how for instance could that wonderful kate of the earl of mangleberze and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view

file: 2506-11278-0002.flac
expected: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelwurzelshire
	layer_2: all re recuy as tha samanshould be recommeneto has by the al of makg orasushur
	layer_4: al re requye as tha s aman should be recommenito as by the erl of mango ensetare
	layer_6: orl we requi is thats aman should be recommeneto us by the earl of mangovend sashare
	layer_8: orl we require es thats a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mengavin susher
	layer_10: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangovin susher
	layer_12: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangovin susher

file: 2506-11278-0003.flac
expected: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_2: ol you pridei ol slolant
	layer_4: o you pride of al slolent
	layer_6: ho you pride of all slobland
	layer_8: ho you pride of all sloland
	layer_10: hor you pride of all snopland
	layer_12: ho you pride of all snopland

file: 2506-11278-0004.flac
expected: o you crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and parasites
	layer_2: hu crling trockling self com fest lacces and paresights
	layer_4: o e cruarning trockling self confest lackes and parusigtes
	layer_6: ohecraing truckling self confasst lackys and parasites
	layer_8: or craling truckling self confesst lackees and parascites
	layer_10: o crawling truckling self confesse lackees and paracites
	layer_12: ove crawling truckling self confesed lackeys and paracites

file: 2506-11278-0005.flac
expected: it was her snobbish sentiment that misled her and made her vanities a prey to the swindling fortune teller
	layer_2: it wase snobis senteimant tutimislet her and o mat av vanities apraidota this wenli forthen taler
	layer_4: it was he snobase sentiment thut mslet her and to mate hav vanities apraide it thi swinling fortun taner
	layer_6: it was her snobish sentiment thut mis let her and o made ha vanities apprayded the swindling fortune taner
	layer_8: it was her snobbish sentiment thut mislet her and made her vanities a prayd the swindling fortune tanner
	layer_10: it was her snobbish sentiment thut misled her and made her vanity s aprey do the swindling fortune taller
	layer_12: it was her snobbish sentiment thut mislet her and made her vanity s appray do the swindling fortune taller

file: 2506-11278-0006.flac
expected: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting young french lady
	layer_2: how your coand fort protices be nevilens exesisto wa sintosing onfrenct lady
	layer_4: how iltd you cond for tha protitces benevilencs excecise to was sintersing on frentlady
	layer_6: how wiuld youa count for the protices benevilencs exercise to ward s intesting in french lady
	layer_8: how would you account for the proticus benevolens exercise towards intersting and french lady
	layer_10: how would you account for the protigious benevolence exercise towards the interesting and french lady
	layer_12: how would you account for the protigious benevolence exercise towards the intersting and french lady

file: 2506-11278-0007.flac
expected: the honest boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_2: the onmars wading hous peble r at ter feetetwons
	layer_4: the onos bording hous peble ra  her feetetwons
	layer_6: the hosbording house peable wrat her feet atwons
	layer_8: the honors boarding house peple read her feet at once
	layer_10: the honours boarding house people read her feet at once
	layer_12: the honours boarding house people read her feet at once

file: 2506-11278-0008.flac
expected: good honest simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_2: gute ones ibl lor dloving jildem of s nmoplant
	layer_4: good one impllord loving jilden of snoblent
	layer_6: good honer simple lord loving gilden of snobland
	layer_8: good honour simple lord loving cildren of snobland
	layer_10: good honor simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_12: good honour simple lord loving children of snobland

file: 2506-11278-0009.flac
expected: finally there was the case of the right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_2: finanly the was i cas of teried ono bo miste vurn an adouk
	layer_4: finanly there was ecase of derihd onoraber mister vern and atdyug
	layer_6: finilly there was accase of derit honoraboe mister vern and at yerg
	layer_8: finally there was a case of de ridt honorabo mister vernand at og
	layer_10: finally there was a case of de right honorab mister vern on at york
	layer_12: finally there was a case of deright honorabo mister vern on at york

file: 2506-11278-0010.flac
expected: the right honourable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_2: ther rite  onorabo was a su of noboman and prectist oin ol lady
	layer_4: the rihte honorab was a son of anoboeman and prectist unan al lady
	layer_6: the right honourabl was a son of anobleman and practised onanold lady
	layer_8: the right honorable was tha son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_10: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_12: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady

file: 2506-11278-0011.flac
expected: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_2: then he casd hisnts over familyof fat them mother andulters one of him epoprose tomary
	layer_4: then he cased his nets over e family of fathem mother and aurters one of him he prprosed temarry
	layer_6: then he cast his nets over a family o father mother and augters one of him he proprosed to marry
	layer_8: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to mary
	layer_10: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_12: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry

file: 2506-11278-0012.flac
expected: one day the traitor fled with a teapot and a basketful of cold victuals
	layer_2: one davd the dreat of plat with a teopartr and abusket forl of coldt ficgtrs
	layer_4: one dae the dreat of fled whith attepate and abusket ful of caldtficgcures
	layer_6: one dayde the drat ofe flat with a teaporter and abusket ful of cold fictures
	layer_8: one daed the drat of flad with a teaboter and a busketful of cold victures
	layer_10: one dayd the drat of flad with a teapoter and a basket full of cold victures
	layer_12: one dayd the drat of flat with a teapoter and a basket full of cold victures

file: 2506-11278-0013.flac
expected: it was the right honourable which baited the hook which gorged all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_2: it as an vid oneraper which bat the hoaok which cog al thes gredy simble snabes
	layer_4: it as a vide onorabo which batd the hook which goc ald these greedy simple snorbs
	layer_6: it was arvide honourable which baeed the hook which gorg all these greedys simple snabs
	layer_8: it was a vit honorable which bateth the hook which gorgce all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_10: it was a vit honorable which bateth the hook which gorg all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_12: it was a vit honourable which bateth the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs

file: 2506-11278-0014.flac
expected: would they have been taken in by a commoner
	layer_2: what e have fentakin ain by comanar
	layer_4: what e have bentaken in b commone
	layer_6: whultd they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_8: whud they have been takenin by commoneor
	layer_10: woud they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_12: woud they have been taken in by commoner

file: 2506-11278-0015.flac
expected: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_2: an las and an lars what mart a mam the spekitrus con herpfor such anand laty
	layer_4: alas and alairs what mat ar man the speak tatruth can hope for such alant lady
	layer_6: alas and alars what mortor man the speaks the truth canhope for such a land lady
	layer_8: alas and alas what mortar man thet speaks the truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_10: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_12: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady

file: 2506-11278-0016.flac
expected: and yet all these instances of fond and credulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_2: andtat wosi s incences af fondan cretchula snobisiness avea curd am the same week pabe was he no is houwmany scor mal
	layer_4: and tyat alses insences of fod and cratchulas snobitiness have e cured and the same weeks paber was her na 's how many schor mol
	layer_6: and yet wholses insenses of fond and cratulous snobishness have accured han the same weeks paper wis ho now s how many schor mor
	layer_8: and yet alsy's insances of fond encratulous snobbishness have occurred in the same weeks paper with ho knows how many scoe mor
	layer_10: and yet walte's instances of fond incredulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score moe
	layer_12: and yet walte's instences of fond incretulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more

file: 2506-11278-0017.flac
expected: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_2: we athre sisters oseventeentor trenteto
	layer_4: we athree sisters om seventeen to twentetwom
	layer_6: we are three sisters mom seventeen to twrentytune
	layer_8: we are three sisters rom seventeen to twenty twon
	layer_10: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_12: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two

file: 2506-11278-0018.flac
expected: we are just the same to persons with a handle to their name as to those without it
	layer_2: we ad ju ser same to peursons wfro rasea handle tosen aemuste sos was oartit
	layer_4: we are just e samed to personse for was a handlto en a must tisthos was out et
	layer_6: we are just ta same to persons for wes tha handl to ten a must da those without it
	layer_8: we are just the same to persons whor with a handle to their a m us to those without it
	layer_10: we are just the same to persons who with the handle to their aim as do those without it
	layer_12: we are just the same to persons who with he handle to their aim as do those without it

file: 2506-11278-0019.flac
expected: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hope
	layer_2: if e do i canna talplet ti r o ha senguen disposition and etertainielling gring homep
	layer_4: if yo do i cannotal  t bud i a o e sanguan disposition and n to tain elingring homp
	layer_6: if you do i cannotal  it but i am ote sanguind disposition and ntertain a lingering hom
	layer_8: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering homp
	layer_10: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hompe
	layer_12: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hompe

file: 2506-11278-0020.flac
expected: excuse this scrawl but i always write headlong
	layer_2: excuis esgrol but igt awhays eriht had long
	layer_4: exkus is gral but ie always right had long
	layer_6: excuresthes grawl but i always right had long
	layer_8: excuse tis gruwel but i always rit hed long
	layer_10: excuse this grrel but i always write headlong
	layer_12: excuse this gruel but i always write headlong

file: 2506-11278-0021.flac
expected: we never write on perfumed paper in short i can't help thinking that if you knew us you would not think us snobs
	layer_2: we neveer rih to p fum to paver in jould i cont up sinking that if i eas you would nloc sing i snops
	layer_4: we never riht m berfum to paver int jyord i comnt up sinking that if u k es you woud not sing eis snops
	layer_6: we never writ nd prfum to paver injord i can't ulp sinking that if you knews you ould not sink hi snops
	layer_8: we never write ond perfume to paver in geord i can't help sinking that if you knewus you would not sing his snops
	layer_10: we never write on perfume to paver in george i can't help sinking that if you knew us you would not sing his snops
	layer_12: we never write on perfume to paver in george i can't help sinking that if you knew us you would not sing his snops

file: 2506-11278-0022.flac
expected: i shall have a black crape round my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with the richly gilt knob
	layer_2: i shar have ar bleccrai or a t my a white heat ant's my youse ul ben be can asuv ritully gild s kno
	layer_4: a shale have a blec crap r ha  my an white heat ad's my yuseoul en be kan wus sev ritually gild knovfe
	layer_6: i shal have a black craberoad my on white head and my usal banbu came ware serichally guilt nove
	layer_8: i shall have a black crabeout my white head and my usual bamboo came ware sir richeally gilt norve
	layer_10: i shall have a black crape oud my white heat and my usual bamboo came was sir richely gilt knorf
	layer_12: i shall have a black crape oud my white heat and my usual bamboo came was sir richly gilt norf

file: 2506-11278-0023.flac
expected: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_2: i amsores e will be no time to get up mosstausius bedree know in nixtweege
	layer_4: i am ser he ther will be no time to get up mostusious bet wee know and next week
	layer_6: i am sire thre will be no time to get up mostaches betwee now and next week
	layer_8: i am sorrye there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_10: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_12: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week

file: 2506-11278-0024.flac
expected: from seventeen to two and twenty ye gods what ages
	layer_2: fromseventeeme ti to entranty gid gotswor t agus
	layer_4: from seven teem to to intrenty yid gots ortagus
	layer_6: from seventeen te to intranty you godsat agos
	layer_8: from seventeen titointranti yur gods hort ages
	layer_10: from seventeen tituintrenti your gods fortages
	layer_12: from seventeen tituintrenti yor gods fortages

file: 2506-11278-0025.flac
expected: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_2: ter youn creaces i concseyu al tree
	layer_4: tere youn creacus i cans you all three
	layer_6: ther young creatrs i can se you all three
	layer_8: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_10: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_12: dear young creatures i can see you all three

file: 2506-11278-0026.flac
expected: seventeen suits me as nearest my own time of life but mind i don't say two and twenty is too old
	layer_2: sevfent unsuse me as ne ar as myen t himeflife but myti down' say trn trenty stld
	layer_4: sefent en soce me as near as my ntime flife but myht i don't say t n trentystold
	layer_6: safentinsus me as nears my owntime of life but might i don't say t n trenty stald
	layer_8: saventeinsus me as near ast my own time of life but might i don't say twu ntwentys tld
	layer_10: seventeen sues me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two and twentyes to old
	layer_12: seventeen sues me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two and twenties to old

file: 2506-11278-0027.flac
expected: no no and that pretty roguish demure middle one
	layer_2: nono an thar frice rogised to mr mid eon
	layer_4: now know and theat frity rolguised to m mideon
	layer_6: no no a'm that frity rogies demr midere one
	layer_8: no no am that fritty rogy's demur mideon
	layer_10: no no am that pritty rogi's demure middeon
	layer_12: no no am that fritty rogi's demure midewon

file: 2506-11278-0028.flac
expected: peace peace thou silly little fluttering heart
	layer_2: phes pes thar sillylessef flutering hard
	layer_4: pe s pese ther scilly lisstof fluttering hart
	layer_6: pese pece ther silly listle fluttering heart
	layer_8: peace peace the silly lisstle fluttering heart
	layer_10: peace peace thi silly litle fluttering heart
	layer_12: pease peace thi silly litle fluttering heart

file: 2506-11278-0029.flac
expected: you snobs dear young ladies
	layer_2: yo snobste oung ladies
	layer_4: you snobste oung ladies
	layer_6: youe snosthy young ladies
	layer_8: you snos thee young ladies
	layer_10: you snobs the young ladies
	layer_12: you snobs thee young ladies

file: 2506-11278-0030.flac
expected: i will pull any man's nose who says so
	layer_2: i will plt any men's noso sessso
	layer_4: i will poht any men's no so sess so
	layer_6: i will porh any men's know s you sess so
	layer_8: i will por any men's no eswho says so
	layer_10: i will pur any man's nose who says so
	layer_12: i will pur any man's nose who says so

file: 2506-11278-0031.flac
expected: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_2: there is now harm e being of a goot favely
	layer_4: there is no harm en being of a good famly
	layer_6: there is no harmen being of a good family
	layer_8: there is no harmon being of a good family
	layer_10: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_12: there is no harm in being of a good family

file: 2506-11278-0032.flac
expected: you can't help it poor dears what's in a name
	layer_2: ou com telpet podrs wasint a ma
	layer_4: you conme tel betpoitds whas in a name
	layer_6: you caon' tellp tutpoe dars what's in a name
	layer_8: you can't el it pordears what's in the name
	layer_10: you can't help it poor dears what's in he name
	layer_12: you can't help it poor dears what's in he name

file: 2506-11278-0033.flac
expected: that very confidence savours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_2: tha t fary comfid in savess of aragons af to be aurigaant is to be asnoke
	layer_4: that fery comfiden savuse of aragans af to be arigant is to be s knob
	layer_6: that very confidene savious of arigans and to be aregant is to be a snob
	layer_8: that very confidence savious of arroganse and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_10: that very confidente savius of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_12: that very confidence savious of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob

file: 2506-11278-0034.flac
expected: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_2: be da  the kno cininaces le ten the hars tler sos humble simblan trwseloving
	layer_4: but a their no cany nageres notender hards oh sawls humble simbpleant trece loving
	layer_6: but ar theyr kno kindly natues notender heards tho souls humble simple and trues loving
	layer_8: but are they r no kindly natures no tender heards hoe souls humble simple and truch loving
	layer_10: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_12: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving

file: 2506-11278-0035.flac
expected: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_2: pond r wellon thisquusien swaton lades
	layer_4: punder well on this quesien wadyon ladies
	layer_6: ponder well on thi s quetion swadyon ladies
	layer_8: ponderwell on this question suwaed young ladies
	layer_10: pon der well on this question sweete young ladies
	layer_12: pon der well on this question swete young ladies

file: 2506-169427-0000.flac
expected: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodical or accidental payments of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive till at length in some evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principal upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations
	layer_2: interes towevfer stil runsonen boscaes so pereoticer o exetad t upament of it juserveing to keep themumry of thyia fi reloive tillat lings in som we evealower pup com e credeter uponeage and tebige amonding princeipel up on the spot to geter wais fal an dres titheverday maket am bote feld the fulixtentof theve o blicatiens
	layer_4: interens towever still runzon in bothcates the pereodicalr or excedant r pament of it jus serving to keep the mamory of the arffaerlife til at lingts in som we evealouwer pup comesecrediter uponeacge and bydeamonding principele upon the spot to gether wis ful anderessto the veryday maked them both feeld the foull extent of their eroblications
	layer_6: interest thowever still runzan inboth cates the periodical or excident a payment of it just serving to keep the mumory of the affair relife til at length in som meve l houer pap comes e crediter upon each and to by damanding principle upon the spot together was full enderes to the very day makes them both field the full extent of their roblications
	layer_8: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodica or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairrelive till at length in some evial hour pop comes a creditor upon each and to by demanding principle upon the spot together with full intres to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their roblications
	layer_10: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodicar or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair r life till at length in some eval hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_12: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodical or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair wer life till at length in some eval hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications

file: 2506-169427-0001.flac
expected: as the reader for i hate your ifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mementos
	layer_2: as e reader fori head youl rives as a sore noligh af humanater i ne no tam mar to setefy him sat my her o cuuc noct go on at this rat is outd some slit expeirians of sesensidentof emantos
	layer_4: as i rader for i had yourl rives has a sorra nolege of hurmanature i knead not ta more to satafy him said my heare o could not go on at this rade isoud some slight expiriens of sheason sedentlo memantos
	layer_6: as te rader for i hade your rivs has a sorreg knowledge of hu manature i need not say more to satify him sat my hero could not go on at this rade wisout some slight experienc of thesein cidentle mymantos
	layer_8: as a reader for i hade your rifs has a sorog knowledge of human natur i need not say more to satify him that my heror could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos
	layer_10: as te reader for i hate your rifs has a thorougn knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos
	layer_12: as e reader for i hate your rifs has a thorougn knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos

file: 2506-169427-0002.flac
expected: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding eugenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted thro any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and a mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be cross'd out in course
	layer_2: to spe the truth he hadt o won tarnly invove imelf in amatitud of smar book detof thistanmp which noth wis stening ugeiniousus rekuen te t fice he two much diseregardred tinking at as nod one of ton was contracted flrug any molicnesy but on the condry from en ane sty of mind and the margeocundirty of humer they woult aonl of them becrostountin cos
	layer_4: to speeatk the truth he hadt wonterly invotd himselfe in a matitutde of small bock de of this s tamp which not wis stending yugenious as frequentet fice he two much disry garded thinking that as not one of them was contracted fhrewh any malignacy but on the condry from an one sty of mind and de mar eoccundity of humer they would alof tham becrosstountin cose
	layer_6: to speak the truth he had wn tanly involved himself in a maltidute of small book deads of this stamp which not wih standing eugenious as frequented vice he too much diseregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted throeugh any malignacy but on the contry from an honesty of mind and he mere occundity of humour they would all o them be crossdount in coose
	layer_8: to speak the truth he had wnterly involved himself in a multitude of small bookdeats of this stamp which not withstanding eugenius as frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jucundity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_10: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding u genius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jocunity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in couse
	layer_12: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding yu genious's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jocunity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in course

file: 2506-169427-0003.flac
expected: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or other he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost mite
	layer_2: ugen is woud neer t mit tirs and t wut offen tel him sa towon day a rosar hoe would seatinly be recontewis and hir would offrn ad in an axcent of sorow ful aprehantion tis a term mosed bit
	layer_4: ougin is would nevere d mi tis and  would often tell him te t one day a rosar he would sattinly be racont wis and he would oftern ad in an accent of sorrowful apprehansion t tha a ter most mit
	layer_6: ugines would never a dmit this and  would often tell him that t one day a roser he would setinly be reckondto wish and he would often ad in an accent of sorrow ful apprehension to hithe utermost bigt
	layer_8: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rozar he would certainly be reckoned whis and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to utermost migt
	layer_10: eugenies would never admit this and would often tell him that one day o rosar he would certainly be reckoned wis and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost might
	layer_12: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rosar he would certainly be reckoned wis and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost might

file: 2506-169427-0004.flac
expected: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_2: what tin clin you genus  is a samelpanion as as folows
	layer_4: what inclined you genused is the same l panion was as follows
	layer_6: wat inclined eugenuse tohs the same lpinion was as follows
	layer_8: what inclined eugenus to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_10: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_12: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows

file: 2506-169427-0005.flac
expected: yorick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed them and never opened them more
	layer_2: youoryc folloge hu inies was usise o seto hs enclost sthim an a nefr operem them mor
	layer_4: youryk followde hou geiness was as ise to tha dal hes enclost them and o never opem them mo
	layer_6: youricke followede ugenus wash as yes too h thae dooll he s enclosedt them and te never opened them mor
	layer_8: eurric followed eugenus wis his eyes tooth the door he thenclosed to them and onever opened them more
	layer_10: eurick followed eugenus wish his eyes to the door he then closed them andnever opened them more
	layer_12: yeurwick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed them andnever opened them more

file: 2506-169427-0006.flac
expected: alas poor yorick
	layer_2: alase por yrik
	layer_4: alase po yuric
	layer_6: alas poryoric
	layer_8: alas poryoric
	layer_10: alas pooric
	layer_12: alas pooric

file: 4570-14911-0000.flac
expected: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_2: neve the less in geneal aparnce tho harior and the fosounderf vrag luch a like the one o ious distinction being that of sies
	layer_4: neve the less in general apparence the harior and the foxound of vrmuch a like the one ovious distinction being that of sies
	layer_6: nevertheless in general appearance the herrier and the foxhound of very much a like the one obvious distinction being that of sizs
	layer_8: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound ar very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_10: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_12: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size

file: 4570-14911-0001.flac
expected: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_2: if yo wat to huntr hariour s on floot sixten inceses quite bigou nouth amos to bicg t run wit but if you ar ridingn to them twoning inches as a ouse ful hiht or hyven nlight tnnunturs
	layer_4: if you want to huntur harriars on floot sixteen inches is quite bigou nough almost to big o run with but if you are ritingito them twentyn enches as a useful highte or even lnight teinaces
	layer_6: if you want to hunther hariers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are wriding into them twenty inches as a useful height or even nineteenices
	layer_8: if you want to hunter harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are ridingto them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_10: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_12: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches

file: 4570-14911-0002.flac
expected: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_2: it isusless to li downiny hard an fash reul ast collok it is somuch a matter of intevidual tast
	layer_4: it is useless to li down iny hardand fashd rul asto color it is somuch a matter of individual tast
	layer_6: it is useless to lae down any hard and fasht rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_8: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_10: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_12: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste

file: 4570-14911-0003.flac
expected: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be kept and reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_2: but pupesr usly sendoup towok and mtay s ly be prceared to be captenreared until theire o enugh to be inered to their work
	layer_4: but pupiesar usely sent out to walk and may easely be procured to be captain reared untill their oldenough to beentered to their work
	layer_6: but puppies are usualy sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reard until theyr old enough to be intere to their work
	layer_8: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_10: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be ceptain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_12: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be cept ain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work

file: 4570-14911-0004.flac
expected: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_2: he is of corcs finer but with theve bink t of neck so purfict in the biger holn boitle shoullers of the same patern and the to aco quarters an secen los
	layer_4: he as of corse fliner but with the  lingth of neck so perfect in the biger howun li little shoulders of the sane pattern and the tipicale quarters and second thoes
	layer_6: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the biger hond he little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second fhies
	layer_8: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies
	layer_10: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thoghs
	layer_12: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thoghs

file: 4570-14911-0005.flac
expected: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_2: and when he is farely on a line of cor ee sticxt to it as the sayng s like abegl
	layer_4: and when he is fairely on a line of core e stickt to it as the saying is like a begle
	layer_6: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the sang is like a begl
	layer_8: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the sayng is like a begl
	layer_10: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saing is like a beagle
	layer_12: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle

file: 4570-14911-0006.flac
expected: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_2: it is quiht possible their for that tho begle was croushd wilh te welsh sothern or otter hound to get mor seis and power as ther sontly was a welsh ruf couted bel of god ahteen antes and an allmust hat denical contipery that was calld the esecxs bea
	layer_4: it is quipe possible theirfor that the begle was crossed with the welcsh sothern or oterhound to get more siye and power as ther serntly was a welsh rugh coaded beagle of good eighten inches and in almost that denical contimpery that was called the essext beagle
	layer_6: it is quite possible therefore that the begal was crossed with the welsh southern or outerhound to get more sigze and power as there certanly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost at dentical contemporary that was called the essecs beagal
	layer_8: it is quite possible therefore that the bagale was crossed with the welsh southern or oterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coaded bagle of good eighteen inches and an almost atdentical contemporary that was called the essex bagl
	layer_10: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_12: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle

file: 4570-14911-0007.flac
expected: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagle association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_2: that a greakt miny ouf the tre or were brad becamn gvery manifeset as sonnes the hariur amd biga u sosationas frm and mwore pere toally wen a section of the peter biral hownsho was reserd forte
	layer_4: that agreat miny of the true or were bread became very manifest as soon as the hariur an bigal as socation was form and mwore perticuly when assection of the peter birl howndshow was reserved fortherth
	layer_6: that a great many of the true ordr were bread became very manifest as soon as the harrier and biggal association was form and more partically when a section of the peter birlg hown show was reserved forther
	layer_8: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier an bugal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterburogh hounshow was reserved for the
	layer_10: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier in begal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough houndshow was reserved for the
	layer_12: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier in begal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough houndshow was reserved for the

file: 4570-14911-0008.flac
expected: then they seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_2: then ti seeme esring fommevrypare of the country
	layer_4: then ti seemed tospring fro meverypart of the country
	layer_6: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_8: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_10: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_12: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country

file: 4570-14911-0009.flac
expected: one hears now of the chauston the halstead place very noted indeed the hulton the leigh park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus g w hilliard's missus price's and missus turner's
	layer_2: one hers now of the chostom the houstad plis very notedt indedd the hollton the le par the stoke place the et en br the  serbiton the tronity flit the wootd dayl mis is eu duia hill iars nis as prises anfmisss turnrs
	layer_4: one hears now of the choston the housd ad plaes very noted indeed the hulton the lea park the stoke place the ad inbirk the is seurbiton the trinity foot the wood dayl missus udubbia hill iars mis is prices and missus turners
	layer_6: one hears now of the chostom the houset had place very noted indeed the halton the lea park the stoke place the edinberg the suerbiton the trenity foot the wooddal missus udabia hillyards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_8: one hears now of the choston the house had place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburg the serbaton the trinity foot the wooddale missus edbia hilliards missus pryces and missus turners
	layer_10: one hears now of the chaston the house thad place very noted indeed the halton the l park the stoke place the edinburg the serbiton the trinity foot the wooddal missus udbia hillards missus pryce's and missus turners
	layer_12: one hears now of the chawston the house tad place very noted indeed the halton the le park the stoke place the edinburg the serbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus uduvia hilliards missus price's and missus turners

file: 4570-14911-0010.flac
expected: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_2: is rou darcasal or hasl not deepsat nor bulgy anwithay mi t exprestion
	layer_4: iyes bround dar cazal or hasal not deep set nor bolgy and with i mild expression
	layer_6: eyes brown dark cazl or hazel not deep sat nor bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_8: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_10: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_12: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bolgy and with a mild expression

file: 4570-14911-0011.flac
expected: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_2: ears long set on low fitintexture and  hangig in a gracful fold coas to the chek
	layer_4: ears long set on low fin intecxture andhanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_6: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_8: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_10: ears long set on low fine intexture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_12: ears long set on low fine intexture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek

file: 4570-14911-0012.flac
expected: neck moderately long slightly arched the throat showing some dewlap
	layer_2: nemotertaly long stlily arghd thet throte showing son do wea
	layer_4: neck moteraly long slily arched the throate showing som du lap
	layer_6: neck moderatly long slighly arced the throat showing some duolap
	layer_8: neck moderately long sligly arched the throat showing some delap
	layer_10: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some de lap
	layer_12: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some de lap

file: 4570-14911-0013.flac
expected: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_2: sholders leen and slightly sloping
	layer_4: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_6: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_8: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_10: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_12: shoulders clean and slightly sloping

file: 4570-14911-0014.flac
expected: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_2: fore les pichtreet fweil undod the dog af good subtence and round in the bom
	layer_4: for legs pitstreat fwell under the dog of good substance and round in the bomn
	layer_6: fourlegs uite street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_8: for legs qite streeit well under the dog of good substance and round in the bon
	layer_10: fore legs white streight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_12: fore legs white straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone

file: 4570-14911-0015.flac
expected: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_2: feet round well nuckledut and strony pated
	layer_4: feet round well nuckledup and strongly pated
	layer_6: feet round well nuckled up and strongly patded
	layer_8: feet round well nuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_10: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_12: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded

file: 4570-14911-0016.flac
expected: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_2: cot smov veride smooeh bery dens and not to fine or short
	layer_4: cot smo vrity smoothe bery dence and not two fline or short
	layer_6: coat smooh variety smooth bury dance and not too fine or short
	layer_8: coat smooth variety smooth verry dance and not too fine or short
	layer_10: coat smooth variety smooth vary dance and not too fine or short
	layer_12: coat smooth variety smooth vary dance and not too fine or short

file: 4570-14911-0017.flac
expected: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_2: hit not exceting sixteen anches
	layer_4: hight not ecceeting sixteen ences
	layer_6: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_8: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_10: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_12: height not exceeding sixteen inches

file: 4570-24733-0000.flac
expected: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_2: allthings which follow from the apsolutn natur of any atr baut of gd must allwas exist and be infenit or in other wordts care eaceharnal and infinit throue the said attrb
	layer_4: al things which follow from the absolutei nature of any atrbeaute of god must always exist and be infinite or an other words are eathurnel and infinite through the said atribut
	layer_6: all things which follow from the absolutein nature of any atribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eachernel and infinite through thes said attribute
	layer_8: all things which follow from the absolutey nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_10: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_12: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute

file: 4570-24733-0001.flac
expected: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_2: proconcive ifit bepossibl suposing the propositien to be denide that the something in som atrbut of gtcan follow fromnly abpsolut natur ofe the said atrbe and thettha same time it iis fi night and has ah conditiond xistance or duration for instance the idy of god exprest in the atrbeut thougt
	layer_4: prof  concive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denid that the something in som aterbaute of go an follow from the absolute nature of these said atrbut and that at the samed time it is finight and has a conditiond existance or diration for instance the idea of god expressed in the atrbeaute thought
	layer_6: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denide that the something in some atribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said atribute and that at the same time it is fi night and has a conditioned existence or diration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_8: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that tsomething in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finiht and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_10: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that tsomething in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_12: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought

file: 4570-24733-0002.flac
expected: in its nature infinite
	layer_2: in its nature anfonat
	layer_4: in its nature infinit
	layer_6: in its nature infinite
	layer_8: in its nature infinite
	layer_10: in its nature infinite
	layer_12: in its nature infinite

file: 4570-24733-0003.flac
expected: must necessarily exist
	layer_2: must neceserily exist
	layer_4: must necessarily exist
	layer_6: must necessarily exist
	layer_8: must necessarily exist
	layer_10: must necessarily exist
	layer_12: must necessarily exist

file: 4570-24733-0004.flac
expected: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_2: wle ave now greated their for fhougt not conshitutting the eidy of god and a qortingly the idea of god des not naturaly follow fru mits natur inso far as it eis abeso lut hught for itiis conceve as cositoting and allsao as not costoding the idea of got which is aginstor ha othices
	layer_4: we have now graded their for thought not consituding the idea of god and accortingly the idea of god does not naturally follow fra mi tes nature inso far as it is absolut thought for itas conceived as consituting and also as not consituding the idea of got which is against ore hapothisis
	layer_6: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow fro its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hapothisis
	layer_8: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against ourhypothesis
	layer_10: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against arhypothesis
	layer_12: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against ar hypothesis

file: 4570-24733-0005.flac
expected: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we supposed that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_2: and be on the limits of the diretion of the idyof god supposing te latter at sometime not to hiav bixisted ore not to beqoing to exists thought wouod perforse havp existid with out the idya of god which is contry to ar hupotheces for we suppos that tought beng given the ide of god ness sarly flowd their from
	layer_4: and beon the limits of the diration of the idea of god supposing the latter at sometime not to hiave existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contry to our hupothecis fore we suppose that thought being given the idea of godn es sarly flode ther frum
	layer_6: and beyond the limits of the diration of the idea of god supposing the latter at sometime not to hiave existed ore not to be going to exist thought wouod perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contray to our hapothisis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of godenesessarly flowed ther from
	layer_8: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to or hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necsessariely flowed therefrom
	layer_10: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to ar hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_12: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to ar hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom

file: 4570-24733-0006.flac
expected: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_2: berin min that the same proposition may be o fermeed of ay ting which in iany atrbut nasassarily follows fromgods abpsllute natur
	layer_4: bearin mined that the same broposition may be o firmed of nything which in any atrbaute necessarily follows from gods absolute nature
	layer_6: bearing mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_8: bear ing mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_10: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_12: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature

file: 4570-24733-0007.flac
expected: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things essendi rerum
	layer_2: corler hancsit follos that god e is not only the caus of things coming into existance but alse of their continuwing in existancs thadyis inscollastic frasyaligy god is caus of the being of things as sendy reromme
	layer_4: courelary hencs it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existance but also of their continuing in existance that yis ins colastic frasialigy god is caus of the being of things as sindy rerrumm
	layer_6: corlary hince it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins colastic phrasiology god is cause of the being of things as cindy reram
	layer_8: corlary hhente it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins colastic phrasiology god is cause of the being of things as sindi reram
	layer_10: corulari hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things assindi rerem
	layer_12: coruleri hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things assindi rere

file: 4570-24733-0008.flac
expected: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_2: coralary indi vidul hthings ar nothing but motofications of the hattrbuts of god ore mods by which the atrbeuts of god earexprest iny fixt anddefinat  maner
	layer_4: coralary individuual things are nothing but motifications of the atributes of god or modes by which the atrbutes of god are expresst ina fixd and definate manner
	layer_6: corilary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or mods by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_8: corulary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed ina fixed and definite manner
	layer_10: corullary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_12: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner

file: 4570-56594-0000.flac
expected: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_2: sigh o co sauth a tim you neverddsy
	layer_4: sachu cor sirch a time you never dad sy
	layer_6: sacho cor soch a time you never diadsy
	layer_8: such a cor such a time you never did see
	layer_10: such a corpe such a time you never did see
	layer_12: such a core such a time you never did see

file: 4570-56594-0001.flac
expected: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiany made a break
	layer_2: otwas wicion some body woa givd the cong ersation a start wn in i any mat a brik
	layer_4: oas wisian some body would give the comnvrsation a start wen in the any madeo brak
	layer_6: i was wish an somebody would give the conversation a start whein in tianni made a break
	layer_8: i was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indianni made a break
	layer_10: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break
	layer_12: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break

file: 4570-56594-0002.flac
expected: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_2: this ayt no great stot country sas he to the ol gentenman with the kain
	layer_4: this ait kno great stot country says he to the old gentlman with the kan
	layer_6: this ai't no great stok country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_8: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the caine
	layer_10: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the kange
	layer_12: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the kane

file: 4570-56594-0003.flac
expected: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_2: no soir says the ol gentnm
	layer_4: no sir says the old gentlemen
	layer_6: no sir says the old gantleman
	layer_8: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_10: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_12: no sir says the old gentleman

file: 4570-56594-0004.flac
expected: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_2: thers ver little grasing her and the rages prtty much ware ou
	layer_4: theres veryt little grasing here and the rage es pretty much war ou
	layer_6: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much were out
	layer_8: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_10: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_12: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out

file: 4570-56594-0005.flac
expected: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_2: the ng laty smilthroervay and the old laty snaptr as an lexcsid was ad the speaker
	layer_4: the yung lady smile thouhr val and the old lady snapter eys an look cide ways at the speaker
	layer_6: the young lady smile trough r vail and the old lady snappeder eyes and looked side ways at the speaker
	layer_8: the young lady smiled througher vele and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked siheways at the speaker
	layer_10: the young lady smiled througher veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_12: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker

file: 4570-56594-0006.flac
expected: i'm gwine down to orleans to see if i can't git a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys what's been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_2: an wine d oud arlingns to seuf a can't get contract out of oncle sam to feed the bos wotcs ben liokin thim in fional mexkon so ba
	layer_4: i'nd wyned ou d arlins to see ifi can't git ao contract out of uncl sam to feed the boys ance been liokin them in foronal mexcan so ba
	layer_6: i'm win down to aurlenes to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys ance ben lickin them in fernel mexikan so bad
	layer_8: i'm wined own to orlens to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_10: i'm wined down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_12: i'm wined down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad

file: 4570-56594-0007.flac
expected: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_2: ov ered some a counse of the batl cys the ol jentlemen tha didn't  a very flattering a cout of the cond uck d o some o artruops
	layer_4: if red some a counce of the battl says the ol gentleman the didn't yeve a very flattering a cout of the conduckd o some of our trops
	layer_6: i red some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman the didn't you a very flattering a cout of the conductdo some of our troops
	layer_8: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman thet didn't you a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_10: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't you a very flattering account of the conduct or some of our troops
	layer_12: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't you a very flattering account of the conduct or some of our troops

file: 4570-56594-0008.flac
expected: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twistin and groanin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_2: the ll preatur lisin to im with evid ent sinds ofe ds plasur to histin ingronin tilley couldenstand it no longer
	layer_4: the ol preatur lisento him with evident sinds of dis plasure to isten in gronen tily couldn' stand it no longer
	layer_6: the old preacher listene to him with evident sins of displeasure twistin and grownan till he couldn'tstand it no longer
	layer_8: the old preacher litened to him with evident sins of displeasure twisting and growning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_10: the old preacher listened to him with evident sins of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_12: the old preacher listened to him with evident sins of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer

file: 4570-56594-0009.flac
expected: he shut his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_2: he shuld is maoth rat in e mitle of wat y wa saon and lookek et pe preature whill is fay s gouhts reid as fr
	layer_4: he should his mauth right in the mitle of wat he wia saon and looked at the preature while his face god s red asfire
	layer_6: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saon and looked at the preacher while his face got s rd as fire
	layer_8: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as rd as fire
	layer_10: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as rd as fire
	layer_12: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire

file: 4570-56594-0010.flac
expected: swearin says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it nohow
	layer_2: swering sas the ol preature is a terible badt pract as aand ther ying know yuse in it know how
	layer_4: swering says the ol preature is a terible bad pract as and their int know use in it kno how
	layer_6: swearing says the old preachere is a terrible bad practs and there ain't kno use in it kno how
	layer_8: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it kno how
	layer_10: swearing says the old preacher is it terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_12: swearing says the old preacher is it terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how

file: 4570-56594-0011.flac
expected: umphs but indiany kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_2: ots but int any gep shad e appered to be cow d
	layer_4: ots but in the any gep shady he appeared to be cowd dow
	layer_6: ots but in th anny kep shady he appeared to be cowd down
	layer_8: ooks but in the anni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_10: oots but inde anni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_12: oots but in de anni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down

file: 4570-56594-0012.flac
expected: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosier listened without ever opening his head
	layer_2: yl gentlmon with the cainne tok apard in the combersation and the whosurlisen whithot ever oene in this hd
	layer_4: he ol gentleman with the can to ok a pard in the combersation and the whosure listen with that ever opene in his had
	layer_6: the old gentleman with the cane took apart in the conversation and the hosur listene without ever open in his head
	layer_8: the old gentleman with the kane took a part in the conversation and the hoogur listened without ever open ing his head
	layer_10: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozjer listened without ever openining his head
	layer_12: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoojer listened without ever opening his head

file: 4570-56594-0013.flac
expected: he was at sodom and gomorrow and seen the place whar lot's wife fell ah
	layer_2: he was at sowt a mengo moro and seen the place war lots whagth fhil
	layer_4: he was at sot amenga moro and seen the place ware lots wite fill a
	layer_6: he was at sotamengamorow and seeng the place ware lot's wiafh fill ah
	layer_8: he was at sadamengamoro and seeing the place war lot's wife fell ah
	layer_10: he was at sadamengamoro and seeng the place war lots wife fell ah
	layer_12: he was at sadam engamoro and seeing the place war lots wife fell ah

file: 4570-56594-0014.flac
expected: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_2: ye says the preature he wit to the very spot and was there markabliss thing a all he seen the piller of sall whatct he wase turnd in t
	layer_4: ye says the preature he wint to the very spot and was ther remarkabless thing of all he seenm the pillor of saull watch she was tured in to
	layer_6: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was tho remarkabless thing of all he seen the pillar of sal what she was turned into
	layer_8: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkables thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_10: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_12: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into

file: 4570-56594-0015.flac
expected: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_2: ye ser he seen thesulstand in tar to this da
	layer_4: yes sir he seen the so stand in thar to this day
	layer_6: yes sir he seen the sa stand in thar to this day
	layer_8: yes sir he seen the sa standin thar to this day
	layer_10: yes sir he seen the sat standin thar to this day
	layer_12: yes sir he's seen the sats standin thar to this day

file: 4570-56594-0016.flac
expected: what says the hoosier real genewine good salt
	layer_2: what says hhusur reoul genawin gotd soet
	layer_4: what says hhusur rel genawin good sat
	layer_6: what says the husure rel genwine good salft
	layer_8: what says the oozer real genowine good salft
	layer_10: what says the hoozer rel genoine good saft
	layer_12: what says the houzer real genoine good salft

file: 4570-56594-0017.flac
expected: yes sir a pillar of salt jest as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_2: ye sir a pillerof sallt jisd is it ws witn that wikid womon was ponished for herdeso bedits
	layer_4: yes sir a piller of sat just is it was wietnh that wiked woman was punished for her ds o bediats
	layer_6: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was wen that weked woman was punished for her des obedietes
	layer_8: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_10: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_12: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience

file: 4570-56594-0018.flac
expected: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_2: rihd out in the open ire heast
	layer_4: rig d out in the open air hsed
	layer_6: rit out in the open air he asked
	layer_8: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_10: ride out in the open air he asked
	layer_12: ride out in the open air he asked

file: 4570-102353-0000.flac
expected: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_2: we had theinbut little of that my nunt ant acur nowllygeof the intuir o the cot init whit was recqwasit for tedtermination of th probl
	layer_4: we had ten but little of that mynunt and accure nowage of the intuiore of the conten it which was reck was it for etermination of he proble
	layer_6: we had then but little of that minut and accurat knowlege of the inteior ofthe continete which was requisit for idetermination of the proble
	layer_8: we had theen but little of that minte and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continant which was requisite for determination of the problem
	layer_10: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_12: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem

file: 4570-102353-0001.flac
expected: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_2: savevril deieforet partis wer theirefor oren as to exam an the various routs supose to be prac ticable wit in the nore than ansethen limits of the  nid stats
	layer_4: saveral difforat parties were theirefor orgeniys to examind the verious routse suppose to be prack ticable with in the nor than end sothern limits of te nie states
	layer_6: several differete parties were therefore organise to examined the various routs supposed to be practickable with in the nor then and souther limits of theunited states
	layer_8: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_10: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_12: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states

file: 4570-102353-0002.flac
expected: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_2: the onlhi discimination mad was in the more prop andthorole quitmet of the parities fore the extrem nor thand lin and this was only becse that was supposed to bee the m osetiveicault of ex ution of all the servas
	layer_4: the only discrimination made was in the more propt and thorouw aquitment of the parties for the extramd nor than limne and this was only because that was supposed to beth the  mostivficalt of execution of all the servas
	layer_6: the only discrimination made was in the more prompet and thorogh equipment of the parities for the extremed northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_8: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_10: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_12: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys

file: 4570-102353-0003.flac
expected: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsequently led to the use of a coarser grain for artillery
	layer_2: inquoreies were mad with regar o gon pourt wgh sebsquently lead to the yus of a corser ring for aratellery
	layer_4: in quiries were made with regard do gon powtrt wige seb squently led to the use of a cour eer ran for ar tilloery
	layer_6: inquiries were made with regard to gun powter which subsquently led to the use of a corser rain for our tilery
	layer_8: inquiries were made with regard to gun powder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser rain for artillery
	layer_10: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarscer raein for artillery
	layer_12: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarcer rain for artillery

file: 4570-102353-0004.flac
expected: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_2: the offisers of thesd ragemints werehoson paretly bas to lection from those alredy inserbes in the reg of ther ormy ham partly by boint nha tfromsivel lai
	layer_4: the offisers of these ragements were chosan partly byss the lection from those already in servie in the reguf their army ampartly by  point nat from sivial li
	layer_6: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by election from those already in service in the regular army and partly by a pointment from cival lie
	layer_8: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil live
	layer_10: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_12: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life

file: 4570-102353-0005.flac
expected: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_2: onder in structintro the prasnint the lhiist was theirefor revesd and motifid he in accourencs wit theis new elmet o jyu crafical tdisterbution
	layer_4: onder instructions fro the presden the liest was theirefore revised and motafid e in a cournce with this new element of jecraficl disterbution
	layer_6: under instructions from the president the lst was therefore revized and modified in accornce with this new element of gecraphical distribution
	layer_8: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of gocraphical distribution
	layer_10: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_12: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution

file: 4570-102353-0006.flac
expected: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_2: ater s ome frther discussion of the question tho his jrs with drouw de satis fid with thereselt of the inerviu
	layer_4: afteresome forther discussion of the question e vis jers with drew dessatisfid with the result of the interview
	layer_6: after some further discussion of the question the visgers with drew di satisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_8: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_10: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_12: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview

file: 4570-102353-0007.flac
expected: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_2: the qurt omast r general on hearing of this counversation hasen' to an fore me that it was all on mhi stak at the appot y to the offishad been confounded with his father tho was i well known wig but that he the son whas ay demecret
	layer_4: the quartermastr general onhearing of this conversation hasen to anfor me that it was all in mistake at the appoitye to the offic had ben confounded with his father who was i well known wig but that het the son was a demercrat
	layer_6: the quartermaster general onhearing of this conversation hastene to enform me that it was all a mistake at the appoity to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the sun was a democrat
	layer_8: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake at the appoint e to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_10: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake ant the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_12: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake ant the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat

file: 4570-102353-0008.flac
expected: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_2: ia surd te general at this was all togeother him ateriol adding that it was anvery prety quarl is it stoood and that i had kno a deir to a fec t a settlemet o it on iny in feriyor issu
	layer_4: ias sured the general at this was all thogether him aterial adding that it was a very pretty quaral as it stood and that i had kno adesire to affect a settlement of it oin any infuriour issu
	layer_6: i asured the general that this was all together himmaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to affect a settlement of it on any infuriour isue
	layer_8: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_10: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no  desire to affect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_12: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue

file: 1650-157641-0000.flac
expected: the social attitude towards smoking in early victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_2: the soutial at to tors molking  ardedbic tworiin teyse an for sumtime lat her was curdios
	layer_4: the sutial ati totowers moking  ardybic tormien dase and for some time later was curius
	layer_6: the social atityu toworsmolking  arearivictorian dase and for some time later was curius
	layer_8: the social atitude towersmolking arary victorian das and for some time later was curious
	layer_10: the social attitude towers molking the ary victorian dase and for some time later was curious
	layer_12: the social attitude tol wers molking te aray victorian dase and for some time later was curious

file: 1650-157641-0001.flac
expected: now missus quilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_2: nol miss es crep hu sais i felion us mo kye homer and e sha proubly layse a way all nihs
	layer_4: now missus crelp he sais i feliin nus moking helmer and shall proubly pblays away i'ul niht
	layer_6: now missus crip he says i feelyin as moking huilmoer and shall probly playe away i'll night
	layer_8: now missus crep he says i feel yin a smoking humour and shall probaly blaze away iall night
	layer_10: now missus cip he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_12: now missus crip he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night

file: 1650-157641-0002.flac
expected: but sit where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_2: but see to whar you ar if he plles thin cace a wonstn
	layer_4: but the seedt  wer you are if ouplice in case a wounto
	layer_6: but the seadto wheary you are if you place in case at won yo
	layer_8: but the see a wher you are if you please in case i' wondt o
	layer_10: but the seat wher you are if you please in case i'v wound you
	layer_12: but the seet where you are if you please in case i' wound you

file: 1650-157641-0003.flac
expected: the dwarf's tastes however were catholic
	layer_2: the boorf cace hoiever wer capolet
	layer_4: the dorfs tace however wer capilt
	layer_6: the dorf's castes however wire capollit
	layer_8: the dhwrf's tastes however will capol it
	layer_10: the dwarf's tastes however will caple it
	layer_12: the dwarf's tastes however will captle it

file: 1650-157641-0004.flac
expected: but quilp and brass were not in society
	layer_2: buts crep en bras whenowthnsalsiate
	layer_4: but crealpend brass whenow thiencslsyaty
	layer_6: but crelp and bras where now th insosciety
	layer_8: but crelp and brass were now the insociety
	layer_10: but creelp and brass were now the insociety
	layer_12: but creap and brass were now the insociety

file: 1650-157641-0005.flac
expected: there were still plenty of active opponents and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_2: ther wa stofleney l fackthive uponais and the nouser sof tobaccl
	layer_4: there was stopflany o factave aponase and the noncers of to bacck
	layer_6: there was stuo lenyo factive aponas and the nounsers of tobacco
	layer_8: there was stuw plentyo factive aponis and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_10: there was sto plenty of factive oppones and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_12: there was sto plenty of factive oppones and denouncers of tobacco

file: 1650-157641-0006.flac
expected: one of the most distinguished was the great duke of wellington who abominated smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_2: one not the molsti thistingistr was the grd thewcof welingte who aboman ans molking andhe wast on toitd by bhin cores el segarst moking a mon allvisers elft te army
	layer_4: one nouf the mulstaf thistinguister was the grid te ocof walding t on who abamin and smoking ande wastennwoit by theing cres elf segarse moking amon alfisers elf the army
	layer_6: one ough the most at thistinguist was the grit dioko ralington who abomin and smoking and wastenit by theincraself sigars moking amon ofpicerself the army
	layer_8: one of the most of distinguised was the gri diokov ralington who abomined and smoking and was anoied by the increase of cigars moking among oficers of the army
	layer_10: one of the most of distinguished was the grit dokov waldington who abomn and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_12: one of the most lof distinguished was the gritdiokov waldington who abomine and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army

file: 1650-157641-0007.flac
expected: the ladies had a keen scent for the abominable odour of tobacco and distrusted the men who smoked
	layer_2: the lat is s ather kinsintfor th a bom en thiv all do worlf to baccl and that this trestetd the man hors mogk
	layer_4: the ladis hather kinsint for the abolmin i all doworl to backle and tit this trested the manhos moke
	layer_6: the lades hather kinsant for the abolmen of all dowerl tobacco and at tdhis trasted the man whosmoke
	layer_8: the lades had thei kinsant for the abawment ofall douerl tobacco and he distrusted the man hosmoke
	layer_10: the ladiest had their kinsin for the abamen of al douro tobacco and the distrusted the man whosmoke
	layer_12: the ladiest had their kinsin for the abaumentofal doero tobacco and the distrusted the man whosmoke

file: 1650-157641-0008.flac
expected: here is fitz boodle's or thackeray's comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_2: here us bisputhols ore thacoris commen ounert ha this this molcang vath ethes shouf beconcitherder crinme
	layer_4: heureis pis poutos or thacris commend onete ha this this smolking bat eytes shoul beconsidher ter crin
	layer_6: hereis fise puos or thacaris com and onit at is this smoking that i ts should be concidher de crine
	layer_8: here is fispuhos orthackoris commont on it what is this smoking that it should be concidred a crime
	layer_10: here is fizputos or thackoris comment on it what is this smoking that it should be conciderd a crime
	layer_12: here is fizputos or thackor is comment on it what is this smoking that it should be concidert a crime

file: 1650-157641-0009.flac
expected: i believe in my heart that women are jealous of it as of a rival
	layer_2: i believe in thy heart thofthe wemen ha jalle s ovit as suf or wivle
	layer_4: i belevein thy heart that the wman a gallast of it asuff o wivle
	layer_6: i believe in my heart hot the women a jeallus of it as seff awival
	layer_8: i believe in my heart hat the women ar jealous of it as sef arival
	layer_10: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as selferd rival
	layer_12: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as sulfer ival

file: 1650-157641-0010.flac
expected: i would lay a guinea that many a lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i am a smoker and says oh the vulgar wretch and passes on to something else
	layer_2: ihve the lay a gin thathe man lady hwas jest beincind i no to wred the aballd lins lastown the bolph hafter this confesion of my thathime ous moker and he sase ol the vagor reh and he pasis ouns of semething euse
	layer_4: ive the lay agine thathe manunlady who has jest been kind inouf to writ they abalt lins la estond the bok after this confession ouf myi thatei m us moker and the sae oh the vogo rech and e passes ounds of semething else
	layer_6: ie te lay agine that he manun lady who has just been kind enough to wreat the abould lines lay stond the book after this confession of mi that i must moker and te sae oh the vaugo rech and t passes ounds of something else
	layer_8: i delay a guinea that a mani lady who has just been kind enough to read the aboved lines lay ton the buk after this confession of mine that i must smoker andsaes oh the vagawrech and he pass he sounds of something else
	layer_10: i to lay a guinea that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the abobe lines lays down the buk after this confession of mine that i mus smoker ande sae oh the valgar wretch and pass ti sounds of something else
	layer_12: i telay a guinea that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the abobe lines lays down the buk after this confession of mine that i mus smoker and sace oh the valga wretch and pass e sounds of something else

file: 1650-157641-0011.flac
expected: germany has been puffing for three score years france smokes to a man
	layer_2: jurmanhe has beenm covingfor th rise glre ers fores malks to a man
	layer_4: jer many has been coving for thresqur years foras mokes to a men
	layer_6: ger many has been couffing for three sqor years fresmoks to a men
	layer_8: germany has been coughing for three squore years fresmoks to a man
	layer_10: germany has been coughing for three score years fre smokes to a man
	layer_12: germanny has been coughing for three score years fre smokes to a man

file: 1650-157641-0012.flac
expected: psha look at his progress
	layer_2: show lo cate his probgeus
	layer_4: sha lo at his progrurs
	layer_6: sha luk hat his progress
	layer_8: sha luk ad his progress
	layer_10: sha luoke at his progress
	layer_12: sha luke at his progress

file: 1650-157641-0013.flac
expected: thus the odour of tobacco was not brought into the drawing room
	layer_2: thus the o dore uoft o baccl was not grotinto o thertoyingl
	layer_4: thus the aldr of to backl was not browdingto their doying lo
	layer_6: thus the audor oftobacke was not browtd into their joying room
	layer_8: thus the aldor of tobacco was not brought into their jaing room
	layer_10: thus the aldor of tobacco was not brought into their drawing room
	layer_12: thus the aldor of tobacco was not brought into their drawing room

file: 1650-157641-0014.flac
expected: the journalists and bohemians who met at the cogers were above or below the dictates of fashion and smoking was always a feature of their gatherings
	layer_2: tes turnalaics and the boi means wfo mat a ther coders wereabol fore telod the tide pas el fassion and s mollgin was alwice of feure af ther gatherns
	layer_4: thosgurnallace and the bohi means wfho mat a ther coders were aboud or delowd the dig tasealf fassion and smolkan was alwace of feture of the r gatherens
	layer_6: thesgernalaces and the booigmeans who mat ad their coders were about or below the dig paseol fashion and smokin was s alwayste feature of their gatherins
	layer_8: thesjournalace and the buhymens who mat at their coajers were about for below the dig paseal fashion and smokin was always ta feature of their gatherins
	layer_10: the journalascte and the bugimians who met at thei coajers were about for below the dig pasea fashion and smoking was always the feature of their gatherings
	layer_12: the journalaste and the bogimians who met at their coajers were about or below the dig tasea fashion and smoking was always the feature of their gatherings

file: 1650-157641-0015.flac
expected: both queen victoria and the prince consort detested it so tobacco was taboo wherever the court was
	layer_2: both quin vetoria and the pris counsord te thastetit soo tl backa was t o bowerever the portorse
	layer_4: both queen victoria and the princ comseord te taste e so tl backa was to boirever the cortrce
	layer_6: both queenvictoria and the prince comesor detaste it so tobacko was to boerever the courtwarse
	layer_8: both queen victoria and the prince coumsor detaseted it so tobacco was to bu werever the courtwarse
	layer_10: both queen victoria and the prince consor detested it so tobacco was to bu wherever the pourtwase
	layer_12: both queen victoria and the prince consor detested it so tobacco was to bu wherever the courtwarse

file: 1650-173552-0000.flac
expected: at that very time at ten in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops on the poklonny hill looking at the panorama spread out before him
	layer_2: a thadte beritime a tein the mordi off the sikan of s ofbtember anthe polian was tanding amolnl his trus on the poclonin he loking o the peneir almos bgreat oue befor him
	layer_4: at that very time a tey in the morning of the sacendn ough seoftember and the polien was nanding a mong his chrops un the peclonyn hel lokiny a the pener  almos bread out before him
	layer_6: at that very time ettel in the morning of te seconouffsubtember and a polon was nending among his croops on the pecklonig hel lokingig ot ther penerramas bradout before him
	layer_8: at that very time attelin the morning of the second offsep tember d napoleon was standing among his troops on der palonin heel lokingi at the panaramas bradt out before him
	layer_10: at that very time attalli in the morning off the second of september d napoleon was standing among his troops under paclogni heel lookingg at the panaromas spred out before him
	layer_12: at that very time attalli in the morning off the second of september  napoleon was standing among his troops under paloni heel lookingng at the panaromas spread out before him

file: 1650-173552-0001.flac
expected: the brightness of the morning was magical
	layer_2: the brid in is selpf the mornyung was magical
	layer_4: the britin esselpf the mornn was magical
	layer_6: the brigden e self the mornun was magical
	layer_8: the brighen essolf the mournin was magical
	layer_10: the brightenes sof the mourning was magical
	layer_12: the brightenessof the mourning was magical

file: 1650-173552-0002.flac
expected: but my clemency is always ready to descend upon the vanquished
	layer_2: bu the my clamisese allwas ready to thei sen upalm e vemquist
	layer_4: bu the my clamisese alwhas ready to thi send upom e vmquishd
	layer_6: but ef my clamecis always ready to tdescend uponm e amquishetd
	layer_8: but of myclameses always ready to descend upon the vamquishet
	layer_10: but of miclameseis always ready to descend upon the vanquisht
	layer_12: but of miclamesseis always ready to descend upon the vanquist

file: 1650-173552-0003.flac
expected: yet here she is lying at my feet with her golden domes and crosses scintillating and twinkling in the sunshine
	layer_2: yedt hurs is ly ot my feet with har go than domis oaf en crouses sin gllaiting in a twincllay in the sun sn
	layer_4: yet her sh is lyy outmy feet with her godan domes an a crousis sincllating in a twinclly in the su si
	layer_6: yet here she is liig ont my feet with her goden domes and a crowses single lating in a twincllyn the sudnshine
	layer_8: yet here she is lying on my feet with her golden domes and crauses single lating in ta twinklein the sunshigne
	layer_10: yet here she is lying under my feet with her golden domes and acrauses single ating in the twinkleingnd the sunshine
	layer_12: yet here she is lying under my feet with her golden domes and crausis single lating in the twinkleingnd the sunshine

file: 1650-173552-0004.flac
expected: but i shall spare her
	layer_2: bun y shel spr her
	layer_4: but i shellspar her
	layer_6: but i shall spar her
	layer_8: but i shall spare her
	layer_10: but i shall spare her
	layer_12: but i shall spare her

file: 1650-173552-0005.flac
expected: from the height of the kremlin yes there is the kremlin yes i will give them just laws i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boyars remember their conqueror with love
	layer_2: from the hied ou the curamili yes thearis the cramili es o will give them jus the lous iotushd them the mening of shs of al isation i wil make tenarason soble wearse wre member ther congcor with hlad
	layer_4: from the hid ou te cuamily yes the earis the cramiling yes i will geve them jes the lous iwirltich them the meaning of shulse of a isation i will make genarasions of boe arse wremember their congor with lobt
	layer_6: from the hide out the qramily yes the earies the cramili yes i will give them just alows i will teach them the meaning of choos of al ization i will make generations of buiars remember their conquror with lod
	layer_8: from the hide out the cramelyn yes teearst the cramelin yes i will give them just allows i will teach them the meaning of shuceivialization i will make generations of boviars remember their conqueror with lat
	layer_10: from the hide of the qramellin yes berist the crammelin yes i will give them just allous i will teach them the meaning of cucivilization i will make generations of bouiars remember their conqueror with lod
	layer_12: from the hinde of the qramellin yes terist the crammelin yes i will give them just allouse i will teach them the meaning of cu civilization i will make generations of bouviars remember their conqueror with lod

file: 1650-173552-0006.flac
expected: i will tell the deputation that i did not and do not desire war that i have waged war only against the false policy of their court that i love and respect alexander and that in moscow i will accept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_2: ior tel that tha wltation that idi nout and to now desy wor tha thi ighed e wre only arginstd the fouse pollas y of their qoart thathi lo an the rrs backoaisender and va  masic i lecseb turmsel pes woerth fh ilf my sowfian of my cutpl
	layer_4: i r tel that that botation that i denout and to nou des i wr that i iched ha war only againct the fouse polasye of the re qurt thathi lav an the respackalasander and thalt  masical i loocebtermsa pecse wirth the olf my solt and of my peuple
	layer_6: oul tell that thabotation that i denout and to nout desi war that i fwachd the war only against the touse poliy of thei requourt that   love and te respacka lizander and that e mosical i look saptermsolf pice worththe of myself and of my peple
	layer_8: i wirl tell that thabotation that i de not and do nout desi war that i foreched the war only against the fause policy of the recort thati love and t respace alezander and vhar ymasico i look sapterms of pece worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_10: i will tell tha thatpotation that i di not and do not desire war that i weachd a war only against the false policy of the rport that  i love and he respact alexander and that e masico i lak sapterms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_12: i will tell tha thatbotation that i de not and do not desire war that i weached he war only against the false policy of the report that i love and the respack alexandr and that i masico i lek septerms of peace worthy of myself and of my people

file: 1650-173552-0007.flac
expected: i do not wish to utilize the fortunes of war to humiliate an honored monarch
	layer_2: at to noth reshd to uwtya lise the foart nselff war to hoa mllaite in ownered omonerk
	layer_4: at wo not resh to ouldiylised the fortonself war to amial at in ownouredtemonorc
	layer_6: at du not reach to yudillize the fortuns elf ar to humilaghte in onor the monoch
	layer_8: id do not reach to yudielize the fortunes of war to humulate in honor de monarch
	layer_10: at do not reiash to udilize the fortunes of war to humiliate in honour o monarch
	layer_12: at do not rash to utilize the fortunes of war to humiliate in honour te monarch

file: 1650-173552-0008.flac
expected: he will have to be told all the same said some gentlemen of the suite but gentlemen
	layer_2: he woul half to be te oll ther saing sa some deant men out this weit but gen med
	layer_4: he woul hale to be tot al the saig si some dent men out this wit but gent med
	layer_6: he wuld have to be tode i'l the samg say some gentemen ouf this wit but entemed
	layer_8: he would have to be toe all the same say some gentlemen of thes whit but gentlemen
	layer_10: he would have to be tod all the same say some gentleman of thes wit but gentleman
	layer_12: he would have to be tod all the same say some gentleman of thes wit but gentleman

file: 1650-173552-0009.flac
expected: a single report of a signaling gun followed and the troops who were already spread out on different sides of moscow moved into the city through tver kaluga and dorogomilov gates
	layer_2: a singoredpoord ouf the sinknoling gown  folo and the tos whowre a radis breat out ounthefren asiesuf mosco nmor bainto the sate to mor cologoot and thour gomol ov gats
	layer_4: a singoe report out he sinknoling gone folown and the toroes whore aradis bread out on ty fron asieself mosco no beento the sat ive tho vurd cologoot and thoure gomale ovfe gates
	layer_6: a single reporet outf the sink noling gano followd and the trof's whowere i'lraddist brad out on theferin asie self moscop mobing to the sati trug avird calo got and dourgamelev gates
	layer_8: a single report ot the sinknolingana foloe and the trus who re all raddis bread out on dephranasie solf mosco mobing to the sity toaverd cologa and dargamelev gates
	layer_10: a single report of the singno lingana follo and the truths who are alradis spread out on dephrinisize south mosco moving to the saty tover cologa and dargamele gates
	layer_12: a single report of the singno lingana folllow and the truths who are alradis spread out on dipherinisize south mosco moving to the saty toverd cologa and dargamelev gates

file: 1650-173551-0000.flac
expected: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brought the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for a minute and that someone from bazdeev's widow had called to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's books as she herself was leaving for the country
	layer_2: hes mager do mo cimein e siken time do sayte afthe fench mel hwhe the brau the lather fon the coundthise was abr ansistoo se him hefonly fore minits and thas some long from bus it thve swedo had ther cow to as pear t o take charge o her uspens pook ashe her selffasslaving for the counsure
	layer_4: he smaur dol mo camiun na second time to sae a the fanch melwhowhe the brow the leathter fom the coundhis was abere ansiisto see him efonly fore minute and thas some wen from besit deves weidto had the cow to ask piar to take charge ofp her huspanspook ase she herself aslaving for the countered
	layer_6: heismajor donmo came ing a second time to say that the frenchmal ho had te brow the latter fom the countess was a very ancious to see him e fonly fore minute and thats sume on from basatdive's wedow had  cow to ask piar to take charge of her husbands book asked she herself wa slaving for the countrd
	layer_8: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had a browed the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for minutes and that some one from bazadiv's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book aske she herself was slaving for the countard
	layer_10: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had browd he letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that someone from bazediv's widow had ta cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was slaving for the countrd
	layer_12: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had browd the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that someone from bazzidiv's widow had ta cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was slaving for the counturd

file: 1650-173551-0001.flac
expected: there was no one in the passage
	layer_2: ther was no wi in the passete
	layer_4: there was no wyin the passite
	layer_6: there was no wy in the passet
	layer_8: there was no way in the passagh
	layer_10: there was no ane in the passage
	layer_12: there was no one in the passage

file: 1650-173551-0002.flac
expected: the hall porter was standing at the front door
	layer_2: the hold coaser wastaneyg adthe frung to
	layer_4: the hol parser was staning ithe frun toor
	layer_6: the how pauser was standing a the fron door
	layer_8: the hol poser was standing at the front door
	layer_10: the holl porzer was standing at the front door
	layer_12: the hol porzer was standing at the front door

file: 1650-173551-0003.flac
expected: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase leading to the back entrance
	layer_2: fom the lan they were perstoe ther wasa sicen the sar case lingento the dac angioes
	layer_4: from the lan te were per stoo thear wasa secon the sarcase lingt toi the back angios
	layer_6: from the landin wer pier stoo ther was a second t sar case lingeit toih the back enchiese
	layer_8: from the landing where pier ste there was a second  sarcase linged to the back enghes
	layer_10: from the landing where perstood there was a second staircase linged to the back engins
	layer_12: from the landing where pier stood there was a second staircase lingid to the back engines

file: 1650-173551-0004.flac
expected: he went down that staircase and out into the yard no one had seen him
	layer_2: he wun down bou star cason th othin to the yard no wo hasse him
	layer_4: he wulnt dong thou starcaston i'ldinto the yard no won ha see him
	layer_6: he woen't downg thou stair casian i'ult into the yard no one ha see him
	layer_8: he wen't down thou staircasan oult into the yard no one has see him
	layer_10: he went down tho staircase an out into the yard no one has see him
	layer_12: he went down thou staircase an out into the yard no one has see him

file: 1650-173551-0005.flac
expected: when he felt he was being looked at he behaved like an ostrich which hides its head in a bush in order not to be seen he hung his head and quickening his pace went down the street
	layer_2: whe hee feald that the he wa s pe lo k thadth hi behaved e likg alsteris wherich hired is had in the botn teir nout o beseen he houn his had a e quikanig his pace ene dow thistouret
	layer_4: whe hea fale thathe he was sapeing lokaltad hi behaved a likea alseteris which highd is had in te busiino deir nowtof be seen he hon his had o a quicknig his pace when down the street
	layer_6: when he fealed that t he was speing luokat he behaved a like ae asterish which hidt his had in apputin uder now o be seen he hung his haden quickening his face went down the street
	layer_8: when he feailet that he was being luoked at he behaved i like a alsteris which hide his had in ta buchinurder now to be seen he hung his had and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_10: when he failtd that he was being luoked at he behaved i like alsterege which hide his had in ta puchin oder now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_12: when he failed that he was being luoked at he behaved it like alsterege which hide his head in tha buchin oder now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street

file: 1650-173551-0006.flac
expected: he hired the first cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriarch's ponds where the widow bazdeev's house was
	layer_2: he har the first a cap im ma in tll the jlivere to go to the pachry acx ponse where the wed the basis deve soulsos
	layer_4: he har the first a cap himat in telt the jlivere to go to the patry ax pons wer the wid te bazi teved sose us
	layer_6: he hard the first a cap imet and toll the jivere to go to the patriacponte where the widow basdeve souse was
	layer_8: he hard the first a cap hi met and told the joiver to go to the patriaxpounse where the widow bas dev's house was
	layer_10: he hare the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patriaxpouns where the widow bazdive's house was
	layer_12: he hared the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patriaxpouns where the widow bazdive's house was

file: 1650-173551-0007.flac
expected: this was the authentic scotch acts with bazdeev's notes and explanations
	layer_2: bhis was they olthentegcols acx with faehi t ves nostan sqlanations
	layer_4: this was the otentixscose act with bathiteves nilsan sclanations
	layer_6: this was the ahentic scollsh ax with bathteve snos an sclanations
	layer_8: this was the alphentic scalsh ax with pathdev snos andxclanations
	layer_10: this was the authentic scalsh ax with path deev snus and exclinations
	layer_12: this was the althentic scalsh ax with path deev snuls and exclinations

file: 1650-173551-0008.flac
expected: he sat down at the dusty writing table and having laid the manuscripts before him opened them out closed them finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand sank into meditation
	layer_2: he is sadt die thou dhusted witing table and the havin lave the menou s grebe for him opon the mol colsetem efinal y pused the a wy and e resting his head ow his han the senkin to made cation
	layer_4: he is sat dibe theugh thus tid witing table and the having lave the manus gribyfore him open the mo clolstom hefinallypose them a way andte resting his had ou his hand the sankin to madication
	layer_6: he is satt ive theu dus did writing table and the having lave the manus gribbefore him opend the mau clostom hfinallepused them away and arresting his head o his hand t senkin to mandication
	layer_8: he as saat teived the dus did writing table and h having laidd the menusgrib before him opened the mou close them finally pusted them away and arresting his head on his hand senk ingto mandication
	layer_10: he as se attia e the dus did writing table and having laid the manousgrib before him opened the mouth closthem finally poused them away and resting his heat on his hand senk into mandication
	layer_12: he as settti ed the dus derd writing table and having laid the manosgrib before him opened the mouth closstem finally pused them away and resting his heat on his hand senk into mandication

file: 1650-173551-0009.flac
expected: makar alexeevich came twice that evening shuffling along in his galoshes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatingly at pierre
	layer_2: macher a lexto vose came e twiced tho the eivene shuflig alghsclushieus of s farese the doo and stoups an he lokedin greca tily othe pcer
	layer_4: mackher a laxt o vace came utwice thather veni shouftling alowng his sclashous ofs faras the doo and stops and the loked in gricha toly t the per
	layer_6: macker alaxovige came  twice thather evening shuffling alonging his sclasies is farest the dor and stops and ta loked angricatily at the pier
	layer_8: maker alexovich came twice athe evening shuffling alongn his klaches as far ast the door and stoped and  looked ingreciately at the piere
	layer_10: maker alextrovitch came twice that the evening shuffling along in his sklaches as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatily at the pierre
	layer_12: makyr lextrovitch came twice that the evening shuffling along in his klaches as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatily at the pierre

file: 1650-167613-0000.flac
expected: the officers were about to take leave but prince andrew apparently reluctant to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay and have tea
	layer_2: the alphisersal bou to taclen fro the prieneuw a parnto relactent o belapt a lowri his fren hask a te the stay an haft
	layer_4: the atvisers wil bow ta taella for the princenou apparente relactentlf belaft a laow witfhis fren as  them the stay an halfd he
	layer_6: the ulvisers wir bow to takela for the princendue a parental relacdtentile be leftd along with his friend ask them to stay and haft he
	layer_8: the olficers war bowd to take lea for the princandeu apparently relacedtentol be left along with his friend ask them to stay and haf ta
	layer_10: the ovficers were bowd to take leave for the prince andrew apparently relactent to be left alon with his friend aske them to stay and haf tea
	layer_12: the offvicers were bowed to take leave for the prince andrew apparently relactent to be left along with his friend askd them to stay and hafe tea

file: 1650-167613-0001.flac
expected: seats were brought in and so was the tea
	layer_2: ss all growtein and he so wast tert
	layer_4: sese will bgrowtheing and the sou wos tirto
	layer_6: cas wilel browthen and the soul wosthite
	layer_8: sazs will brawth in and the soul wost fetu
	layer_10: sas will brath in and the soul worst fe tu
	layer_12: sas will brathe in and the soul worst fe te

file: 1650-167613-0002.flac
expected: the officers gazed with surprise at pierre's huge stout figure and listened to his talk of moscow and the position of our army round which he had ridden
	layer_2: the al viserscase is  a priese of he pursoagh stol beger an thelisinto histouk u pamousicoat andthe posicion ol olrarnmy wlone waic he had ha breton
	layer_4: the alviserscase wits sopprised at a purs whoge stolt higer and e lisento his talk ufpmousicot and a position ol ourary lung whach he had a breaden
	layer_6: the alvicerscae with surprised an a peurse huge stoled figere and e listen to his talk ofp amousicoat andta position al volber army lunk which he had o bradhen
	layer_8: the alficers case with surprised atd a perse huge stoup figure and a listened to his talk of a mousacot and a position al vauber army lnk which he had a breatdon
	layer_10: the olficerscase with surprised at a purce huge stout figure anda listen to his talk of a mousico and te position of baubar army long which he had a breten
	layer_12: the olficerscase with surprised at a purce huge stout figure and o listen to his talk of a mousico and a position of baubar army long which he had a breten

file: 1650-167613-0003.flac
expected: so you understand the whole position of our troops
	layer_2: soyou ener stand the who poseace an noup oer toks
	layer_4: so you enterstan the wholme possece an noup ouwer troks
	layer_6: so you enderstand the whome pusirs onouh ouer troops
	layer_8: so you understand the home positi enough our troops
	layer_10: so you understand the hole position of ourd troops
	layer_12: so you understand the whole position of ouwerd troops

file: 1650-167613-0004.flac
expected: not being a military man i can't say i have understood it fully but i understand the general position
	layer_2: nowt being o milla t ry man he cani saap end er stothey the foy bu thi enter sten the generar posution
	layer_4: nowt being a milletoreman hecanisa af inder sto they the foly but the endtherstem the generod posution
	layer_6: now being amillatary man the cannasahalf enderstoo they t folly but they enderstemd the general posution
	layer_8: now being a military man the canosaaf enderstotheyd fully but they understand the general pecision
	layer_10: not being a military man the canaseaf understood he'd fully but they understand the general precision
	layer_12: not being a military man the canaseaf understood hed fully but they understand the general precision

file: 1650-167613-0005.flac
expected: well then you know more than anyone else be it who it may said prince andrew
	layer_2: well then youkno o than anyn h ouse be had hoyth mays sad pris enour
	layer_4: welld then you know mr that anyin  ouse be ad hoith may sad pres enour
	layer_6: well then you know more that anyone else peet hoith may sad priss eneur
	layer_8: well then you know more than anyone else pet hotmay sad prisc ander
	layer_10: well then you know more than anyone else bt hotmay said prince andrew
	layer_12: well then you know more than anyone else bet hotmay said prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0006.flac
expected: and tell me your opinion of barclay de tolly
	layer_2: ta tell me yr a ceniof baclay the toll
	layer_4: a tell me youre ou penia backlat thei tole
	layer_6: a tell me youre openia baclate theiy tolliy
	layer_8: and tell me your aopenia  baclate tetoy
	layer_10: and tell me your opinif baclate de toi
	layer_12: and tell me your opinia baclate detoli

file: 1650-167613-0007.flac
expected: pierre looked at timokhin with the condescendingly interrogative smile with which everybody involuntarily addressed that officer
	layer_2: prto k that t molchum with the comn he senely instor rok tivf slil with wieemeebody a bollen serily orjlise that allpysr
	layer_4: purlok the t molchm with the come hi sendily into raktves mile with waichih amrboly bollenterily oejace that alpicer
	layer_6: per look thatmalcime with the coniscendally into rarctive smile with wish amrboy  volunterily orjoased that alpicer
	layer_8: pure look that malkhim with the convdescendily inte roctive smile with whish ameybody volunterily orjased that olficer
	layer_10: pure look that malk him with the condescendinly into rogative smile with which everybody voluntarily adressd that officer
	layer_12: pure look that malk him with the condescendingly inte rogative smile with which everybody voluntarily adressd that officer

file: 1650-167613-0008.flac
expected: we see light again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency said timokhin timidly and continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_2: wih  elitherga siesesisur ranit has min the poins it yoeuwr axsolenc es set tin molkc in timigl ind the cometoneay turning to golanse adt iscurnal
	layer_4: whih she  lihthe gai sionse his aranity hask men the pointit you hr axcolencys sati malkcantimigolly and the cometi nualyaterning tok glance hat is cornal
	layer_6: which she alight again sined hi surranity has me tappointed you ere axcellency sat i malintimigally and te continually  turning too glance at is colonel
	layer_8: which shealight again since his seranity has been appointed your excellency sat i moentimigally and  continually tturning to glance at his celonel
	layer_10: which she alight again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency set mokin timically and continually turning to glance at his kelonel
	layer_12: which he alight again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency set morkin timically and continually turning to glance at his kelonel

file: 1650-167613-0009.flac
expected: why so asked pierre
	layer_2: why so ask o e per
	layer_4: why so aske f a pr
	layer_6: why so ask tapper
	layer_8: why so ask the per
	layer_10: why so ask the per
	layer_12: why so ask the peer

file: 1650-167613-0010.flac
expected: then why was it forbidden
	layer_2: the love was hits porbeden
	layer_4: the ie was hits forbeden
	layer_6: the wie was it porbeden
	layer_8: the ive was it fobiden
	layer_10: thelie was it forbien
	layer_12: the lie was it for biden

file: 1650-167613-0011.flac
expected: at smolensk too he judged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had larger forces
	layer_2: a s mol thanscto hicjas the croractoly tehathef e frenct myn te out qlncus as le had alars fourses
	layer_4: as sma tancke too hecjase the crractally that e a french mighto oautlencos as the had alarge forces
	layer_6: a smalanck too he chuged te crractally that o the french mint aut flancas as the had a large forces
	layer_8: at smolansk too he chugede corractlly that of te french miht autflankas as thee had a large forces
	layer_10: at smolansk too he judged correctly that o the french might alflankas as they had large forces
	layer_12: at smolansk too he judged correctly that if the french might alflankas as they had large forces

file: 1650-167613-0012.flac
expected: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and losses went for nothing
	layer_2: the ol terdas to rechet han the al oer affers in he lolses wonte fore nofhing
	layer_4: the oltheredus to rechroet hand the ou iure affors in a lolses wole for nouthing
	layer_6: he odered us to retreat han  oa our affers in ha lowses wold fore nothing
	layer_8: he odered us to retreat an au our affors and allowsthist wooldfor nothing
	layer_10: he odered us to retreat and al our affirs and allows this wooldn for nothing
	layer_12: he owdered us to retreat and all our affirs and allows this wooldn for nothing

file: 1650-167613-0013.flac
expected: so it has been with barclay
	layer_2: soy the aspeen with farclin
	layer_4: silyth aspen with farclly
	layer_6: sili tho aspin with farcly
	layer_8: silly the aspin with farcy
	layer_10: sily theaspin with farkly
	layer_12: silly teaspin with farkly

file: 1650-167613-0014.flac
expected: while russia was well a foreigner could serve her and be a splendid minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own kin
	layer_2: wel rust on was wel te foring ar could sirb her and te beous lan in amine str butho son asihis in dangur shounese one oufer on cin
	layer_4: well rus on was well beforing heir could sirbed her and he beus plan in a minestert futhou soon ashes indenger shel nese one ouffher on kin
	layer_6: well rousan was well before ing er could served her and a bea s land in a minister but a soon assheus in danger she nas one ouf her own king
	layer_8: well russian was well beforein her could surbe her and to be a sblad in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she neese one of her own king
	layer_10: well russian was well beforeinner could serve her and be a spland in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own king
	layer_12: well russian was well before inner could serve her and be a spland in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own king

file: 1650-167613-0015.flac
expected: and they say he's a skillful commander rejoined pierre
	layer_2: and v say his as sco foll comanter h e jin the per
	layer_4: and ty say his a sci ful comander he wu joing the pur
	layer_6: and vhey say his a skilfulcomendo he woeejoin the peur
	layer_8: and they say he's a skilful commandor he would join the pur
	layer_10: and they say he's a skilful commande he would join the per
	layer_12: and they say he's a skilful commando he would join the peer

file: 1650-167613-0016.flac
expected: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_2: i don' and ther stand hat whatheis mence by asfepl com maender e plithe prins ensu i ronghecla
	layer_4: i don't and ther stand  whathis mente by a scewful commander repllid the princ ndo i rongicll
	layer_6: i don't and dher stand what is meant by a sceful commander replied tho prince anjud irongiclly
	layer_8: i don't understand what is meant by a skultful commander replied th prince andew irongically
	layer_10: i don't understand what is meant by a skilful commander replied  prince andrew ironically
	layer_12: i don't understand what is meant by a skilful commander replied prince andrew ironically

file: 1650-167613-0017.flac
expected: a skillful commander replied pierre
	layer_2: u s gei foll com mander redpli he yer
	layer_4: e scuiful commander replye th pr
	layer_6: a sciful commender repli the per
	layer_8: a skiful commander replied the per
	layer_10: a skilful commander replied the peer
	layer_12: a skilful commander replied the peer

file: 1650-167613-0018.flac
expected: pierre looked at him in surprise
	layer_2: pseure lo co the him ous of prie
	layer_4: purea lokea ther hami s of price
	layer_6: purat look a the hemns of price
	layer_8: pure lok ar the hamss of price
	layer_10: purea lookare the hems of price
	layer_12: pure lok are the hemmes of price

file: 1650-167613-0019.flac
expected: and yet they say that war is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_2: and the yes thei sayehot the woarcse like o gae eofs chas heremard
	layer_4: and the yets the saehot the larise like a game olf chas eremarkd
	layer_6: and the yets they sate that the arse like a game of ches he remarke
	layer_8: and  yets they save that the warist like a game of ches he remarked
	layer_10: and yet they say that the waris like a game of ches he remarked
	layer_12: and yet they say that the waris like a game of ches he remarked

file: 1650-167613-0020.flac
expected: the relative strength of bodies of troops can never be known to anyone
	layer_2: the ralotervestrens of fotheis uf tbk con never benons wor anar on
	layer_4: the rallotevesdrenth of bothis of tup connever be nowne or anur one
	layer_6: the ralatife strenth of bothius of tupbe can never beknown twor ane one
	layer_8: the relative strength of bodis of tobe can never be known tor any one
	layer_10: the relative strength of bodies of tube can never be known tor any one
	layer_12: the relative strength of bodies of tube can never be known tor any one

file: 1650-167613-0021.flac
expected: success never depends and never will depend on position or equipment or even on numbers and least of all on position but on what then
	layer_2: seuxess memver tepans an nevera will te an om position oer e cuevemen ort uvano nenbers and a lestof al oun posation butd ou wat than
	layer_4: suxcesst memver depens ad naveral will depen on possition were e queevement wor eve o nembers and a leaset off all on possition but oun what than
	layer_6: success mebver depencse ad never will depen on position were equevement were even a nemburs and a least offh al on position but im what dhen
	layer_8: success never depends and never will depend on position were equievement were even a nembers and e least off all on position but on what then
	layer_10: success never depends and never will depend on position wher equivement or even o nembers and at least of all on position but on what then
	layer_12: success never depends and never will depend on position where equivement or even o nembers and at least of all on position but on what then

file: 1650-167613-0022.flac
expected: on the feeling that is in me and in him he pointed to timokhin and in each soldier
	layer_2: oun he firlling bhatheasin m and e him hepointidt tootimouking and he  is solser
	layer_4: oun the filling that as inme and e him hepointede took ti molking and h is soser
	layer_6: au de feling that is in me and e him he pointed took thi malking and he is soser
	layer_8: andof feeling that is in me and e him he pointed totomaking and e is sozer
	layer_10: ounde feeling that is in me and e him he pointed to timaking and he is sojer
	layer_12: ounde feeling that is in me and e him he pointed to ti marking and he is sojier

file: 1650-167613-0023.flac
expected: a battle is won by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_2: t batois on by those whoe forbly reisou to winant
	layer_4: be batois ome by those whoe firmbly resouf o winet
	layer_6: bet bato is womne by those who firmly resolved o winet
	layer_8: te baor is worn by those who firmly resolved winnet
	layer_10: the battle is sworn by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_12: the battle is sworn by those who firmly resolve to win it

file: 1650-167613-0024.flac
expected: why did we lose the battle at austerlitz
	layer_2: whiye the wiltls the bathe and her ou sbothers
	layer_4: why the willlse the batewr and er ouseblens
	layer_6: why the widows the batteer and the ouse vullans
	layer_8: why the wildows the batter and the ousevullans
	layer_10: why the willows the batter and the auc bllas
	layer_12: why the willows the batter and the aus bullans

file: 1650-167613-0025.flac
expected: we've lost so let us run and we ran
	layer_2: weflous tot sl lighthes wong andthe re on
	layer_4: wef lous o sio lightus one andtha we on
	layer_6: wef loused sil light us one andte we wone
	layer_8: wevf loused sol laght us on and we wen
	layer_10: we'vf loust si light us won and we wen
	layer_12: we'f loust si light us won and we wen

file: 1650-167613-0026.flac
expected: but tomorrow we shan't say it
	layer_2: tu tomarl wre shin saans
	layer_4: but tomorrol were shian saenct
	layer_6: but to morol were shenseyant
	layer_8: but to morrolw wer schencaents
	layer_10: but to morrow we'r chenseans
	layer_12: but to morrow were chenseans

file: 1650-167613-0027.flac
expected: but what awaits us tomorrow
	layer_2: buthou whotha we hes to marl
	layer_4: buthu watha wat hase to marrl
	layer_6: but at what ar weat has to marrol
	layer_8: but ta wat a wet has to morrow
	layer_10: but a wat a weat has to morrow
	layer_12: but ta wat a weat has to morrow

file: 1650-167613-0028.flac
expected: the fact is that those men with whom you have ridden round the position not only do not help matters but hinder
	layer_2: the factase bthetha os man tht with whol you have frithen werring the pocision nawth oly tdo nall hel mathers bu the hinder
	layer_4: the facktace that a those man tut with whome you have friden were roungd the poscution now  only do nowlhelp mathters but they hinder
	layer_6: the factis that a those man ft with home you have friden werongd he posision not only to nol help matters but a hinder
	layer_8: the fact is that of those men f with home you have frehden werewroungd ta posision not only to naw help matters but a hinder
	layer_10: the fact is that  those men fo with whome you have friten werwrong  position not only to nawl help matters but a hinder
	layer_12: the fact is that those men fo with whom you have friten werwrong e position not only to naw help matters but a hinder

file: 1650-167613-0029.flac
expected: that's the truth the real truth said timokhin
	layer_2: vase thetufh theu relshruf said tomollkin
	layer_4: bhased the trof the realtrof said to malkin
	layer_6: bas the truf the real trof satto mulkin
	layer_8: vast the truf the real truf sat to mulcin
	layer_10: vas the truth the real truth said to mulkin
	layer_12: vas the truf the real trufh said to mulkin

file: 1650-167613-0030.flac
expected: it's not the day for that they say
	layer_2: is now the daefore thot bs say
	layer_4: is now thout daye for thiut they say
	layer_6: is now the day for that they say
	layer_8: is now the day for that they say
	layer_10: is now the day for that they say
	layer_12: is now the day for that they say

file: 1650-167613-0031.flac
expected: all were silent the officers rose
	layer_2: ol wore selends the oisersrls
	layer_4: o were seland the alpiser sros
	layer_6: aw were selend the alphicer sros
	layer_8: ow were selland the alficersrose
	layer_10: ow were sellant the officers rose
	layer_12: ow were sellant the officers rose

file: 1650-167613-0032.flac
expected: yes yes answered prince andrew absently
	layer_2: theeses anseoe the prins ens er asoml
	layer_4: theessees andser the prince endor absempflly
	layer_6: tyes es andser the prince endr absemphlly
	layer_8: yes yes answer the prince andr absenplly
	layer_10: yes yes answer the prince andrr absemphly
	layer_12: yes yes answer the prince andrer absemphly

file: 1650-167613-0033.flac
expected: the french have destroyed my home and are on their way to destroy moscow they have outraged and are outraging me every moment they are my enemies
	layer_2: ther franschustis stoie my ho andtr aln le wy t of tistoy mosicl they hap oull thrisd and our oll trisony every momments thear motk anumins
	layer_4: thei franchus dis stoye my home and ar only wor d o thistoy masical they havf au tresd and our autrisomy every moment thearamo anemiens
	layer_6: the franch has detroyed my home and our only wood le te stroy marsicale they haf autrist and our autrison me every moment theremar animins
	layer_8: the french has destroyed my home and our only wodo destroy masicle they hafh outrosed and our outrisoe me every moment thermy animies
	layer_10: the french has destroyed my home and our only wordl destroy marsicl they havfe outrooasd and our outrisue me every moment ther ma animiles
	layer_12: the french has destroyed my home and our only wodl destroy marsico they have outroosed and our outrisum me every moment ther my animiles

file: 1650-167613-0034.flac
expected: in my opinion they are all criminals
	layer_2: emy l iniabhear oul ciminels
	layer_4: i mi apina ter ou qriminals
	layer_6: i my apina ber ou criminals
	layer_8: in my alpenia der o criminals
	layer_10: in my alphinia ber ow criminals
	layer_12: in my alphinia bear owl criminals

file: 1650-167613-0035.flac
expected: and so thinks timokhin and the whole army
	layer_2: and so  tings tomolg ad the hollarmin
	layer_4: and so  thinks to malciy and the whole arming
	layer_6: and so thinks to molcui and the whole armin
	layer_8: and so thinks to maluy and the whole armin
	layer_10: and so thinks to malki and the whole armyn
	layer_12: and so thinks to malki and the whole army

file: 1650-167613-0036.flac
expected: since they are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may have been said at tilsit
	layer_2: sse the are my fos they can nel be my frience wet evebermay hae be sad e t a tusent
	layer_4: sise the are my fouse they can nolth bee my frense whillevver may hae be sad et a tulset
	layer_6: sise they are my fose they canknelt be my friends willever may howe be sad at a tusets
	layer_8: sis the are my fos they can nelt be my friends will evver may have be sad at a tuset
	layer_10: sins they are my foes they can nelt be my friends will ever may have be sat at a tuset
	layer_12: sinsh they are my foes they can nelt be my friends will ever may have be sat at a tucet

file: 1650-167613-0037.flac
expected: yes yes muttered pierre looking with shining eyes at prince andrew
	layer_2: hyesis bothere de per lokun with shining eyse ot t a crus aenyou
	layer_4: yesss mathere the pear lokin with shigning eyes at tha prnc andyou
	layer_6: yes es mathere de per lokim with shining eyes at he princ and yu
	layer_8: yes es mater dae pr locimg with shining eyes at the prince anduw
	layer_10: yes yes matau de pir locimg with shining eyes athe prince andnrew
	layer_12: yes yes matau de pir locim with shining eyes at the prince andnrew

file: 1650-167613-0038.flac
expected: they talk to us of the rules of war of chivalry of flags of truce of mercy to the unfortunate and so on it's all rubbish
	layer_2: the towktoas of er rs  o r of ivery ou tolakes eof tuse a mersy to the am fourtana te iniso wong ti ol wobit
	layer_4: the tolk to oust ouf a rosedtof r of ivere o'f flacks of tous of mursy to the anfortana t an isto ong i ol rabinse
	layer_6: the talkd to as alff erused off wr of chiverie ol plax of touse of mercy to the infortina and sto long it ou rabbish
	layer_8: the talk toastaf erus of ar of chivary off flax of tuth of mercy to the unfortunad and so long it' ou rabbish
	layer_10: the tak to astaf erus of war of chivalry of flax of tuth of mercy to the unfortunae and so long i's ou rabbish
	layer_12: the talk to astof verustof war of chivalry of flax of tute of mercy to the unfortunatand so long i's ou rabbis

file: 1650-167613-0039.flac
expected: they plunder other people's houses issue false paper money and worst of all they kill my children and my father and then talk of rules of war and magnanimity to foes
	layer_2: the plen ther ofther pepos houlses uso fous caveron and a arst of ol the cell my cusdren an the my father and dan towk o rose el for and magnmati to folvs
	layer_4: the plander o ther pepolse holces usu false plaver mony and a orst ulf oud they kill my cugren and he my father and den towk off rose elffr and magnimitese to fose
	layer_6: the plander of their people's houses isel falst plaver bony and  warst uff ow they kill my children and en my father and tain talk off ruseelffr and magnimiteas to fose
	layer_8: the plander of their peoples houses isufas plaver uny and worsd aff fow they kill my children and my father and then talk off rulsefur and magnimite to fos
	layer_10: the plander of thei people's houses eishufas plaveranni and worst ovow they kill my children and my father and then talkof rusafr and magnimitie to fos
	layer_12: the plender of thei people's houses eshufas plaverbanni and worst afow they kill my children and my father and then talk of rusefur and magnimiti to fos

file: 1650-167613-0040.flac
expected: take no prisoners but kill and be killed
	layer_2: tate no prissoners by the cel and becl
	layer_4: take no prinsoners by the kel and becl
	layer_6: take no princoners by the kil and be killed
	layer_8: take no princeners bu the keel and bikil
	layer_10: take no prisoners but the keel and bekil
	layer_12: take no prisoners but the keel and bekil

file: 1650-167613-0041.flac
expected: prince andrew who had thought it was all the same to him whether or not moscow was taken as smolensk had been was suddenly checked in his speech by an unexpected cramp in his throat
	layer_2: trs enje who have falterd he was all the same to him whether we noth mousicgo was tagain as motans chadte been wa so theyd chacthng h spes bya anspacted he crambus throlt
	layer_4: priece ende who have falteyd o was al the same to him whether wre nowt mounsicaas takgan as mowlancs chadten wal southeayat chacktin hirs spich by a an spacted a crambis throuoed
	layer_6: prince enjre who have fol it was ou te same to him whether were not mounsica was taken a s miulans chad bein wul sedherwychacting hi spich by a an spacted  crambis throaed
	layer_8: prince andrew who have faeld it was alt the same to him whether wee nowt moucico was taken as maulans had been wos sudernly chacting his speech by a enpacted crambyes throat
	layer_10: prince andrew who have felt it was all the same to him whether or not mausico was taken as maulan's had been was suddenly checkting his speech by an enxpected crambs throat
	layer_12: prince andrew who have felt it was all the same to him whether or not mausico was taken as maulan's had been wars suddenly checkting his speech by an expected crambiis throat

file: 1650-167613-0042.flac
expected: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes glittered feverishly and his lips quivered as he began speaking
	layer_2: he paesetoben down of f you time s in silns bu the hs ies geytor a fivarsly and the hislieves quebrd asta begains pikon
	layer_4: he pased ofp an downg af fewuthime s in silans but te his eyce gleater fivlisly and the his leves queeberd as ta begain speking
	layer_6: he paced up and dong a fewt thime sin silence but his eycs gleater fivolishly and t hist lefs queebered aske it began stpeaking
	layer_8: he piced up and dong a few times sine silence but his eyecs gleatere fevorishly and his lifs queevered ask it began speaking
	layer_10: he paced up and dung a few times sin silence but his eyes gleater fevorishly and his leips quevered as ti began speaking
	layer_12: he paced up and dung a few times sin silence but his eyes gleater fevorishly and his leips quevered as thi began speaking

file: 1650-167613-0043.flac
expected: and when there was a war like this one it would be war
	layer_2: and the one there was o or a like vhis on itbeo mor
	layer_4: and the one there was o ore like this one ito beo wor
	layer_6: and the win there was to wur like this one itou be  ware
	layer_8: and the wen there was the war like this one it woul be a war
	layer_10: and the ond there was ta war like this one it wuld be a war
	layer_12: and the ond there was tha war like this one it would be a war

file: 1650-167613-0044.flac
expected: what is needed for success in warfare
	layer_2: ha this nmeted the four succice in r fare
	layer_4: whl this neted the fore succise in wr fair
	layer_6: while this needed he for succising wharfair
	layer_8: wel this needed e four suxcising war fare
	layer_10: wall this needed e four succising warfare
	layer_12: wall this needed a four succising warfare

file: 1650-167613-0045.flac
expected: and in spite of all this it is the highest class respected by everyone
	layer_2: on te u spyht ol foll this it is the hius the class rispackted the baht evy on
	layer_4: and i s bid alfoll this it is the highes the closs respacte the by every ane
	layer_6: ani spite all follo this it is the high as the closs respacted t by everyone
	layer_8: andeu spite afowlol this it is the highest the class respected by everyone
	layer_10: on the yu spiteal fowo this it is the highest te clas respected by everyone
	layer_12: on the yu spital fowlw this it is the highest the class respected by everyone

file: 1650-167613-0046.flac
expected: how does god above look at them and hear them
	layer_2: hal thou s co thaby loke ave then an te her te
	layer_4: hallthu scothabive loke a them anda here them
	layer_6: hadta scot abov locat them and heare them
	layer_8: haldoskad abav lokad them and hear them
	layer_10: hadaskada bav look at them and hear them
	layer_12: hadaskadabab look at them and hear them

file: 1650-167613-0047.flac
expected: i see that i have begun to understand too much
	layer_2: i seeve that i havp begenho un their sten tomut
	layer_4: i seee that i have began to andtheir stan tomuth
	layer_6: i see that i have began to ender stand tomuh
	layer_8: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_10: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_12: i see that i have began to understand too much

file: 1650-167613-0048.flac
expected: and it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it's not for long he added
	layer_2: and thei thusen dofuor mendtof pacst of the truee of nollese o go t ineuble a whoi this nouh forlong he aded
	layer_4: and the dosendol for ment of cased of the tre of nawlage orff goo thin  eble ah welithis nowth forlong he addid
	layer_6: and he doezndou for ment of caste of the tree of knowledge of god andeble ah well it is now fourlong he addet
	layer_8: and a dozn' do for ment of case of the tree of knowledge of good and eble ah well it is now for long he added
	layer_10: and a dozen do for men to tase of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it is now for long he added
	layer_12: and a dozen do for men to tase of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it is now fore long he added

file: 1650-167613-0049.flac
expected: however you're sleepy and it's time for me to sleep
	layer_2: ho aver yoerslolytpy a this time fuor medo stly
	layer_4: hoever yoursilevpy and this time for megof stle
	layer_6: however your slleve e and this time for me josleep
	layer_8: however your slevehe at this time for me o sleep
	layer_10: however your slleeve ant this time for me to sleep
	layer_12: however your sleeve ant this time for me to sleep

file: 1650-167613-0050.flac
expected: go back to gorki said prince andrew suddenly
	layer_2: gol bac to gorku saidthe prhisendr a suthely
	layer_4: go back to gorku said the prec ender o sutenlay
	layer_6: go back to gork hou said the princ endro suddenly
	layer_8: go back to gorkyu said the prince andro suddenly
	layer_10: go back to gourgyou said t prince andrew suddenly
	layer_12: go back to gorgyou said te prince andrew suddenly

file: 1650-167613-0051.flac
expected: go go before a battle one must have one's sleep out repeated prince andrew
	layer_2: go god before bato one nust ef  wons sully polutf recped prins engel
	layer_4: go god before battlle one nust effl onee solepoth repid princ enje
	layer_6: go god before battle one tust haffor one solipouth repid princh enje
	layer_8: go gold before battle one must hate for one solipouth repid princ anjew
	layer_10: go gold before battle one must have for one sleip hout repeied prince andrew
	layer_12: go gold before battle one must hav for one sleep hout repeited prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0052.flac
expected: no he does not want it pierre concluded
	layer_2: no hed thus molt wonter er conm cthed
	layer_4: no he thus nolt wn er ure come coded
	layer_6: no he dest nolt wand he pur come codet
	layer_8: no he does not want i purkomcolledid
	layer_10: no he does not want it puricom clld it
	layer_12: no he does not want it piricom colled it

file: 1650-167613-0053.flac
expected: and i know that this is our last meeting
	layer_2: and i nol to the si s arwer loas te mting
	layer_4: and  i not dhouthe thisise il r last te meting
	layer_6: and i know thather this is ar wr last to meting
	layer_8: andi know that t this is a wre last ta meeting
	layer_10: and i know that this is or were last a meeting
	layer_12: and i know that this is o wer last a meeting

file: 1650-167613-0054.flac
expected: one picture succeeded another in his imagination
	layer_2: one pikcir slicceti taother ese masination
	layer_4: one pice curse leccite a mother ased magenation
	layer_6: one pickshurslicceted imother ansede magination
	layer_8: one picture ssecceeted amother answer imagination
	layer_10: one picture succeeded another answered imagination
	layer_12: one picture succeeded another answered imagination

file: 1650-167613-0055.flac
expected: on one of them he dwelt long and joyfully
	layer_2: i wone o them the hi dwells long ad he shrfulid
	layer_4: i oe o them  hid dels long and e srfullid
	layer_6: i wone ough them hid drel along and a srfull it
	layer_8: i wone off them he dwel long and a shorfullit
	layer_10: i won of them he dwelt long and a sorefulid
	layer_12: i won of them he dwelt along and a shorfilid

file: 6123-59150-0000.flac
expected: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epileptic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_2: his cart is get joncll gi mard rat jellicy o foll ineplectic fits ao rayve hi stericaly
	layer_4: his caract is get joncill go mad ratgellicy erfall inepolept ic fits alrlrave his sterictly
	layer_6: his characters get drank oll go mad rith jealusy were fallen epoleptic fits all rave his sterically
	layer_8: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy were fall in epolectic fits all rave hysterically
	layer_10: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy wel fall in epoleptic fits ar rave hysterically
	layer_12: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy wer fall in epoleptic fits arl rave hysterically

file: 6123-59150-0001.flac
expected: if dostoevsky had had less vision he would have been strindberg
	layer_2: if tolsir ske had had lesspvision he would hve been strinver
	layer_4: if toar ske had had less vision he would hae been strinver
	layer_6: if dosaske had had less vision he would have been stringerb
	layer_8: if daserski had had less vision he would have been strinberg
	layer_10: if doereski had had less vision he would have been strinberg
	layer_12: if dorsereski had had less vision he would have been strinberg

file: 6123-59150-0002.flac
expected: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_2: lac theim h ison oflisto tortie
	layer_4: lack them he is an ov listef twartere
	layer_6: lik them he is in ovelistof torture
	layer_8: like them he is a novalist of torture
	layer_10: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_12: like them he is a novelist of torture

file: 6123-59150-0003.flac
expected: certainly the lust of cruelty the lust of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dostoevsky's men and women
	layer_2: sar im mwit the lasd hof crlty hlost of thi structiin virdistruptan sake is the mis conspcctuous of the deadly seens andostrs kis man ind women
	layer_4: sir han with the last of crulty the lost tor i struction vit istrupction sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sens and dostarsgis manan women
	layer_6: certin with the last of cruelty he loste destruction vitistructions sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins and dostaskismen in women
	layer_8: certain with the last of cruelty the last o destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins ind dosta skis men and women
	layer_10: certainly the lust of cruelty the lost of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dosaskis men and women
	layer_12: certainly the lust of cruelty the last of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dosaoskids men and women

file: 6123-59150-0004.flac
expected: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_2: yhe may not the a cro aser
	layer_4: he may not bhe a cruel aler
	layer_6: he may not be a cruel auto
	layer_8: yhe may not be a cruel author
	layer_10: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_12: he may not be a cruel author

file: 6123-59150-0005.flac
expected: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniacal conflict
	layer_2: but they an ever in bellance they erawasan dinm en ice o contlekts
	layer_4: but they anever in bellence they e always an diman icla quonflics
	layer_6: but they arnever in balance they are always in dimon icale quonflics
	layer_8: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflics
	layer_10: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflicts
	layer_12: but they are never in balance they are always in deminical conflicts

file: 6123-59150-0006.flac
expected: even the lust is never or hardly ever the lust of a more or less sane man
	layer_2: iveen the lost is nevl  hrdle aver the los of e more less sane man
	layer_4: even the last is never o hardlyevor the lost of a more a less san man
	layer_6: even the lost is never or hardlieve the lost of a morar less sain man
	layer_8: even the lost is never or hardly eve the lost of a moror less san man
	layer_10: even the lost is never or hardly ever the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_12: even the lost is never or hardly ever the lost of a more or less sane man

file: 6123-59150-0007.flac
expected: dostoevsky could not have described the sin of nekhludov in resurrection
	layer_2: thusairske could not have tesqurive the sin of nectuidolf in wreerection
	layer_4: dhusa ske could not have the sqribe the sin of neclitolve in redserection
	layer_6: dusteski could not have desqribe the sin of necladolve in resirection
	layer_8: duseski could not have described the sin of nekladov in resurrection
	layer_10: duseski could not have described the sin of nekhludoff in resurrection
	layer_12: duseeski could not have described the sin of nekhledoff in resurrection

file: 6123-59150-0008.flac
expected: this is a madhouse cries some one in the idiot
	layer_2: thisis a mad heus crisoe on intheatis
	layer_4: this is a mad house crisesom mone intheitius
	layer_6: this is a madhouse cried some one indeidis
	layer_8: this is a madhouse crie some one in theitias
	layer_10: this is a madhouse cris someone in theitias
	layer_12: this is a madhouse cries some one in theitias

file: 6123-59150-0009.flac
expected: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_2: whon resolted thise is anmor ta plitcity a t action
	layer_4: whon resoltof this is a moret a pliscity oftaction
	layer_6: on result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_8: one result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_10: one result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_12: one result of this is a mortiplicity of action

file: 6123-59150-0010.flac
expected: even the talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_2: iven the t is ol vactionncs mar an a vy des
	layer_4: iven e tak is olvactioncs mor than  vy deas
	layer_6: even a talk is ol actions more than ovideas
	layer_8: even ta talk is of actions more than o ideas
	layer_10: even to talk is of actions more than ofl ideas
	layer_12: even to talk is of actions more than ol ideas

file: 6123-59150-0011.flac
expected: he sows violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_2: he sois villen dedes not with the hand but with the suk
	layer_4: he so his wilent deds not with thet hand but with the sack
	layer_6: he so hs violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_8: he saw s violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_10: he saw is violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_12: he saw is violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack

file: 6123-59150-0012.flac
expected: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_2: but one had notesteuring this las to days that the oehr was wari the silvle watch aony yalled bha chain whech e simns not to hadb see n on him befo
	layer_4: but one had notesturing this las to days that the oter was waring a silvr watch oun e yellow bed chan which hes seems not to have seen on hum befor
	layer_6: but one had noticeduing this last two days that the other was waring a silvel watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on hum before
	layer_8: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_10: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_12: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before

file: 6123-59150-0013.flac
expected: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_2: he tookanirufh and when his frendted tend away he apprsed him corsiously from behind tookaime taned is is heavends crost insilt and praing fervently gode forgivenmy foa cras sake
	layer_4: he took a nife and when his friend ta ternd away he apperded him causiously from behind took ame turned his e es heaven wrds crost himself and praying frvently god forgivene forcrasst sake
	layer_6: he took a knife and when his friend had ternd away he approched him qautiously from behind took am turned his eyeas heavenwoords crossed himself and praying frvrently god forgive me for crist sake
	layer_8: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for chris' sake
	layer_10: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_12: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake

file: 6123-59150-0014.flac
expected: he never paints everyman he always projects dostoevsky or a nightmare of dostoevsky
	layer_2: he never paines everyman he aays progexstostrvsk or a not mar tdos t have sky
	layer_4: he never pains every man he aways projexts dost toare sky or a not mari dost to heavesky
	layer_6: he never paints every man he always projectsd dos toav ski or a nigt marr iofe dostoheavbeski
	layer_8: he never paints every man he always projects dostevsky or a nightmar of dostahevskiy
	layer_10: he never paints every man he always projects dosteevski or a nightmare of dostaevski
	layer_12: he never paints every man he always projects dosteyevski or a nightmare of dostayevski

file: 6123-59150-0015.flac
expected: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenina or fathers and sons
	layer_2: that is wi crimin pontiment thelongsto ar lowerraingef fiction than enc rrenenew o fathers nsunds
	layer_4: that is wye crimin punishment bhelong to a lower range offiction then enicorenina o father's and sons
	layer_6: that is wiye crim an punishment belongs to a lower range affiction than enicarenino or fathers and sons
	layer_8: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than enicerenina or fathers and sons
	layer_10: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than enicarenina or fathers and sons
	layer_12: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than enicarenina or fathers and sons

file: 6123-59150-0016.flac
expected: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_2: we sim peth irs indderith the fers thr brevador tha aespar that succeed the crime
	layer_4: we simperthis in dad with the fars the brevidow that espar that succeive the crim
	layer_6: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravado that espaire that succeeed the crime
	layer_8: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravato the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_10: we sympathise indeeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_12: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime

file: 6123-59150-0017.flac
expected: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_2: he is a groetesk mad alive by ser e maganithiveen tensity in pation
	layer_4: he is a gretesk madealive by sheremaginitive en tencity in pasion
	layer_6: he is a grotesqu made alive by sher imaginitive intensity an passion
	layer_8: he is a grotesque made alive by shere imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_10: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_12: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion

file: 6123-59150-0018.flac
expected: one does not grudge an artist an abnormal character or two
	layer_2: won does not grardginaute stinave nombl carctor oto
	layer_4: won does not griginartice in eve nor ble carac teralto
	layer_6: one does not gruginartis in avnorbl character oto
	layer_8: one does not grudge anartis in abnorble characterorto
	layer_10: one does not grudge anartists in abnorble character or two
	layer_12: one does not grudgeanartist's in abnorble character or two

file: 6123-59150-0019.flac
expected: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens invents comic grotesques
	layer_2: he einvence vitiousgreters a s dicensd ed vence coit gritests
	layer_4: he envence vicious gretes asdickens idvence comit gritests
	layer_6: he invensivicious greatest as dickons advente commic greatests
	layer_8: he invented vicious gratess as dickens advence comic greatasts
	layer_10: he invents vicious groteses as dickens advence comic gratests
	layer_12: he invents vicious groteses as dickens advence comic gratests

file: 6123-59150-0020.flac
expected: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_2: was very foned of haning cats and berying them with greit serimany
	layer_4: was very fond of haning cats and burying them with greit seremany
	layer_6: was very formned of hanying cats and barying them with great eremany
	layer_8: was very fond of haning cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_10: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_12: was very fond of hanging cats and buring them with great ceremony

file: 6123-59150-0021.flac
expected: as for the karamazovs themselves he portrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_2: as fer the carm is ovestensoves he petrase the old far ther an the odrs of hies son's haty ach other andfiting lke brtl maniaxs
	layer_4: as for the carimisoves en soeves he partrased the oldfather and the oldest of his sons hatin ech other and fighting like brittl maniac
	layer_6: as for the caramasoves them selves he pertrased the old father and the oldest of his son's hahting each other and fighting like brutomaniac
	layer_8: as for the aramesovs themselves he bertrased the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutomaniax
	layer_10: as for the aramazovs themselves he bertraysd the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutomaniacs
	layer_12: as for the karamazovs themselves he betrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutomaniacs

file: 6123-59150-0022.flac
expected: serve him right shouted dmitri breathlessly
	layer_2: serve him rigt shaded tmetud bresslsy
	layer_4: serf him riht shouded to metud breslessly
	layer_6: serve him right shouted t methud breastlessly
	layer_8: serve him right shouted demichu breashlessly
	layer_10: serve him right shouted dmichriu breathlessly
	layer_12: serve him right shouted dmichiu breathlessly

file: 6123-59150-0023.flac
expected: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_2: if r haven't killding ar commagarn an kil hinm
	layer_4: if a havent kilding ar come again and kill him
	layer_6: if i havn't kild ing or come again and kill him
	layer_8: if i haven't kiled hing i'll come again and kill him
	layer_10: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_12: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him

file: 6123-59150-0024.flac
expected: it is easy to see why dostoevsky has become a popular author
	layer_2: i sesi to se whi dostardts ghas be come e pokile orter
	layer_4: it is easy to see why dusttareds ge has become of pokila auther
	layer_6: it is easy to see why dostardski has become a pocular autho
	layer_8: it is easy to see why dustski has become a pocular author
	layer_10: it is easy to see why dustizski has become a popular author
	layer_12: it is easy to see why dustiezski has become a popular author

file: 6123-59150-0025.flac
expected: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_2: no mila ga thitist eveepordout inidan teponthe stage fron such a harne of plenty
	layer_4: no milaga mitist ever pord out inciden toupon th stage from such a harn of plenty
	layer_6: no melagametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_8: no melogeametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_10: no melodametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_12: no melodrametists ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty

file: 6123-59150-0026.flac
expected: dostoevsky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_2: thustarscese alwayes ready to sho sthamollinant onps
	layer_4: dostarskese always ready to show sthe mal inat once
	layer_6: dostaiskies always ready to show them all lin at once
	layer_8: dasteskiis always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_10: dosterski is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_12: dosteosky is always ready to show them all in at once

file: 6123-59150-0027.flac
expected: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general epanchin prince s adelaida ivanovna lizaveta prokofyevna yevgeny pavlovitch radomsky princess byelokonsky aglaia prince myshkin kolya ivolgin ippolit varya ferdyshchenko nastasya filippovna nina alexandrovna ganya ptitsyn and general ivolgin
	layer_2: on two apesit paders of the tis on finds the follow incarct is brortin by name generl e ponchion prince es at alay deer ive novena lisiveter procofe adno ye hve gany p ove lo vith re don sk princesbieal quonsky a glayre prince mishkan coellyur ivolgen ipllat vlr faerdishen nistasi fil apovene neein elat's en jovte gonur tison an general ivogen
	layer_4: on two opporsit pages of the idiat one finds the follow enclarct as broughtin by name general apanion prince es at a layedar ivernovener lisivetter procofiadner he have gany pove loveich redon ski princess belarlaquansky a glay prince mishcan colliur ivolgan iplelid vyr fardis shenkor nestasi pillapoveno neenr elets engovne goniar tison an geneal ive olgen
	layer_6: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the follow enclaracteres brought in by name general aparon prince ess adaladar ivenovna liza vetter prockophiadna ye have genny pev lovitch radonski princes bilelquanski a glear princemishkin coliar ivolgan ippollit vayo fairedi shank nestarcapillapovna ninar elesanjovna gonia titin en general i ogan
	layer_8: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general aparchan prince es adalada ivanovna lizivetta prokofhiedna vgeni pavlovitch redonski princess birelakonski aglaiya prince mihkin calia evolgan ippolit vaya ferdeschenko nastasia pilapovna nina elexzanjovna ganya tistan n general ivogan
	layer_10: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apaiin prince s adilada ivanovna lizzivetta prokofievna yievgeni pavlovitch redonski princess bilelakuonski eglaya prince mishkin calia ivolgan ippolit voya fedishenk nistasia pilipovna nina alexandrovna gana titen n general evolgan
	layer_12: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apatciin prince s adilada ivanovna lizzivetta prokofievna yievgeni pavlovitch redonski princess bilelakuonski eglaya prince mishkin callia ivolgan ippolit voya ferdishenku nistasia pilapovna nina alexandrovna gona tien n general ivolgan

file: 6123-59150-0028.flac
expected: but the secret of dostoevsky's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_2: but the sacorild af dos tarves kis a pel isomtming mor t an the motithued in thral of hi sinsidancs inractes
	layer_4: but the sacred avf dos tarve skise oppele is somtming more than the mostitud and threeal of his insid ance and cractes
	layer_6: but the secret of dostear f skizappeal is something more than the moltitute an threel of his insidente and characters
	layer_8: but the secret of doster skisappeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_10: but the secret of dostirski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_12: but the secret of dostefski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters

file: 6123-59150-0029.flac
expected: mister murry boldly faces the difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_2: miste mar bor ly faces r di fi uaty and etemps tedearfrinistion
	layer_4: mistemarabor lei faces a di fiquaty and ettemps tidefinition
	layer_6: mister marriy body faces e diffiquity and attempt the definition
	layer_8: mister marry bordly faces of difficulty and attempts tha definition
	layer_10: mister marry boarley faces ta difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_12: mister marry bordley faces e difficulty and attempts the definition

file: 6123-59150-0030.flac
expected: to him dostoevsky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_2: to him thostirsk is work is the reckord of a great mind seaking fror way ove la it is morsan a rekolt ofa strugle it is tve strugle it self
	layer_4: to him tdos ersk is worok is the recort of a great min seeking for awa of li it is more than a recot of a struggle it is thestruggle it self
	layer_6: to him dostersk is work is the record of a great mine seeking for a way of lie it is more than a recqod of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_8: to him dosesk is work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is tho struggle itself
	layer_10: to him toseskis work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_12: to him toseskis work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself

file: 6123-59150-0031.flac
expected: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness
	layer_2: and thos voices take sa ensersian unfoigetible fragmens of dilo thet havein spokan by one spirit to another in some ogly man taven sat ing suranding darkness
	layer_4: and those voices take saye in certan unfogetable fraguence of diologe that have een spokend by one spirite to another in some ugly mein taven sart in suraunding darkness
	layer_6: and those voices take sape in certain unforgetable fragments of dialoge that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean taven certain surrounding darkness
	layer_8: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_10: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_12: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness

file: 6123-59150-0032.flac
expected: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_2: olt metely they othe creation snot em a man he desi ed tud be but ovf e spirit wouich sought to kno
	layer_4: altimetely they are ther creation snot am aman whe desied tod be but of a spirit which sougtdto no
	layer_6: ultimately they arether creations not a a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sougt to know
	layer_8: ultimately they are the creations not ofn a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_10: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_12: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know

file: 6123-59150-0033.flac
expected: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_2: becussar posest they an no long o man and wimen
	layer_4: becaus sayra posses they ae now longor man and women
	layer_6: becaus they a possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_8: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_10: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_12: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women

file: 6123-59150-0034.flac
expected: this is all in a measure true
	layer_2: thit is al in a meg ctu
	layer_4: this is al in ameajer t
	layer_6: this is all in a measure true
	layer_8: this is all in a measure true
	layer_10: this is all in a measure true
	layer_12: this is all in a measure true

file: 6123-59150-0035.flac
expected: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dostoevsky's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_2: to say this is not ted enie the spircth ar content of dostrskhis wrk the enguish of the impresensolas at batals wa taut ind e nil n di speir
	layer_4: to say this is not todeni the spirt a content of dosthes chis work the enguish of the imprisen soul as at battols wit dout and donile ind tespare
	layer_6: to say this is not to denye the spirit a content of dostisk his work the anguish of the imprison soul as it battles with doubt and enisle and despare
	layer_8: to say this is not to deny the spirit ar content of dosteisk his work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_10: to say this is not to deny the spirit or content of dostaisk his work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_12: to say this is not to deny the spirit or content of dosteisk his work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair

file: 6123-59150-0036.flac
expected: there is in dostoevsky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than setebos
	layer_2: thera s an dosarsk asuggestion of coleben tring tedisgovr some betted gord thaenseo tabos
	layer_4: their is in dosteyasky a sugestion of calibeen tryingted iscover some bettard god than sotabvoes
	layer_6: there is in duseeski a suggestion of calyban trying to discover some better god than sirtabos
	layer_8: there is in dostyeski a suggestion of caliben trying to discover some better god than sortabos
	layer_10: there is in doseyeski a suggestion of caliben trying to discover some better god than sertebos
	layer_12: there is in doseyeski a suggestion of caliben trying to discover some better god than setebos

file: 6123-59150-0037.flac
expected: the ultimate attitude of dostoevsky is as christian as the apostle peter's lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_2: the olt me atitdod dustrsky is as cristion ess they aposlp peates lohd abelave hopt theow myeumbelyf
	layer_4: the oaltimat aditut of dust are sky is is christion as the apporssal petes low rd i eleave help theyour mihe umbeliefe
	layer_6: the aultimante adtitude of douste ski is as christian is the aposcal peters lord a believe helpd thou migh unbelief
	layer_8: the ultimate attitude of dousteski is as christian as the apocl peters lord i believe help thou mighe unbelief
	layer_10: the ultimate attitude of dosteski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_12: the ultimate attitude of dosteeski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief

file: 6123-59150-0038.flac
expected: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dostoevsky still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_2: and bey ong the dak not ave soffori and disuppeading the nit thustirski so se s tha lit f christhing compassion
	layer_4: and be on the dark niht havf safering and disapating the night thustar ski still seese the lighte of christiin compassion
	layer_6: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dicipating the night duserski still seaz thei light of christing compassion
	layer_8: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night daseski still seized the light of christian compassion
	layer_10: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gaseski still seizs the light of christian compassion
	layer_12: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night graseski still seize the light of christian compassion

file: 6123-59150-0039.flac
expected: or even by the compassion of others like prince myshkin in the idiot
	layer_2: tho iven by the compassion of others lat prince mishcan in the adias
	layer_4: or even by ther compasion of aothers lick princemishcan in the ideets
	layer_6: or eveng by the compassion of others lik prince mishkin in theidians
	layer_8: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idians
	layer_10: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idians
	layer_12: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idians

file: 6123-59150-0040.flac
expected: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_2: his werk luck his face bers the mark of this terble conflet
	layer_4: his work lack his face ters the mark of this terible conflet
	layer_6: his work like his face teres the mark of this terrible conflit
	layer_8: his work like his face teares the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_10: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_12: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict

file: 6123-59150-0041.flac
expected: the novels are the perfect image of the man
	layer_2: the novls o the perfet emeged ste man
	layer_4: the novles of the perfect emigets of man
	layer_6: the novels arf the perfect imagites of man
	layer_8: the novels are the perfect imagites of man
	layer_10: the novels are the perfect imiiates of man
	layer_12: the novels are the perfect imidiates of man

file: 6123-59150-0042.flac
expected: as to the man himself the vicomte de voguee described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_2: ars sr the marn him selfh the vecompte dive rlr gay desquridetim mas he sor hingin the lastaes of his li
	layer_4: as o the man himself the vecomptedivul gay disqribed him ars his saw him in the lastars of his life
	layer_6: as to the man himself the vecomptadivralgey described him as hi saw him in the last ears of his life
	layer_8: as to the man himself the vicomtedevoge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_10: as to the man himself the vicomte de devroge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_12: as to the man himself the vicomte e de vogue described him as he saw him in the last years of his life

file: 6123-59150-0043.flac
expected: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_2: when he begame excited on a sertain point whone couldif swarn that one d saining befo setlrr ad bention apolacect awating chrile or a mong baga bloncee passd thet time beging before the prisen dows
	layer_4: when he be game eccited on a sertain point when could havfe swarn that one had sening before see tod n a bention a policet cort awaiting chrile or a mong baggablnce he pass theit time begging before the prison doors
	layer_6: when he became excited on a certain point on could have swaren that one had seening before seated on abention a police court awaiting trial or among baggerbonc he passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_8: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabons ho passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_10: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among bagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_12: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among bagabons who passed their time begging before the prison doors

file: 6123-59150-0044.flac
expected: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old slavonic saints
	layer_2: at alo the tims whe carry that lo coo sird and gento makness sane on the  miges ofv olds thofvont ec cantes
	layer_4: ad allo ther times whe carryd that look of sard and gentl makness seen on the emages of olds e von ixcints
	layer_6: at al other times whe carried that look of sad and gentle meakness seen on the images of olds to vonic saints
	layer_8: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meakness seen on the images of old stavonic saints
	layer_10: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old savonic saints
	layer_12: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old stavonic saints

file: 6123-59150-0045.flac
expected: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind dostoevsky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_2: thas s eppourtched of the man one sase the hinedusairsekhes nols he portch it one mig lm sevien hirde fron the nobles
	layer_4: thaste seportud of the man one sas the hignd osars cis novls ep portit one mige almo s havin fird from the novles
	layer_6: that s a portude of the man one sees te hind dosaoskis novels a portite one might almost have infered from the novels
	layer_8: that is a portaite of the man one sees behind dasteski's novls a porctrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_10: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind dosteski's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_12: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind dosteski's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels

file: 6123-59150-0046.flac
expected: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_2: it is a fe gi that it oncse fassinaitesend re pes
	layer_4: it is a fiege hat it once fascinagtes andrepels
	layer_6: it is a figer that at once facinates andrepells
	layer_8: it is a figur that iat once fascinates andrepells
	layer_10: it is a figur that it once fascinates andrewpells
	layer_12: it is a figure that it once fascinates endrewpells

file: 6123-59186-0000.flac
expected: he is not by temperament a singer
	layer_2: he s not by tempreme to singar
	layer_4: he is not by tempremen to singa
	layer_6: he is not by temprement to singa
	layer_8: he is not by temperament to singer
	layer_10: he is not by temperament to singer
	layer_12: he is not by temperament to singer

file: 6123-59186-0001.flac
expected: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and storm
	layer_2: his mais ai us e stirsemo oase unideenly mache to gans his consiousness of nidnit am sto
	layer_4: his marsi is a stillsmovf oise unevenly match togains his consiousness of midnitand stol
	layer_6: his mesic is a still smal of voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnit and stoll
	layer_8: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stol
	layer_10: his music is a still small voice unavenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stolm
	layer_12: his music is a still small voice unavenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stolm

file: 6123-59186-0002.flac
expected: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_2: hs to te mis ter hardi s nea thi sufficiontley aticuit nos ufpiciently fa stitious to be ad great poit
	layer_4: truth to telle mister hartye s ne the sufficiently artticulit nor s ufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_6: truth to tell mister hardye is ne the sufficiently articulat nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_8: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_10: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_12: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet

file: 6123-59186-0003.flac
expected: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_2: hit es not express laift isily in butofr werd sr an emiges
	layer_4: he des not expresst lith asirly in beutiful word sor an emages
	layer_6: he does not expressed life easily in beautiful words or an images
	layer_8: he does not express life easily in beautiful words are in images
	layer_10: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_12: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images

file: 6123-59186-0004.flac
expected: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_2: thu s he wrat seon i fand her atter of one who
	layer_4: thus he wrightsn i foand her atther of one who
	layer_6: thus he writes in i found her apt there of one who
	layer_8: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_10: thus he rites in i found her out there of one who
	layer_12: thus he rites in i found her out there of one who

file: 6123-59186-0005.flac
expected: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic exaggeration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_2: the could noan ugly an mwo presa coutd suduration thase comtand in th y geintelas lon
	layer_4: the could not bean ugly and wilre presacould suuration thenm s containd in the emiage in the last lin
	layer_6: thet could not be an ugli and will prosei could saderation then is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_8: there could not be an ugli and mill presiecotdsaduration tha is contained in the image in the last lin
	layer_10: there could not be an uglier and more presaiced saduration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_12: there could not be an uglier and more presaicud saduration than is contained in the image in the last line

file: 6123-59186-0006.flac
expected: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_2: and prrs in turedes in the trse of ward as wellrs in immtes
	layer_4: and prosindruede in the ters of werds as wellears and imiges
	layer_6: and pros in jruedes in the tose of words as well as and images
	layer_8: and prose en dudes in the tose of words as well as in images
	layer_10: and prosin dudes in the troice of words as well as in images
	layer_12: and prosin dudes in the toice of words as well as in images

file: 6123-59186-0007.flac
expected: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_2: takefor xemple the use the werd domasild in the passagein the same polm mathurt
	layer_4: take for example the uscit the word domasild in the pasage in the same po abhat
	layer_6: take for example the use of the word domacild in the passage in the same polm a ut
	layer_8: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage and the same poem about
	layer_10: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage and the same poem about
	layer_12: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage and the same poem about

file: 6123-59186-0008.flac
expected: when we as strangers sought their catering care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_2: when wes strangees sorht ha caterin car teld smiles bespok ther thourht of wat we ler
	layer_4: when weas stranges saugt their cater in car vild smiles bespoke their thougt of what we wer
	layer_6: when we as stranges sougt their cator in care vaild smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_8: when wes strangers sought their kater in care vailed smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_10: when we is strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_12: when we as strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were

file: 6123-59186-0009.flac
expected: catering care is an appalling phrase
	layer_2: catering care is and a polling frais
	layer_4: catering car is in a palling fras
	layer_6: katering care is in a paulling prase
	layer_8: katering kare is in appalling fhraze
	layer_10: kater ing kare is in a palling frase
	layer_12: katering kare is in a palling phrase

file: 6123-59186-0010.flac
expected: is a line of good poetry
	layer_2: is a lin o codpullity
	layer_4: is a line of gopolity
	layer_6: is a line of good polity
	layer_8: is a line of good polety
	layer_10: is a line of good polity
	layer_12: is a line of good polity

file: 6123-59186-0011.flac
expected: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet less for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that high compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope hour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_2: yeo did not come and mutching time jewon ind wale my nownm yet los fe loso u dya presence ther then that a vu sfan lacking inyou mak that hi compassion which coanover er fwe loctance ftoepou loving kiness sake greavedi when is the heor boustroatid som yeu did not com
	layer_4: you did not come and maching time dew on and wal me nowm yet las false of your daa presence thir then that i thus faund lackingyin your make bhat hihe conpassion which cann ova ber re luctance fa pu loving kindness sake greeved y when is the hoboustrod it som you did not come
	layer_6: you did not come and marching time drew on and wal me numb yet los for lost of your dear presence there then that i thus foun lacking in your make bhat highe compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieve ie when is the hopeouastroked it som you did not come
	layer_8: yoe did not come and marching time drew on and war me num yet los for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make bhat higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved ie when as the hopeour stroked its sum yoeu did not come
	layer_10: you did not come and marching time drew on and wor me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hopeo stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_12: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hopeou stroked its sum you did not come

file: 6123-59186-0012.flac
expected: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases like in your make and as the hope hour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_2: there hin s of the gran stil of lirit plithry n ntheis linds but frases luck inoul make end is the hope el stro t it some a discous thet prhat tonblin to the livles of e tory and commentlace
	layer_4: there a hins of the grand sdile of livrit poltry in this lins but frases lck inyoar make end is the hope ola stroked its some a discos that briat tumbling to the liviles of ic toryan commontlace
	layer_6: there are hintcs of the grand style of liric poetry in these lines but phrases luck inyour make and as the hope our stroked its sum a discors that bringnet tumbling to the levels of victorian common place
	layer_8: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrasers luck in your make and as the hope our stroked its sum are discords that bring t tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_10: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrasers luck in your make and as the hope ou stroked its sum are discordse that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_12: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrasers luck in your make and as the hope our stroked its sum are discordse that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace

file: 6123-59186-0013.flac
expected: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_2: he has ae temproment sencitade be oun that of olbot a ferastent rates  to the paing impasion of hem an bens
	layer_4: he has attemperment senscitive beyon thout of olbit a ferisant rightes to the pain impasion of human bens
	layer_6: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of allbut a fuw recant rites to the payn impassion of human beings
	layer_8: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_10: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_12: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings

file: 6123-59186-0014.flac
expected: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late cristina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue and the bust to name a few
	layer_2: on culd remembe pall of to pall of his wit hthe taime that myght asily havb survd foro mistor hrdy two late cresteeno the lost mistrus the last rid together the stetchu in the bust to nayme afu
	layer_4: one can remember pall of te pal of his with e them that migh easily have serveds fr mister hardy two late cristner the lost mistress the last ried together the statuin the bst to name a few
	layer_6: one can remember pam after polm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister harty two late cristina the lost mistress the last ride together the statu an the bust to name a few
	layer_8: one can remember paulm after paulm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bost to name a few
	layer_10: one can remember pam after palm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few
	layer_12: one can remember palm after palm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the stature in the bust to name a few

file: 6123-59186-0015.flac
expected: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_2: but whati sence of chiump theris and broarnin's thagidies
	layer_4: but whatissence of chiump there ies and brownin's triagidies
	layer_6: but what a sense of chiump there is and brownings tragedies
	layer_8: but what a sense of chiump there is in brownings tragedies
	layer_10: but what a sense of triump there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_12: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies

file: 6123-59186-0016.flac
expected: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_2: his weld as ac placof opulence not upuovity
	layer_4: his weld as a placeof opulence not af povity
	layer_6: his welld is a placeovf opulence not ofepovety
	layer_8: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_10: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_12: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty

file: 6123-59186-0017.flac
expected: to have loved even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_2: d have lob doden fran al is with braning to live foreveragtr in han heritencs ofthe mit achvment
	layer_4: to have lobdiden for an alw is with brownning to live for ever agfter in the enheritance of a mighty archevement
	layer_6: to have lobededen for an holr is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_8: to have loved i en for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_10: to have loved even for an hour is worthbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_12: to have loved even for an hour is worthbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement

file: 6123-59186-0018.flac
expected: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_2: t ve lot fran oua is ind mis te hirdis amungeination to have dapen the sadness iven mo thin the bety of once memoeris
	layer_4: to have loged for an hour is in mister hirties a magination to havbe dapend de sadnesse even more than the beuty of one'e memoris
	layer_6: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardi's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memoris
	layer_8: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_10: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_12: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories

file: 6123-59186-0019.flac
expected: for then i undistrest by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_2: for then  oun distrest be hearts gon cold to me could lonty wraits m and theis res witha cuinimety
	layer_4: for then i undistresst by hearts gong cold to me could loanly wrait my n thes rest with her cin imity
	layer_6: for then i undistressed by hearts growing colled to me could leanly waigt my enddes rest with erqcuanimity
	layer_8: for then i undistressed by hearts growin cold to me could leonely weait my endless rest with thercuanimity
	layer_10: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_12: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity

file: 6123-59186-0020.flac
expected: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragile frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_2: but tim to make me greve put stils let's part a bid and shake this fejo fraymat eve wi throbings of nentid
	layer_4: but time to make me greiv part stills lets part a bide and shakes this fajou fram at eve withthrobings of non tid
	layer_6: but time to make me grieve part stills lets part of bide and shakes this frejou fram at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_8: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part a bide and shakes this fragole frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_10: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part abide and shakes this fragoul frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_12: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part abide and shakes this fragoul frame at eve with throbbings of noontide

file: 6123-59186-0021.flac
expected: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen
	layer_2: and disparys by no mans ty ounfance in od is be haps the mosther cheacty eo alr mystoe hir is pons the okon
	layer_4: and dispariys by no mins chry unmfhance in wod is perhaps the most te chractive of all mis tor heard is poms the oxon
	layer_6: and despairis by no means thriumphans in whad is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardt his poms the oxin
	layer_8: and despairis by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardys poems the oxen
	layer_10: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen
	layer_12: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen

file: 6123-59186-0022.flac
expected: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their strawy pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_2: yoe pict uld tha meake mil creeaches wrearehei drelto thistory phn nor dit it a parto one ofusther to dat tho wa nealing then
	layer_4: ou pitced the mak mil creatces wher they dreltin thi s dory pen nor didat apurto one of us ther to doubpt therehwer nealing then
	layer_6: woeu pitchured the meik miled creates where they drellt in theirs dory pen nor did r appar to one of us there to doubt theyeh were neeling then
	layer_8: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it appar to one of us there to doubt theye were kneeling then
	layer_10: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwealt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_12: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwealt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then

file: 6123-59186-0023.flac
expected: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_2: the meder fate hellve orrother of de liht in the memery af fath his no't mis to hod is prvailing mod
	layer_4: the mede fate helver orrather of delight in the memorya faith is not misto had is prevealing mood
	layer_6: the modi fate hoever or rather of delight in the memoryof faith is not mister hard is prevailing mood
	layer_8: the mod ofe faite however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hdt i's prevailing mood
	layer_10: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hidey's prevailing mood
	layer_12: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hidey's prevailing mood

file: 6123-59186-0024.flac
expected: he can enter upon a war without ironical doubts as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_2: he coaln enter epon a wallewie that oran yqwuld duxs thas wes se in the some men he uch h way
	layer_4: he cun enter upon a wal withthout iruniquald dacks as wes see in the so men ho mach haway
	layer_6: he can enter upon a wal withthot aronicood dacks as we se in the somg men who march away
	layer_8: he can enter upon a wall without aronnicel darks as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_10: he can enter upon a wall without ironical duks as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_12: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the song men who march away

file: 6123-59186-0025.flac
expected: how long he cries in a poem written some years ago
	layer_2: hor long he cries in aporm riten soe measagor
	layer_4: how long he crids in a pomg ritten so mans ago
	layer_6: how long he cries in a poln rittan some ease ago
	layer_8: how long he cries in a polm written some years ago
	layer_10: how long he crieds in a palm written some years ago
	layer_12: how long he crieds in a palm written some years ago

file: 6123-59186-0026.flac
expected: when shall the saner softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism grown godlike scorn to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_2: when to the saina softer polits wher of we jram have sway anach proud land and patuad t is in gron godluck scong thestaend bon slaved to roms but secl ert tan seevs
	layer_4: when cho the sainar softev polities where of we dram have swuay on each proud land and patued is in grng godluck scone o stend bon slaved to roams but sercl earththan seahs
	layer_6: whensha the sainer softof polities wherelh we dream have sway in each proud land and patriedis m groing godlack scorne to staned bon slaved to relms but circle earth and seas
	layer_8: when charl the sanor softef polities whereaf we dream have sway in each proud land and patrotism growing godlack scorned to stand bon slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_10: when shall the sano softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlack scorn to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_12: when shall the sano softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlacke scorn to stand bon slave to realms but circle earth and seas

file: 6123-59186-0027.flac
expected: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relatives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_2: but perhaps his carteorestigaterched to wars to be fund not in lins uc nes but in that mellanclle pome the sols ofs the slain in which the sos of the ded solges returnto thei country and question a seeniou soflame wais te har t heir frends inrelites hafd kep theed douty dadsin re memberance
	layer_4: but perhaps his caracterestig atiched to wars to be found not en lines lice les but in that mellencolly pome the souls of the slain in which the sols of the ded solges returneto thir country and question a eeniur soflam was to haw their friends and relites have kept their douty dads in rememberance
	layer_6: but perhaps his characteristic attitudestof wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy pom the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to thir country and question aseniar sol flame as to howr their friends and relaties have kept their doubty deeds in rememberance
	layer_8: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returnd to their country in question asenia sol flame as to how their friends and relities have kept their doubty deeds in remembrance
	layer_10: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a sinior soul flame as to how their friends and relaties have kept their doughtye deeds in remembrance
	layer_12: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relaties have kept their doughtyed deeds in remembrance

file: 6123-59186-0028.flac
expected: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_2: and gen hel hod at her s weet haurts swon ill is dos
	layer_4: and gener hol hod out her sweet harts sworn lil his dos
	layer_6: and general heow hold out eur sweethearts sworn lyl is dulves
	layer_8: and general hel hold out ur sweethearts swoorn loyal as dolves
	layer_10: an general hellhold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as dolves
	layer_12: and general hellhold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as dolves

file: 6123-59186-0029.flac
expected: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_2: some ficlind fleethearts e faundhe new loes
	layer_4: some ficle and flet hearts a found he new loves
	layer_6: some ficle and fleet hearts a found them new loves
	layer_8: some fikle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_10: some fickle in fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_12: some fickle ind fleet hearts have found them new loves

file: 6123-59186-0030.flac
expected: and our wives quoth another resignedly dwell they on our deeds
	layer_2: and i wivs quethin other ris iunedly dll dayon o deege
	layer_4: and i wives quith en other resunedly doll ty on our deedt
	layer_6: and ou wives quith another resinedly dulday on our deed
	layer_8: and our wives quoth another resignedly dul day on our deeds
	layer_10: and our wives quoth another resignedly dul day on our deeds
	layer_12: and our wives quoth another resignedly dulday on our deeds

file: 6123-59186-0031.flac
expected: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_2: usthe hirdy has toe bet heresence ofpreeolity to belad mutcsh in the glory of fall
	layer_4: es tehirdy has too beterasente of reality to beliede much in the glory of walr
	layer_6: is ter hardy has too biter assense of reality to beliee much in the glory of war
	layer_8: misterhary has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of wa
	layer_10: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_12: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war

file: 6123-59186-0032.flac
expected: the real world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_2: the erer well to misteo hardy is the wold of anon hem an theings in which wa has come to by hitiuserelofvence
	layer_4: the rawelld to mister harty is the wald of entient human things in which war has come to be a hiadius erelivence
	layer_6: the rearwell to mister harty is the world of entient human things in which ware has come to be ahideous irelevants
	layer_8: the rearworld to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irelevance
	layer_10: the rearworld to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_12: the rearworld to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance

file: 6123-59186-0033.flac
expected: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's poems about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_2: i maby tourgt an the oer han that mister hard is pons bout wae and nomor expressev of chrudgi re tuity thatn his pongs about love
	layer_4: itmay by thought ond the oter hand that miss tor herd is pons bout walr ad no more expressive of thrigic fetiity that his pons about love
	layer_6: it may be thought on the oter hand that mis ter hirthis polns about wal an no more expressive of tragic futility that his polns about love
	layer_8: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardys pons about wal and no more expressive of tragic futility thant his pons about love
	layer_10: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hydy's poes about war ared no more expressive of tragic futility than his poes about love
	layer_12: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hydy's pomes about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his pomes about love

file: 6123-59186-0034.flac
expected: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both
	layer_2: fetoitean fastration hot ever recary theams ind bot
	layer_4: fhuto wity in fristration a ever recury thems and both
	layer_6: futlity an frestration are ever requeryn themes in both
	layer_8: futility and frustration ar ever requring themes in both
	layer_10: futility and frustration are ever requiring themes in both
	layer_12: futility and frustration are ever requiring themes in both

file: 6123-59186-0035.flac
expected: his lovers like his soldiers rot in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_2: heis lovhos lack his soges wrut in te groyed defated of thei gory
	layer_4: his lovers lack his solges rout in the grayd e feeted of ther gory
	layer_6: his lovers lacke his soldies wrout in the grea defeated of their gory
	layer_8: his lovers like his soldiers wrote in the grey defeated of their glory
	layer_10: his lovers like his soldiers wrote in the gre defeated of their glory
	layer_12: his lovers like his soldiers wrote in the gray defeated of their glory

file: 6123-59186-0036.flac
expected: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_2: le as ar lwayde seve brohin life anten deat
	layer_4: lovas a always severd bothin life and indeth
	layer_6: lovers are always severed bath in life and in death
	layer_8: lovers are always severed bth in life and in death
	layer_10: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_12: lovers are always severed both in life and in death

file: 6123-59186-0037.flac
expected: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_2: in beun dhe las teanp we have the same monfur cri of the severance
	layer_4: in bey on delust thamp we have the same monful crye or the severence
	layer_6: in beon delast thamp we have the same monful cry ovter severance
	layer_8: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mounful cry over severance
	layer_10: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_12: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severence

file: 6123-59186-0038.flac
expected: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal on to yours one robin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_2: no shade ovf piny cuu he tre o tow while ehinjs we forand my mound and bet in theal stl auntys one wroben never hort attwo greein covigos
	layer_4: no shae of piniqcol a tree o towe while earthnjos will forl an my mound and beth in the aa steall unto yors one roben never hoarnt at two green ovateles
	layer_6: no shade of pinnicol o tree or tower while earth an jos will fore an my mound and within the our stall unto yours one robbin never haunt our two green covertues
	layer_8: no shade of pinnicl or tree or tower while earth en jaws will fall on my mound and within the hour stell unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covertiles
	layer_10: no shade of pinnical or tree or tower while earth endaws will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covatuires
	layer_12: no shade of pinnical or tree or tower while earth enjaws will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures

file: 6123-59186-0039.flac
expected: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_2: they brn hes faced te face with a n expirance intencof than ot one
	layer_4: ther bring as face o face with an expirence intenserf than ou own
	layer_6: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_8: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own
	layer_10: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own
	layer_12: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own

file: 6123-59186-0040.flac
expected: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corpse like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullest of dull hued days
	layer_2: nofhing ho tinous werth hove iveroght ponded pland no om thing askin blame al praes siste pail coksu birthth of thisti rnal unete bering blrenk sinal ats rayes dellost of dell he dayes
	layer_4: nogthing of tineous orth have i rougt ponded pland no onme thing askin blam al pras sinceste pale cour sik birth of thistirnal unut bering blanks inale its ras dullist of dullahurd days
	layer_6: nothing of tinies orth have iv wrought uponded pland no one thing asking blamal prais since the pal cougks like birth of thisdi onal unite bearing blanks inall its raiys delist of dullahured days
	layer_8: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered pland no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal corks like birth of this diornal unit bearing blanks in all its rayse dealist of dulihued days
	layer_10: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the perl cork like birth of this diernal unit bearing blanks in all its rayse duallist of dulihued days
	layer_12: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pel corks like birth of this diernal unit bearing blanks in all its rayse duallist of dulihued days

file: 4153-186223-0000.flac
expected: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_2: in one coner of t litlroom canith forbes squatred upone abpenge bith an emtey pin boks hasd carlisly in his lap
	layer_4: in one coner of the littl room can ith forbs squated upone apench with an empty pinboxs has carlesly in his lap
	layer_6: in on conder of the little room ceneth fobs squatted upon a pench with a empty pine box has carelessly in his lap
	layer_8: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobs squatted upon a pench with an empty pine box hasd carelessly in his lap
	layer_10: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobs squatted upon a pench with an empty pine box had carelessly in his lap
	layer_12: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a pench with an empty pine box had carelessly in his lap

file: 4153-186223-0001.flac
expected: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pencil but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_2: why dunkan wooked the boiy was busy with his penced but ni ther had spokon for aties o harf ar
	layer_4: whi dunkin woroked the boy was busy with his penswes but neither had spoken for atlesed a half ar
	layer_6: whil dunkin woked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for it leased a half ar
	layer_8: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at leased a half hour
	layer_10: while duncain worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_12: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour

file: 4153-186223-0002.flac
expected: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_2: then driding sloliy up the hed e boado drod his tru bhors once mornt asall him and he oneerd of thert was not somet pwat uon the brord at to which he cold li fo ratibed an trr the gors had left an must fo cood
	layer_4: then riding sloly up the head t bod owr rad his trubers once more a sale him and he onder of there was not somes pat upone the brougd ur to which he could fli or atimwent untl the gords had left almust fo good
	layer_6: then riding sloly up the headg boder road his troubls once more assaile him and he wondered if there was not some s part upon the broad ert to which he could fly for atirent until the girls had left elmist for good
	layer_8: then riding slowly up the hedge bordard road his troubles once more assail him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tiemant until the girls had left elmurst for good
	layer_10: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for atirment until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_12: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for atirment until the girls had left elmhurst for good

file: 4153-186223-0003.flac
expected: nora shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him
	layer_2: norra shid and he lo thapteo discover that he had menly une dhoun uf pe destien astoutlet o mane wit tha bone d lunder his om who heal d up one hand as if te wad lest him
	layer_4: no a shide and he looked upto discover lhat he had mely undown af pidestian astoutlettl man with a bondleunder his om who held up onehand as ifte wartes him
	layer_6: nor a shide and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down o pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to waresst him
	layer_8: nora shyd and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to worressd him
	layer_10: norah shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to orrest him
	layer_12: norah shiyed and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to orresst him

file: 4153-186223-0004.flac
expected: where do you want to go asked the boy
	layer_2: bed you wantocha ase the bon
	layer_4: ved you wont to cal asked the boy
	layer_6: verd y want to call asked the boy
	layer_8: whetdo you want to call asked the boy
	layer_10: where do you want to call asked the boy
	layer_12: where do you want to call asked the boy

file: 4153-186223-0005.flac
expected: then it's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_2: thet is the same gain has erv ar he les ponded wrte tha shake f has grusitled heag
	layer_4: thet is the same jan his ever he lesponded white t he shake of his grisiledhead
	layer_6: that is the same jane is ever he responded with the shake of his griseled head
	layer_8: that is the same jane as ever he responded with ha shake of his grizzzled head
	layer_10: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_12: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head

file: 4153-186223-0006.flac
expected: do you know i sort o hoped she'd reformed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_2: dhe anow i saont a horp she teform and i' begtela as e her oagaim theyt dorme sh's got mony
	layer_4: dhe u know i sont a horp ship toformed and i bea g la ase her again the t al me shes gov money
	layer_6: do you know i sawn a hop shep teformed and i'd bigglad as e her again thetel me she's gove money
	layer_8: do you know i swn a hopeshep preformed and i'd biglad ose her again they tel me she's got money
	layer_10: do you know i son a hope she' performed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_12: do you know i so a hope shee' performed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money

file: 4153-186223-0007.flac
expected: aunt jane's rich aunt jane
	layer_2: antins rich ante
	layer_4: untans rich anti
	layer_6: auntens wrich auntane
	layer_8: antan's rich antin
	layer_10: unjanes rich antan
	layer_12: untans rich antan

file: 4153-186223-0008.flac
expected: echoed the man quickly what's your name lad
	layer_2: ore he mon quily what ua nam lat
	layer_4: acore the man crickly what you name la
	layer_6: ecore the man creeckly whut you nam lad
	layer_8: eqoed the man cuikly wut your name lad
	layer_10: equoed the man quikly put your name lad
	layer_12: equoed the man quickly put your name lad

file: 4153-186223-0009.flac
expected: don't like girls i take it
	layer_2: don' my gose i tke
	layer_4: don' my gors i dikit
	layer_6: don't my gurs i dickit
	layer_8: don't my girs i dick it
	layer_10: don't my gils i tacke it
	layer_12: don't my gils i take it

file: 4153-186223-0010.flac
expected: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_2: anather lonwas then the boy sudnlyturnd ques now
	layer_4: another lon as then the boy suddenly torned queshno
	layer_6: another long puse then the boy suddenly turned questono
	layer_8: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questina
	layer_10: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_12: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner

file: 4153-186223-0011.flac
expected: you know aunt miss merrick sir
	layer_2: yould no on but mis maric er
	layer_4: you know on ut mismaric so
	layer_6: you know un  missmaic sir
	layer_8: you know un miss maick sir
	layer_10: you know i missmaic sir
	layer_12: you know in missmatic sir

file: 4153-186223-0012.flac
expected: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_2: a yousto when me brbort youn ter
	layer_4: i u sto whend me bevoath younger
	layer_6: i u sto when wme bevboth younger
	layer_8: a usto when we were both younger
	layer_10: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_12: i used to when we were both younger

file: 4153-186223-0013.flac
expected: kenneth stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with a whimsical smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_2: ganit stopsht and the mastoped and lh licten mane weith e waime se goots myl ad the boyse as donisthment asestot
	layer_4: gain it stopp shot and the mar s topped and he litten maun with t a wame a gootsmileat the boys astonishment alser stoped
	layer_6: gannit stopped shot and the ma stopped and the little mant with the whams a good smile at the boys astonishment allsestopped
	layer_8: kannet stopped shot and the ma stopped and the little man with a wimes a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_10: kannet stopped short and the mayr stopped and the little man with a whem' a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_12: kannet stopped short and the mayr stopped and the little man with a whem 'sh a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped

file: 4153-186223-0014.flac
expected: john merrick that's me
	layer_2: jon meik that me
	layer_4: jon meic that me
	layer_6: john meic that me
	layer_8: john medic that me
	layer_10: john medick that me
	layer_12: john medick that me

file: 4153-186223-0015.flac
expected: you were the tinsmith
	layer_2: you was a dens met
	layer_4: you was a dins met
	layer_6: you was a tinsmet
	layer_8: you was a tensmat
	layer_10: you was a tensmat
	layer_12: you was a tensmet

file: 4153-186223-0016.flac
expected: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merrick
	layer_2: thickep crark a herebgoos she sudeny becimrich and a grart yaty and thadd wash as af rising thing tor hap of two meick
	layer_4: the kap rack of her ecous she suddeny became rich and a gratlady and thut wash aso rising thing to hap ith to o meaic
	layer_6: they kept track of her because she suddeny became rich and a great lady and that was a surprizing thing to hapen to a meic
	layer_8: they kept rack of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a meic
	layer_10: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a melrlik
	layer_12: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merik

file: 4153-186223-0017.flac
expected: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_2: thank cyur lad r on the mant grartforly i toughtalit lexesics would dome god but bis re myls has seem lek tharty to me
	layer_4: thank our lad et on the man cratfully i tought a littlexie would o me god but tist hree mye has seeme like tarty to me
	layer_6: thank you lad retorn the man cratfully i thought a little excise would do me good but this three mils has seeme like thirty to me
	layer_8: thank you lad retturned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemedlike thirty to me
	layer_10: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_12: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me

file: 4153-186223-0018.flac
expected: i will said the man
	layer_2: i wilt said the mon
	layer_4: i will said the mant
	layer_6: i will said the man
	layer_8: i will said the man
	layer_10: i will said the man
	layer_12: i will said the man

file: 4153-186223-0019.flac
expected: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_2: the boy t n dhea wea but in a moment hileto egain
	layer_4: the boyto ned e war but ina moment hleto t again
	layer_6: the boy thund awar but in a moment halto again
	layer_8: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_10: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_12: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again

file: 4153-186223-0020.flac
expected: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_2: his interesstin this gins brother jeon was excrordnoty
	layer_4: his interesetin mis geans brother jon was excrodinary
	layer_6: his interestin miss jne's brother john was excrodinary
	layer_8: his interestend miss jane's brother john was excraordinarly
	layer_10: his interestin miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_12: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary

file: 4153-186222-0000.flac
expected: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child
	layer_2: bles litet denged in this qwart rlemr so ie me as wold be flent fwith the poa chied
	layer_4: pteas littl dengel in this quartlempture so i me as wuld be flendt fwith the pr chied
	layer_6: prhes little dangue in this quarter empsiure so i me as wiut be flrend with the poor childed
	layer_8: prheas little danger in this quarter lamp shure so i me as wel ut be friend with the por childd
	layer_10: prere's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friend with the poor child
	layer_12: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friend with the poor child

file: 4153-186222-0001.flac
expected: ah why not
	layer_2: wrino
	layer_4: a wi no
	layer_6: ah why kno
	layer_8: ah why not
	layer_10: ah why not
	layer_12: ah why not

file: 4153-186222-0002.flac
expected: beth hesitated
	layer_2: my t esitaited
	layer_4: mathesi ated
	layer_6: met hesidated
	layer_8: mat hesitated
	layer_10: mat hesitated
	layer_12: mat hesitated

file: 4153-186222-0003.flac
expected: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_2: the letor askt e me to visiatter was the firset i have everaseip d rrom mer
	layer_4: the leter as hen me to visithor was the firset i have ever aceeed reher
	layer_6: the letter askig me t visit her was the first i have ever receiped from her
	layer_8: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_10: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_12: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her

file: 4153-186222-0004.flac
expected: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_2: but san sheask me to vis it her we jud she ha s offd and mite wish o beconfendty and toacceptr the inidation
	layer_4: but since he askd me to visit her we jud she hads offtnd and might wish t becomfendy and ta accepte the inidation
	layer_6: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to becomefendy and to iaccepted the invidation
	layer_8: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become fendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_10: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_12: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation

file: 4153-186222-0005.flac
expected: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_2: swh lhey doo gise wald havele bete tiam in thisor ne ad plecs than one coud havee loan
	layer_4: shrely too gis will havel bette im in tis loly or plesce then one could havealone
	layer_6: surely togis will have a better im in this lonel olrl place than one could have a lon
	layer_8: sarely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_10: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_12: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone

file: 4153-186222-0006.flac
expected: oh yes she has corrected louise
	layer_2: ar yet she has gll e to lemes
	layer_4: o yes she has coulac t tees
	layer_6: oh yes she has corlected lemis
	layer_8: oh yes she has collected louis
	layer_10: oh yes she has collected louise
	layer_12: oh yes she has collected louis

file: 4153-186222-0007.flac
expected: you mean patricia doyle yes
	layer_2: you mein putt r shua door yes
	layer_4: you mein purisha dooyl yes
	layer_6: you mean patricia doil yes
	layer_8: you mean partritia dol yes
	layer_10: you mean patritia doile yes
	layer_12: you mean patricia doile yes

file: 4153-186222-0008.flac
expected: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth calmly
	layer_2: then me ma contlrd she left out of the arlingeent said bet  com
	layer_4: then we ma onclood she left out of the aringement said beth come
	layer_6: then we may conclord she left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_8: then we may conclode she left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_10: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_12: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come

file: 4153-186222-0009.flac
expected: you'll fight for your chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_2: you wal fi foe r on chance and sfit mygh ty ha
	layer_4: you wal fied frear own chance and fit mighty heart
	layer_6: you wl fit freyour own chancs and fiet mighty hart
	layer_8: you ill fight for your own chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_10: you ill fight for your own chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_12: you ill fight for your own chance and fight mighty hard

file: 4153-186222-0010.flac
expected: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jane's money
	layer_2: wy mag dea cuson i dol fant unch ives moneyn
	layer_4: why mig dear cosen i do' fant unch ifes money
	layer_6: why my dear cousin i don't fant aunchiiv's money
	layer_8: why my dear cousin i don't  want aun chif's money
	layer_10: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chiv's money
	layer_12: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chif's money

file: 4153-186222-0011.flac
expected: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find rest from my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_2: my mater any ut ampleproidefor and iame ol ny he ar tfian ress fro mysal faltukes and tecgi acquainted with my thead faither sistep tat is o
	layer_4: my mater ani ut ampleplovided for and im olnly he ar to fin ress for my sow shlltuties and thicgilt a quainted with my thed father sistep that is oll
	layer_6: my mother and i are ampleprovided for and i am only heare to find ressp for my social duties and tickitl acquainted with my dead father sister that is al
	layer_8: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and toket acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_10: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties an tiget acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_12: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and tiget acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all

file: 4153-186222-0012.flac
expected: my father teaches music and mother scolds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_2: my fars the teat is neusi and mothers hos im continuily fe not being ahberedo un in oug money to kep oat of det
	layer_4: my fa that teatc is music and mothers hoaus im continually fornot being able to on inough money to keep out of deat
	layer_6: my father teach es music and mother's hoseim continually for not being able to an enough money to keep out of theat
	layer_8: my father teachs music and mother's hosum continually for not being able to arn enough money to keep out of dheat
	layer_10: my father teaches music and mother's hosim continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of det
	layer_12: my father teaches music and mother's hosim continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of det

file: 4153-186222-0013.flac
expected: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_2: we've noasenos sent of hor mony orthoug fae ther hasttrid et di msto bwor winough tor harppe aght of his tifigollties
	layer_4: we've noveas e nos sent u or money ol though fathe has ridet tiams to bor winough to hap pin miuht of his tifficilties
	layer_6: we've nevers e no sent of her money although father hast rihtad times to bor wenough to happinm ut of his dificalties
	layer_8: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has rid ed times to bor w enough to help him ut of his difficulties
	layer_10: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_12: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has trid at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties

file: 4153-186222-0014.flac
expected: i even kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_2: i oua'd kisd heven se as me to and he seit a shever ald how my back
	layer_4: i yould kise hervand she as me to and hitset a shever lld ow my bak
	layer_6: ar you'ld kissed her when she askedme to and it sent a shevwer all thow my back
	layer_8: are youd kisse her when she asked me to and it saind a she wer all town my back
	layer_10: ar you'd kissed her when she asked me to and it sed as she were all down my back
	layer_12: are youd kissed her when she asked me too and it said a she were all down my back

file: 4153-186222-0015.flac
expected: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fuss around invalids and assist them
	layer_2: for myv bat i am fornd af every one and id teelights me tefast on in wiledds and hesis them
	layer_4: for my put i am fornd of every on and i dhilights me to fasiroun inwillads and a sis them
	layer_6: for my pat i am found of every one andet delights me to faceroun in villags and assis them
	layer_8: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fasteround in villags and assist them
	layer_10: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fast around in village and assist them
	layer_12: for my part i am fond of every one and it delights me to fast around in village and assist them

file: 4153-186222-0016.flac
expected: you say you like to care for invalids and i don't
	layer_2: you see your like to caflrin wilits and idont
	layer_4: you sea you like to carefur in willits and i d ownt
	layer_6: you say you like to carefor in willeds and i don't
	layer_8: you sa you like to care fur in willads and i don't
	layer_10: you say you'd like to care for in willads and i don't
	layer_12: you say you'd like to care for in willids and i don't

file: 4153-186222-0017.flac
expected: you're trying to make me think you don't want elmhurst when you're as anxious to get it as i am
	layer_2: youd cimedo make met thing tyoo dornt an an hers buen you is in you s to getit as ia
	layer_4: you climed to make meat think you dont one alhers bun you as iam sous toget it as iar
	layer_6: you' cimed to make mee think you don't one elhurs buen you as i am ous to get it as i are
	layer_8: your trined to make mee think you don't want elhes buet you' as i'm use to get it as i ame
	layer_10: you're trying to make me think you don't want elhers but you're as i'm used to get it as i am
	layer_12: you're trying to make me think you don't want elhers but you're as i'm usd to get it as i am

file: 4153-186222-0018.flac
expected: they call me beth sullenly
	layer_2: they il me bet salendy
	layer_4: they fill me bet salenly
	layer_6: they foll me bet sulenly
	layer_8: they fould me bett sullenly
	layer_10: they found me bet sullenly
	layer_12: they found me bet sullenly

file: 4153-186222-0019.flac
expected: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the world you know
	layer_2: i couon elavein this out of the wa conor of the wagunal
	layer_4: i con't ilaven this out of the waconer of the walgone
	layer_6: i coln't lev in this out of the waycornoer of the walsuno
	layer_8: i couldn't live in this out of the warcorner of the walguno
	layer_10: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the wal u no
	layer_12: i couldn't live in this out of the waycorner of the wal u no

file: 4153-186222-0020.flac
expected: but suppose she leaves it to you persisted beth
	layer_2: but's a pore she hets adol fesistin fet
	layer_4: but s a poue shen neies a deou far sistan fet
	layer_6: but seppau she nds at tl fr a sistentc fet
	layer_8: but suppause she needs a da or assistant bet
	layer_10: but suppause she needs a dea for ssistance fet
	layer_12: but suppause she needs a dea for assistance bet

file: 4153-186222-0021.flac
expected: louise seemed to meditate
	layer_2: luwe seems to metes det
	layer_4: lue seemed to metedet
	layer_6: loui seem to mehers det
	layer_8: louise seemed to medee det
	layer_10: louis seemed to meditate
	layer_12: louis seemed to meditate

file: 4153-186222-0022.flac
expected: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_2: it te migdniffiscent astat said bet looking athlo cisin totfurlly
	layer_4: it  maghe nifisent a stat said beth looking at hero kasn toutfully
	layer_6: it' to magnificent i state said beth looking at her cousin toutfully
	layer_8: it's ta magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin toubtfully
	layer_10: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_12: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully

file: 4153-186222-0023.flac
expected: now shall we be friends she asked lightly
	layer_2: now shauld re be frent soe ased latly
	layer_4: now shaul wbe be frent she askt lihtly
	layer_6: now shall be be frend she asked lightly
	layer_8: now shall be be friend she asked lightly
	layer_10: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_12: now shall we be friend she asked lightly

file: 4153-186222-0024.flac
expected: to be sure i should want you to my dear
	layer_2: tor be shur i shald wante itto midtiar
	layer_4: to be shr i shald wante lito mydea
	layer_6: to be shir i shuld want little my dear
	layer_8: to be sure i shuld want little my dear
	layer_10: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_12: to be sure i should want little my dear

file: 4153-186222-0025.flac
expected: such a girl friend it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_2: sucha gorle ten it had never bein herp pro lige to have terfolr and wren usaspitionse wa a garten she begaain faerly has ponceo and brighte in on difly
	layer_4: such a gord then it had never beein herpro lige to have before and wen hers a spicions were o gaten she begame farly les ponsi and brightined onderfuly
	layer_6: such a grl then it had never been herprovivliged to have before and when hersuspicions were forgotten she became fairly lesponsive and brighteened wonderfully
	layer_8: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to har before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_10: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to hearv before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_12: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to harve before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully

file: 4153-186222-0026.flac
expected: silas she said when he entered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_2: silis she said renynte what youe think o my nieces
	layer_4: siliss she said reniente  what heoue think of mineases
	layer_6: siless she said renientered what you think of my neses
	layer_8: silus she said renientered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_10: silas she said reniantered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_12: silas she said reniantered what do you think of my nieces

file: 4153-186222-0027.flac
expected: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_2: the at vay charming gardes he ansert at they oatrtn age wren fuw gase shorto goold efanpage
	layer_4: the ovarya charming gos he anse oto the oetin age when few gaus shor to cood epunpage
	layer_6: they are very charming girs he answered arthough the atertin age when few gaus show to coold efuntage
	layer_8: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at in age when few girs showe to good a vantage
	layer_10: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_12: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage

file: 4153-186222-0028.flac
expected: why did you not invite kenneth to dinner jane the boy
	layer_2: whiysis o not in wit canis to de nongin the bory
	layer_4: wy sis you not inwihe canes to ten ongiin the boy
	layer_6: why tis you not invite cannis to dinorngin the boy
	layer_8: why does you not invite kennis to denartan the boy
	layer_10: why does you not invite kennith to dinor gan the boy
	layer_12: why doed you not invite kennith to dinorgan the boy

file: 4153-186222-0029.flac
expected: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_2: he is constoflhe saing hesagreblr things
	layer_4: he is const ty saying te sagreeble things
	layer_6: he is constibly saying disagreeable things
	layer_8: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_10: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_12: he is constantly saying disagreeable things

file: 4153-186222-0030.flac
expected: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_2: bary wea said the loyl quily bhichoa my esls dyou profer
	layer_4: varywel said the laoya quiely bith ouf my ness d ou profer
	layer_6: very well said the lowya quietly bith of my neses deu profer
	layer_8: very well said the lowyeor quietly bic of my nieces dou prefer
	layer_10: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_12: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer

file: 4153-186222-0031.flac
expected: asked the old lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_2: af teu wrlady of tropas i cannot see an sor shat and a quintes yancerd wieth cravit which t ouprefirgin
	layer_4: ask te wle ladis aftropoas i cannot sa on sor shot an a quenteds yancerd with cravity which to ou prefergan
	layer_6: ask tyu or ladies aftero pse i cannot say on so shot an acquainteds he answered with cravety which th you prefergaine
	layer_8: ask your ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintans he answered with cravity which do you prefer gane
	layer_10: ask your ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_12: ask your ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane

file: 4153-186222-0032.flac
expected: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_2: the at eatuly ansattespacty theaner
	layer_4: the a eauily ansattespacty she anser
	layer_6: they ar equally und satispactly she answer
	layer_8: they are equally unsatisfactoly she answered
	layer_10: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_12: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered

file: 4153-186222-0033.flac
expected: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas
	layer_2: i cannot i magion an mus thelong ise to eithersiders
	layer_4: i cannot i magin and hust bhelongis to ethersiles
	layer_6: i cannot imagine lhers belong ins to either silderce
	layer_8: i cannot imagine elmhurs belonging to either silece
	layer_10: i cannot imagine elmhers belonging to either silis
	layer_12: i cannot imagine elmhers belonging to either silis

file: 4153-186222-0034.flac
expected: i must see that other niece the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_2: i my see that othenies the wonewhol dhe fis ne andte fhe as is tow oncs ad my sikc an tetor
	layer_4: i musee that othanese the vone who defis my and ter fe was is to oncs on my secon lettor
	layer_6: i mus see that othernies the one who defise me and refuses to ancs of my second leter
	layer_8: i must see that otherniys the one who defis me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_10: i must see that otherniys the one who defis me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_12: i must see that othernis the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter

file: 4153-186222-0035.flac
expected: there would be a dozen heirs to fight for my money and dear old elmhurst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_2: therewould be had dosanars te fihte fo my mony anddere al an hurs wiulh he sw de straingors sheusiold thuth bitemess
	layer_4: there wiuld be a dozan ars te fighte for my money and dear al l enhurs wiuld be sald destrangers sheusumd tet pittirness
	layer_6: there would be a dozen airs te fight for my money and dear all enlhuse would be sa distrangers she resumed with pitterness
	layer_8: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear oll elhuse would be sol o strangers she resumed with pitterness
	layer_10: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and der olelmhurst would be so to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_12: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear ol lmhurst would be sor to strangers she resumed with bitterness

file: 4153-61735-0000.flac
expected: they are but lukewarm lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bowshot distance
	layer_2: the ar but lone lovers whookancontenthemses woith the dillg cary d on and borshorc distecs
	layer_4: the ar but luoke ome lovers whoo kin contenthemselves with the dilog caried on ad boshot distance
	layer_6: they are but luk am lovers who can content themselves with a dylog carried on at boshort distance
	layer_8: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with te dialoge carried on at boshort distance
	layer_10: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with e dialogue carried on at bushort distance
	layer_12: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with he dialogue carried on at bushort distance

file: 4153-61735-0001.flac
expected: if there be an elysium on earth it is this
	layer_2: ifter beanalis u mon ot it is this
	layer_4: if ther be anelics u moneat it is this
	layer_6: if there be an elosu manat it is this
	layer_8: if there be an elysu monat it is this
	layer_10: if there be an elysumonat it is this
	layer_12: if there be an elesumonat it is this

file: 4153-61735-0002.flac
expected: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_2: hit aorndaortter his only door do of the besd blat of suthem avistocrecy beu udtafl acomplished every thinck tho sicur him us plenderd alns whorlling nig le assination with a horse honto
	layer_4: his own daughtter his onlidoter of the best bload of southen aristercrecy beaut to fl acomplished everythink to secyur him was plendeed alins holling nightly assination with a hose hunto
	layer_6: his own daughtter his only daurter of the best blod of sothern arristocricy beautiful accomplished everythink to secure him as plended ha lians holling nightly assination with a horse hunter
	layer_8: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him as plendird alliance holing nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_10: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding knightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_12: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter

file: 4153-61735-0003.flac
expected: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern counsel
	layer_2: he could velkonc hed so machedto horocaprese since hersting at ham could be notis ad vantage or the cas that had trompd him to the ste rne counse
	layer_4: he could welkonsed so mach to her ka priece since her staing at horm could bee no tisadvantage to the cose that had prompetd him to the sterand counsle
	layer_6: he could wellcon seed so much to her capriece since her staying at hom could be no disadvantaged to the couse that had prompted him to the sterne councel
	layer_8: he could well concet so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the couse that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_10: he could well conced so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the couse that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_12: he could well conced so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the couse that had prompted him to the stern council

file: 4153-61735-0004.flac
expected: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_2: it is ol vedy nome thet this roard pasd the hasseyandr of cas i deal caowol at some tistancs from the house and on the opersud sie of ti eever
	layer_4: it is all vedy non that this road pas the haseyendar of gausa del caolwa at sone distance from the house and on the opposit side of the river
	layer_6: it is all vedy known that this road past the hassiender of casa del clwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_8: it is already known that this road pased the hassiende of casadelcoro at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_10: it is already known that this road passed the hascienda of casa del corwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_12: it is already known that this road passed the hascienda of casa del corwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river

file: 4153-61735-0005.flac
expected: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bough then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_2: on reaching the courps he esmantet let his haurse in amang thoug underwoord hiched him by lho bink his brieldren a anther to mors twiks of in ilasting bore thende datching a long rop of twisted hor s her from the forn of his sadl and insirting his am andowit's co he laided ourt to the ee of the ilingd on that sid that letors the hasyendu
	layer_4: on reaching the cops he desmaunted let his horse in a mong thou underwood hiched him by lupink his bridledrain araun ther top mors twiks of in elasting bo then ettuching a lon rop of twisted hors heir from the horn of his sadl and incerting his arm andow its coi he lided out to the ech of the ilind on that sid that le towas the husyendar
	layer_6: on reaching the cops he dispounted let his horse in among though underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rain arounther topmostwigs of an elasting bo then detuching a long rop of twisted horsehar from the forn of his suddle and incerting his arm and o its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hussiyendar
	layer_8: on reaching the copse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rain around the topmost twigs of an elasting bo then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the iseland on that side that lay towards the hassyendar
	layer_10: on reaching the copse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridl rin around the topmost twigs of an elasticg bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hassyenda
	layer_12: on reaching the copse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridl rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hussyenda

file: 4153-61735-0006.flac
expected: before forsaking the shadow of the copse he cast a glance towards the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_2: the forfarseaking the shid a of the corps he cas a glance towr this gyi and met the mone sarling uprem ly overlit
	layer_4: theforfoctheaking the shirdow of the corps he cast aglance to war this ky and methe mon salling supremely overlit
	layer_6: bheefore far a king the shadow of the corpse he castd aglance toward thi s ky and mat the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_8: beforefore taking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the ky and mathe moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_10: before forestaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and mat the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_12: before forsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and mat the moon sailing supremely over it

file: 4153-61735-0007.flac
expected: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inebriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_2: the drowconceet whichars saor ofd ao neuse the nockdonel inebriat of crt sitese appot o predus a like afac upone the night ba roler of the prary and ford a morment the shaido leat dakening his brow disupperd
	layer_4: the drowl conceat which ar sow oft amuse the nockdonal inebriet of cat itesh appial to preduse a like afact upon the night pa troler of the prary and for o morment the shado leat tarckening hish broaw disapiurd
	layer_6: the drol conceit which ha so oft amuse the nockdornal inabriat of great cities appeared to produce a like afect upon the night patroler of the prarie and foro moment the shadow lat darkening his broaw disappeared
	layer_8: the drowl conceit which had so oftamused the nocturnal inapriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow lat darkening his broa disappeared
	layer_10: the drowl conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his broaw disappeared
	layer_12: the drowl conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like effect upon the night patroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared

file: 4153-61735-0008.flac
expected: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_2: tit notlaicly at this ar un thlessed be the onir of a bake contianto cansle
	layer_4: it not liely at thisar anlessit be the orner of a bag contion to consleep
	layer_6: its not likely at this are unless hit be the hownor of a bag consciene to consleep
	layer_8: it's not likely at this haur unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can sleep
	layer_10: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_12: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who cant sleep

file: 4153-61735-0009.flac
expected: troth there's one such within those walls
	layer_2: cruft thes on such with in thoos waldt
	layer_4: crott ther's on such within thos wald
	layer_6: croth there's one such within those warls
	layer_8: croth there's one such within those walds
	layer_10: croth there's one such within those wallds
	layer_12: croth there's one such within those walds

file: 4153-61735-0010.flac
expected: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_2: if he be a brod thas a good shands of his seng me un beuorpen drownd not that i shuld gae estrol iv it werd on y micseef to be confrommice
	layer_4: if he be abroad tha's a good shancs of his seeing me un vi opene ground not thar i should gare re straw evit wee on e mie ee to be con fromist
	layer_6: if he be a broad tha's a good chande of his seeing me on be opend ground not that i should care astraw if it were onl he my sele to be comfromised
	layer_8: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be opened ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_10: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_12: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the opened ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised

file: 4153-61735-0011.flac
expected: it's no use waiting upon the moon deuce take her
	layer_2: its now us wating upon the morne dustaca
	layer_4: its no use waiting upon the morn dustayca
	layer_6: it's no uswating uon the moon dustiker
	layer_8: it's no use waiting upon the moon deustaker
	layer_10: it's no use waiting upon the mon dustaker
	layer_12: it's no use waiting upon the mon deustaker

file: 4153-61735-0012.flac
expected: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either its cash plate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_2: it eis re he had desins ofpon the harsy ender but thesedid not contobplit eiterits cash flet or jully ifbe exep the morstprlesshas juwla condeind the misles of the mancion horsef
	layer_4: it istruew he had desiins ofpon the husy ander but thesedid not contibplit either itscash flat or julry if be eccept the mor sprecius julit conteind the mistlesse of the manciin hersef
	layer_6: it is true he had desins upon the hassy ender but these did not conteplate either ats cash flate or julry if we accept the more s precious jewl it containt the mistress of the manchi in her self
	layer_8: it is true he had designs upon the hassiender but these did not conteplate either it scash flat or jewlery if we accept the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_10: it is true he had designs upon the hasienda but these did not contemplate either its cash flate or jewelry if we axcept the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_12: it is true he had designs upon the hascienda but these did not contemplate either its cash flate or jewelry if we axcept the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself

file: 4153-185072-0000.flac
expected: he tarried at genishau a few days and came up to gardow where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_2: he taeyd a gainashor of feuders and came up the gadale whele i thend res ideed he was a per ently with out any bis meste ats afpoart him but he swn becae maquainted would my san tomie with hom he hanted for along time and mande his home with him at my house rentorogamon and he can toneutd his day
	layer_4: he taried hat gainasur of few das and came up the gado whele ithen resided he was apearently without any busmisstafits afpourt him but he son became aquainted woitd my suntomise with whom he hunterd fora long time and mad his whome with him at my house wentocamemon and he continut his tay
	layer_6: he tarried hat gennashor oa few dairs and came up the gado whene i then resided he was apparently without any busimis thar wotes apport him but he soon became acquainted with my sun tomise with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_8: he tarried at kenisha a few days and came up tho gado whelne i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my saon thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_10: he tarried at genishaw a few days and came up to gado where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_12: he tarried at kenishaw a few days and came up to gado where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day

file: 4153-185072-0001.flac
expected: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_2: the enraged hausebeen be nowin that he shoul fese o blo if he watat the hr the art or abeated insintirr cretn and wen dan doriv uter his cated
	layer_4: the endraged husbeen wel nowing that he should fele obloow if he wated to har the oder rapeated instenty recretin and went town tr everteor his cate
	layer_6: the enraged husban well knowing that he should feel o blow if he waited to hear the order rappeated instanctly recreated and went town th everto his catle
	layer_8: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down the river to his catle
	layer_10: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeatit instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_12: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeatit instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle

file: 4153-185072-0002.flac
expected: we protected the poor nanticoke woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised a reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_2: wepro daectetd the poori manti colke woman and gae hervic tuus and alinim pe tized withhert in heor misportont tis pring when her haus bin gcame to her o nolishis formol erors and hat he had abus o or withoutacoause proar mistrt afomation an cheeaseved im with every mark ofvi  i newwl of her offection
	layer_4: weprotactitd the poor  manticok woman and gave hervectuals and allinsimpatized with her in her miss portunt tispring when her husbeen came to her ac nolish his formaerroers and that he had abused her without acouse prowmister aformation and che recived him withevery mark of ere null of her offection
	layer_6: we protected the poormanti cok woman and gave her vectuals an allens impatized with her in her misportunes tispring when her husban came to her ocnolisged his formererers and that he had abused her without a cause prowr mister refomation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_8: we protected the poor manti coak woman and gave her victuals and allen sympatized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised er reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_10: we protected the poor nmantic oak woman and gave her victuals and allyn sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised her reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_12: we protected the poor nantikoak woman and gave her victuals and allyn sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised her reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection

file: 4153-185072-0003.flac
expected: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wampum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for
	layer_2: te intiant was s an ancard by the a maricen of iser that t e wonk om was scoadge theaxetid and that a continuins of bece was ardincyrish for
	layer_4: the indianc wars son ancsered by the american of icer that the wonquom wash scodu lhe axcepted and that a cuntinuenc of pece was ardency rishedfor
	layer_6: the indiance werse soon answered by the american officer that the wankom whoas qordiuly accepted and that a continuancs of pieace was ardency wished for
	layer_8: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwum wase coardilly accepted and that a continuancs of peace whas ardency wished for
	layer_10: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonkuum was cordilly accepted and that a continuance of peace wos ardency wished for
	layer_12: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonquum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace whos ardency wished for

file: 4153-185072-0004.flac
expected: my son thomas went with them with allen's horse and carried the goods
	layer_2: my son dormiss went with them with ilin's horse and kcourry the good
	layer_4: my sun tormiss wrent with them with ilen's horse and carret the good
	layer_6: my sandormis went with them with aland's horse and carried the good
	layer_8: my san tomis went with them with alan's horse and carried the good
	layer_10: my san thomas went with them with alan's horse and carried the good
	layer_12: my san thomas went with them with alen's horse and carried the good

file: 4153-185072-0005.flac
expected: allen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_2: aslin un findinglat his enimes ad gon im back ta my house were he lived as befor but of his red down they wears swon no to fite y argrar and netes wholl made res hela amsy with i s mo bat ty of ingons cam man to tack him
	layer_4: alin on findingthat his enemis ad gone came bak to my house where he lived as befor but of his dre tone theye was sl noto fithat ny agra and nettils who marid reselarramsy with this mol party of indians came ot to tak him
	layer_6: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his returne they were soon not tofi hat niagra and nettls who married ricilaramsa with the smol party of indians came ount to take him
	layer_8: alyn on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his returne they wese soon notifi at niagra and netles who married ricillar amse wth the small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_10: allyn on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notifygh at niagra and nettles who married priscilla ramse with the small party of indians came out to take him
	layer_12: alyn on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notifygh at niagra and nettles who married priscilla ramse with the small party of indians came out to take him

file: 4153-185072-0006.flac
expected: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen all in tatters came in
	layer_2: natls alengh abandin the chese wend horm and alin allientateors camien
	layer_4: nettls at length abanden the chase went hom and allin alen taters camin
	layer_6: nettls at length abandon the chase went home and alan all an tatters came in
	layer_8: nettles at length abandoned the chaise went home and allan all an tattels came in
	layer_10: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen allin tattels came in
	layer_12: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen allin tattels came in

file: 4153-185072-0007.flac
expected: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_2: bya aning in the waord his clore thing had becom torn indelags to lhat he wash an esaffling condition or was naked
	layer_4: by runding in the wood his clowthing had becometon intelags to that he wash an a suffring condition o was naked
	layer_6: by runding in the woods his clothing had become torn into lags to that he was in a suffering condition ol was naked
	layer_8: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_10: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_12: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked

file: 4153-185072-0008.flac
expected: allen made his trowsers himself and then built a raft on which he went down the river to his own place at mount morris
	layer_2: a len made histrouses himseif and then bt alafht on which he wet noun teriver to his ornfless at morn mordice
	layer_4: a lin made his trousos himself and hen bile alagft on which he wet dowunterever to his own tlesce at morne morice
	layer_6: alan made his trousos himself and then bild araughet on which he went down the rivere to his own place at mount morics
	layer_8: allan made his trouses himself and then built a raught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount maris
	layer_10: allyn made his trowsers himself and then built a raught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount marris
	layer_12: allyn made his trousers himself and then built a raught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount maurris

file: 4153-185072-0009.flac
expected: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his squaw
	layer_2: there and inin gave himsomerefesshment an icould gon wuth which he hased ind on to litted berdsdon bey he found his cor
	layer_4: there and ind in gave him some erefleshment andacouod gune bwith which he hased in on to little be ardstown ber he found his cour
	layer_6: there an iniant gave him some reflreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on tho little beards town where he found his co
	layer_8: there an indgian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little biards down where he found his cop
	layer_10: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beeard's down where he found his cop
	layer_12: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's down where he found his cope

file: 4153-185072-0010.flac
expected: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_2: not derling to lis comsel f art that plys fuorfr of bein given o he mete here but a shart visit and tcim inmediaty to gadal
	layer_4: not derling to ris conselfat that plece for fir of bein given up he mad her but a shat visit and caime immediatly to gado
	layer_6: not daring to ris himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_8: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to guardo
	layer_10: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to guardo
	layer_12: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to guardo

file: 4153-185072-0011.flac
expected: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_2: the love ofe libody however eided to his naturaes riffness gave hims uficioncstrengt to makus skc to his formal caslof safty
	layer_4: the loveo liboty however ided to his natuas fifness gave himsuffisien s trenct to makt his sgae to his formal casl of sfty
	layer_6: the love of liborty however aded to his natua's fiffness gave him sufficient s trength to make his escape to his formel cazle of safety
	layer_8: the love of liberty however aded to his naturals wiffness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_10: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former casle of safety
	layer_12: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety

file: 4153-185072-0012.flac
expected: his pursuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_2: his puse u as kame inmeditly temy hus whet le expected to have ound him secreted and onde my ferdection
	layer_4: his pus ou as came immedetely to my house wh the expected to have found him secreted and under miy rtection
	layer_6: his possurs came immediately to my house whe they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_8: his pussuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_10: his possuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_12: his pussuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection

file: 4153-185072-0013.flac
expected: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_2: stoo lunsat thefied and d outing myv wirt asity the avicet my indin brother do uws his infouinceto drof from me the se could of his consument which they had mitead that icinsithort of grardeimpatns nort only to him but tomyises i pusist thin myigniins of hisituation and finilesy lef me
	layer_4: stilansat tasfid and outing my varacity the advist my indian brother to us his infuence too draf from me the see could of his conclment which they had  nideathar i conscid art of gratempoatense nor only to him but to mysess i pes sisted in my agnerence of hisituation and finileasyalef me
	layer_6: stillan satisfied and doubting my viracity they adviced my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the seecoet of his concelment which they had anidea that i considout of great importanse no only to him but to mycess i perssisted in my ignorance of his situation and finalys e eleft me
	layer_8: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance nor only to him but to my sels i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_10: still unsatisfied unddoubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my self i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_12: still unsatisfied und doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me

file: 4153-185072-0014.flac
expected: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_2: he cimpet o my hous ind the night and o warkne with the greart ist cotion ering that some of his enemes might by waching to theike him as adime wen andin o plase war itf old be imwasiblefor him to make his ascap
	layer_4: he came to my house in the night and a walk me with he gratest cation fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to theack him at a time wen and in opplace where it would be impasible for him to make his ascap
	layer_6: he came to my house in the night and awalk me with ha greatest caution feerling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to makehis escape
	layer_8: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_10: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_12: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape

file: 4153-185072-0015.flac
expected: at that time allen lay in a secret place in the gulph a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_2: at that dime ilin la in a se cre placs in the gose a shorgt distens above my lat in a whoa that he acx tently found in the rork ne otheirever
	layer_4: at that time alenly in a see crit place in the guts a shot tistance above my flat in a wholle hat he axetently found in the rok ne othe rever
	layer_6: at that time alanlay in a secret place in the gurs a short distance above my flat in a whole that he accidently found in the rokg near the river
	layer_8: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulth a short distance above my flat in a whole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_10: at that time island lay in a secret place in te gulf a short distance above my flat in a whole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_12: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulf a short distance above my flat in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river

file: 1701-141760-0000.flac
expected: the pavlograds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to olmutz to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant there with girls as waitresses
	layer_2: the poe lof grods hel feast after fiest sellepreting a wars they had recee for the campn and made expodisions tor al mos tivis a aseurshiand core li ne hungarian who herd resntly open areston dere witht gorvsers witrocies
	layer_4: the povlov grads held feasd after feasd sellibrating a wars tey had receive for the campin and made expoditions to all mots tdiviser a certian car line na hungarion who hard recently open ares jon teare with girveses witrcies
	layer_6: the proflove grads held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campin and made expeditions to all mots divisat a certan caroling the hungerian who had recently open a res dron der with girls as watrsces
	layer_8: the pavlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all moots dto visit a certain caroling the hungyrian who had recently opend a restun der with girls as witresces
	layer_10: the povlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all moots to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant der with girls ans witresces
	layer_12: the povlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all moots to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant der with girls and witresses

file: 1701-141760-0001.flac
expected: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_2: the garset mee ther hol marse as iffon o plajutrip puradin they lainliness and disuplon
	layer_4: the garsed me theire whole march as if on a plasur trip pereading theyr clainlyness and diciplan
	layer_6: the guards had meet their whole march as if on a pleasure trip perating their clainliness and discipline
	layer_8: the guards had met their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleainliness and discipline
	layer_10: the guards had mate their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleainliness and discipline
	layer_12: the guards had mete their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline

file: 1701-141760-0002.flac
expected: the regiments had entered and left the town with their bands playing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper posts
	layer_2: the recimanshait entod and leaf tetoede with their ban's plei and by the granjues aorders de men had marched all he we in stap a pragcht his anwirs the gars pritdyd themseles the offisrs on fots and otheir proper porse
	layer_4: the regimant s had entod and lefte tone with theie bun's pleaing and by the gran jukes orders demen had marched all the we in step a practis on which tho guars praided temselves the officers on foots and at their proper porse
	layer_6: the regiments had entwered and left ta tone with their binds pleaing and by the grandikes ordors temen had marched all the wa ind step a practies on which the guards praided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_8: the regiments had entered and left a tone with their bands pleeing and by the granducke's orders the men had marched all the wa in step a practice on which the guars praided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_10: the regiments had entered and left a town with their bands pleeing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_12: the regiments had entered and left te town with their bands pleeing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse

file: 1701-141760-0003.flac
expected: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_2: bore cadben corcerts a had marshet all the we with bar wh was ority incomind ovf a compny
	layer_4: bora sad beeng quarcerts and had marched all the we with brke wheo was oredty incommind of a company
	layer_6: boras had been quarserds and had marched all the wa with burk who was already incommind of a company
	layer_8: baris had been carsards and had marched all the way with berg who was already in commind of a company
	layer_10: boris had been qarserd and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_12: boris had been quarserd and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company

file: 1701-141760-0004.flac
expected: boris during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski through whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief's staff
	layer_2: boros ju in te campan had mity aquintens of mady parsons who my pruf useul to him and by aeleso af recumendation he had brofrom pear had becomequenty wit princ andre bol consky thugh whom he hoked to o teen apposet on the commndran che stuff
	layer_4: boros jur in the campin had medy acquentins of many persons who migt provusfu to him and by a leter af recumendation he had brogt rom per had becom aquenty with prince andrew boll consky though whom he hoped to obten apporsd on the commandren chivf stuff
	layer_6: borras during the campin had made tye acquintonce of many persons who maight provuseful to him and by a letter of recomendation he had brought from pier had become a quenty with prince andrew ball consky though whom he hopped to obten a porsed on the commandrand chief staff
	layer_8: borrags during the campign had made the acquentance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pier had become a quente with prince andrew balkonski though whom he hoped to obtain a porst on the commandran chief staff
	layer_10: borrugs during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become a quenty with prince andrew bolkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commandr an chief staff
	layer_12: borrogs during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquenty with prince andrew bolkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commandr an chief staff

file: 1701-141760-0005.flac
expected: berg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them playing chess
	layer_2: brk and poras haring rested af t yesdthis march were sising cleen andnitly drest at ar rowntaple in the clen quarters a lotid to them plain ches
	layer_4: burk and bores hudding rested after yesed ise march were siting clen and needly dressd at a rowne table in te clen quarters a lot id to them plan chess
	layer_6: burk and boras having rested after yesdys march were sitting clean an needly dressed at a roune teble in de cleen quarters a loty to them plain chess
	layer_8: berk and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters alotted to them plain ches
	layer_10: berke and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess
	layer_12: berk and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess

file: 1701-141760-0006.flac
expected: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_2: wel howr you goentsogissas of that s heu remart
	layer_4: well howar you gint togetters of thats he remart
	layer_6: well how are you goin to get ut of thats he remart
	layer_8: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_10: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_12: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked

file: 1701-141760-0007.flac
expected: at that moment the door opened
	layer_2: at thatmaoment dor opens
	layer_4: at that momanthe door opent
	layer_6: at that momant the door open
	layer_8: at that moment the door opened
	layer_10: at that moment the door opened
	layer_12: at that moment the door opened

file: 1701-141760-0008.flac
expected: dear me how you have changed
	layer_2: deyr me hi you ha chagsd
	layer_4: doear me har you have chaged
	layer_6: dear me how you have changed
	layer_8: dear me how you have changed
	layer_10: dear me how you have changed
	layer_12: dear me how you have changed

file: 1701-141760-0009.flac
expected: he was about to embrace his friend but nicholas avoided him
	layer_2: he wasaboto inbrance his frins butn neclese a voyded he
	layer_4: he was abae to imbrace his friends but nicless avoided hem
	layer_6: he was about to imbrace his friends but nikles avoided herm
	layer_8: he was about to imbrace his friends but nickolas avoided herm
	layer_10: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided her
	layer_12: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided her

file: 1701-141760-0010.flac
expected: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_2: he want ed apens him pus hhom do anithing bet cissom a thing everbodhy dod
	layer_4: he want y apins him push him do anything but kisshim a thing everybody dord
	layer_6: he want e to pench him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_8: he wante to pench him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_10: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_12: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did

file: 1701-141760-0011.flac
expected: but notwithstanding this boris embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_2: but not was stndyg ner sporse im braced om an a quigt frienly we an kis himthree times
	layer_4: but not westanding ne spors in braced hom an a quite friendly we ind kisd him threetimes
	layer_6: but not withstanding ness pors embraced him and a quiete friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_8: but notwithstanding ter sborrus embraced him ind a quiet friendly wi and kissed him three times
	layer_10: but notwithstanding thess sborrus embraced him ind a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_12: but notwithstanding thes sborrus embraced him ind a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times

file: 1701-141760-0012.flac
expected: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take their first steps on life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_2: the had not mat frnealy halfy year and bing rt the age wen young mentite a forstaps ond lics rd et sao i men hanges in the other quit an de reflation of the sessiety ind whers the hat takinos for steps
	layer_4: they had not mate fo nealin halfr year and bing of the age when young mantit a fir steps and lafes rod each saw imman hinges an the other quite er new reflaction of the sciety in whercs the hadtaken nes fir steps
	layer_6: they had not mat for nearly halfa year and being at the age when young mantit ha first steps and lifes rods each saw imanged changes in the other quite a new reflaction of the society in which they ataken nose firt steps
	layer_8: they had not mate for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tike their first steps and lifesrods each saw immanged changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they hadtaken those first steps
	layer_10: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tit their first steps on lifrods each saw imens changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which theyhad taken those first steps
	layer_12: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tit their first steps on lifsrods each saw imens changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps

file: 1701-141760-0013.flac
expected: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_2: i di not expa ustode heat ieds
	layer_4: i did not expeutod y he aded
	layer_6: i did not expet yu to dy he added
	layer_8: i did not expet you tode he added
	layer_10: i did not expect you tode he added
	layer_12: i did not expect you tod he added

file: 1701-141760-0014.flac
expected: you know of course that his imperial highness rode with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_2: ou no of courset his impelial hiness road withoi reatimen all the time so that we atd every conmfort t in everyatdvantiege
	layer_4: you know of courset his imperlia hignes rod with our redgiman all the time so that we had every confort in every advantage
	layer_6: yeu know of course hat his impelial highness rud with our regiment all the time so that wehad every comfort in every advantage
	layer_8: you know of course that his imperial highness rued with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_10: you know of course that his imperial highness roed with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_12: you know of course that his imperial highness roed with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage

file: 1701-141760-0015.flac
expected: what receptions we had in poland
	layer_2: hat restions we had in pollens
	layer_4: what reseptions we had imparlens
	layer_6: what receptions we had inpolans
	layer_8: what receptions we had inpolans
	layer_10: what receptions we had in polans
	layer_12: what receptions we had in porlands

file: 1701-141760-0016.flac
expected: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_2: what diners an balls i canttellyou
	layer_4: what dinners and ballves i can'ttel you
	layer_6: what dinners an balls i can't tell you
	layer_8: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_10: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_12: what dinners and balls i can't tell you

file: 1701-141760-0017.flac
expected: oh you guards said rostov i say send for some wine
	layer_2: ol you gard said rost off i se sevpe som whin
	layer_4: o you gar said rostoff i sa sevea som wine
	layer_6: o you guard said rostoff i say sever some wine
	layer_8: ol you guard said rostov i say savrsoe wine
	layer_10: o you gard said rostov i say sever sam wine
	layer_12: o you gard said rostov i say seversom wine

file: 1701-141760-0018.flac
expected: he went to his bed drew a purse from under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_2: he went wo is bed drughaparsemon to the cleen pillow and sent for wine
	layer_4: he went wo his bed drew a pars on dtor the cleen pillow and sent for wine
	layer_6: he went to his bed drew a parshom under the cleanm pillow and sent for wine
	layer_8: he went to his bed drew a parshom under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_10: he went to his bed drew a parsem under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_12: he went to his bed drew a parsem under the clean pillow and sent for wine

file: 1701-141760-0019.flac
expected: yes and i have some money and a letter to give you he added
	layer_2: ye sin i have som money on olees tocgif ou he adet
	layer_4: yes ind i have soe money an alettes to gif you he adies
	layer_6: yes and i have some money ind a letcters to give you he addes
	layer_8: yes and i have some money in a letters to give you he addeds
	layer_10: yes and i have some money and a letters to give you he added
	layer_12: yes and i have some money and a letters to give you he added

file: 1701-141760-0020.flac
expected: oh don't mention it count i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_2: al dont mantion at kont i quate hund der ston said bork geting op in speck in a murfulding gutravoice
	layer_4: oll don't mentionit cont i quate unde ston said bok getting up in speaking and a muffoledan gotteral voice
	layer_6: 'll don't mentionate cont a quaite hunderstand said bok getting up in speaking an a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_8: o don't mention at cont i quite understand said borgue getting up and speaking in a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_10: oh don't mention at cont i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_12: oh don't mention at cornt i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and gotteral voice

file: 1701-141760-0021.flac
expected: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris
	layer_2: gur cros tou arhose theinviti you ided borrse
	layer_4: gor cros to ur horse the invitid you aded boras
	layer_6: gorcross tou our horse they invited you aded borus
	layer_8: gor cross to our horse they invited you added boris
	layer_10: gor cross to our horse they invited you added boris
	layer_12: gor cross to our horse they invited you added boris

file: 1701-141760-0022.flac
expected: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having assured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_2: brk wit on the ceenist of cous withi te spogt or spakce of dust stid befor a lookin glos and brushedto here on his temples ut wors and the way affahty by the anmper alle inder and having insurthimself rom the wr rust of loke tateits that his couted be notest lefte rim er the plasat smile
	layer_4: burk wet on the clenest of couts withoiu o spot or spak of dost stid before a looking glass and brushd to here on his temple's upwords in the way affaty by the emper allegxinder and having insurd himself from the wa rost of look tartit that his coated bee notest lefter room eof the plasnt smile
	layer_6: burk bit on the clenest of courtse without a spot or spack of dust stid before a looking glass and brushd the hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emper allexander and having insured himself from the way rost of lookd atit that his couat had bee noticet left the room of the plasnt smile
	layer_8: berk pit on the ceanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed te hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the empeor alexander and having insured himself from the way rost of looked artite that his coat had been noticed left the room of the plasant smile
	layer_10: berk pit on the cleanest of couarts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed a hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rost ov looked artit that his couat had been noticed left the room oit he pleasant smile
	layer_12: berpit on the cleanest of coarts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed a hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rost of looked artit that his couat had been noticed left the room oif the pleasant smile

file: 1701-141760-0023.flac
expected: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_2: o dear was o beseti or muttee rostr fac e read de larter why
	layer_4: o dear was a bease t au mutted rostof hace read telater why
	layer_6: o dear was a beast i a muttered rostoff as he red the latter why
	layer_8: oh dear wats a beast i a muttered rostof as he read the letter why
	layer_10: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_12: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why

file: 1701-141760-0024.flac
expected: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right let's have some
	layer_2: well have you sen gavriiforso wi alright las have so
	layer_4: well have you sent geabryial for som white o right lace have som
	layer_6: well have you sent gabrio for some white ol right lace have some
	layer_8: well have you sent geabrio for some wite all right lhayce have some
	layer_10: well have you sent geabriel for some white all right theycs have some
	layer_12: well have you sent gabriel for some white all right they's have some

file: 1701-141760-0025.flac
expected: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagration which the old countess at anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_2: and elecifrom his parence was ancosthe letso of recumindation to begratiuon wher s the ol crontarset anamcaolovfnes advice had obtan tfrou an aquintens and santo er son asceimt takuto is destinition and meke u sof it
	layer_4: and thelesio from his parence was inclose te lete of recumendeation to bygretion whirchs te olld contarsid anamicallovness andvice had obtene throug an acquentens and sent to her son askimdtiket to its deastinetion and mek use of it
	layer_6: in e lesser from his parents was enclose the leter of recomendation to bagrician which the old contersad anamicallovner's advice had obtein throughan acquintance and sent to her son askhim to take it to its destination and mik use of it
	layer_8: in the lettere from his parents was enclused the letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countesse at anamicalovna's advice had obtained throgh an acquintance and sent to her son askin him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_10: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess at anna mikalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_12: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess at anna mikalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it

file: 1701-141760-0026.flac
expected: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_2: whioivf yoe tfhrow noat away asporise
	layer_4: why ivf yoe throw not away ase porice
	layer_6: why hife you throw nat away asked borus
	layer_8: why have you throw tat away asked baris
	layer_10: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_12: why have you thrown that away asked borus

file: 1701-141760-0027.flac
expected: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_2: t is some let er reck mend shoen what the devel to i wontiv for
	layer_4: int its somebleter of reckmendey sion what the devile to i wonte ive fore
	layer_6: in is some letr of recmindetion what the devil do i want it for
	layer_8: it is some letter of recomendati an what the devil do i want it for
	layer_10: it is some letter of recomendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_12: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for

file: 1701-141760-0028.flac
expected: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_2: he leketontently uni quianly ito his frends ese evat ant y tryngin vene to find the ansi to som question
	layer_4: he looked antently uningquiranly into his friends eyes evidently tryngin ben to fined the anci to some question
	layer_6: he looked intently uninquirnely into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the ancwer to some question
	layer_8: he looked intently aninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_10: he looked intently aninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_12: he looked intently aninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question

file: 1701-141760-0029.flac
expected: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed because i knew i was right
	layer_2: which yu be leveet kinte i was nostert shall ar larmd whirs i knew i warsh right
	layer_4: which yoe beleve it count i was nost a soll ar larmed whors i knew i wash riht
	layer_6: which you believe it coun't i was not o tall alarmed hos i knew i was riht
	layer_8: would you believe at count i was not at all alarmed as i knew i was rigt
	layer_10: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed case i knew i was right
	layer_12: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed cause i knew i was right

file: 1701-141760-0030.flac
expected: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_2: i keim for wart tirksto d up and shold how he presanted himself with his hand t who his cap and rally t woulda ben difficlt for a fast eexpress greature spact and self complacencse than hisded
	layer_4: i kem forwart berks tood up and should how he presanted himself with his handtwho his cap and really it would had ben difficult for a face to express greate respect and self complacencey then hisderd
	layer_6: i came forward berks sthood up and should how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would hav ben difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than hisdid
	layer_8: i came forward berk stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a fface to express greater respect and self complacancy than his did
	layer_10: i came forward berk stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_12: i came forward berk stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did

file: 1701-141760-0031.flac
expected: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_2: well he stomdat me ase sing as stond and stomed and stormd
	layer_4: well he stomdat me ase sing his stmed and stomed and stomed
	layer_6: well he stonmed at me as the sing is starmed and starmed and stomed
	layer_8: well he stormed at me as the sing is starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_10: well he starmed at me as the sing is starmed and starmed and starmed
	layer_12: well he starmed at me as the sing is starmed and starmed and starmed

file: 1701-141760-0032.flac
expected: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the saying is
	layer_2: it wis not amyts of life bet ratr of death a the sengrs
	layer_4: it was not e mactor of lif but rahter of death as te seing ers
	layer_6: it was not a matr of life but rathe of death as the seingers
	layer_8: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seingers
	layer_10: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the sengers
	layer_12: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the sengers

file: 1701-141760-0033.flac
expected: albanians and devils and to siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_2: ia beaians and deveals an two si be aria said bark withe sugatious smyl
	layer_4: i'll badians and devals and two si bearia said burk with a sugatious smil
	layer_6: i'lbedians and devils and two cibria said burk with a sagicious smile
	layer_8: albedians and devils and two cibria said burg with a sagecious smile
	layer_10: albedians and devils and two siberia said byrg with a sagacious smile
	layer_12: albedians and devils and two siberia said byrg with a sagacious smile

file: 1701-141760-0034.flac
expected: still i remained silent and what do you think count
	layer_2: stil i remeinse silent at what you thin cit
	layer_4: still i remein silent at what o you think kout
	layer_6: still thi reman silent at what do you think cot
	layer_8: still they remained silent ad what do you think koat
	layer_10: still they remaind silent ad what do you think kot
	layer_12: still they remaind silent and what do you think kote

file: 1701-141760-0035.flac
expected: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_2: the nake ta it was not evin mentid an the ardrcs of tody
	layer_4: the nax stay it was not eveinmentiond in the ordece of the ty
	layer_6: the next day it was not evenmentione in the orders of the dea
	layer_8: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the da
	layer_10: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the da
	layer_12: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the da

file: 1701-141760-0036.flac
expected: that's the way count said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_2: thats the wa cot aid bark liting his pip and y miting rings af smok
	layer_4: that's the wa cont said birg lahting his pipe and imiting rings a smolk
	layer_6: that's the weacont said burg lating his pipe and imitting rings ar smolk
	layer_8: that's the wee coant said burg laiting his pipe and emitting rings a smolk
	layer_10: that's the wea coat said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smolk
	layer_12: that's the wee coat said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smolk

file: 1701-141760-0037.flac
expected: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_2: yres thit was fins id rostof smily
	layer_4: yars thigt was fincs ind rostofh smilyng
	layer_6: yes that was fincs in rostoff smiling
	layer_8: yes that was fine saind rostofv smiling
	layer_10: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_12: yes that was fine said rostov smiling

file: 1701-141760-0038.flac
expected: rostov was a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate lie
	layer_2: drust ot with a chise foll young mane and wid a no icte havf tolte di liperat ly
	layer_4: rost omt with a chrousfull young man and wid o no a cat hae tolt e de liperat li
	layer_6: drostop with a toueful young man and wit o knew a cait have tald the deliperate lie
	layer_8: drostop with a truceful young man and wit on now a cait have told ta deliberate life
	layer_10: rostov with a trutheful young man and would on noua cait have tod the deliberate live
	layer_12: rostov with a trutheful young man and would on noa cait have told the deliberate live

file: 1701-141760-0039.flac
expected: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehood
	layer_2: he begant his storit menin to tet e er thin jusesat happent be impersetsbly involl an trly and inevitibly helops tince af falsout
	layer_4: he began his storite menig to tell ever thin juses at happened bet impercetably invallenterrily an inevitably he lapstant o falsut
	layer_6: he began his story meaning to tell everthing just as at happened but impercetibly involuntarrily and inevitably he allapsed in to falsuit
	layer_8: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but impercetibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsuit
	layer_10: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsuit
	layer_12: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsuit

file: 1701-141760-0040.flac
expected: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed toward boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_2: prince andre who lighto help youn men was flotere by be as for his escistans and been wel dhe spos to warse borus who hand manished to ple simto deea before he wish todyo what youn mon wantiet
	layer_4: prince andre who light to help young man was flatteed by beng ase for hes assistance and being well dispose to wars boris who had manished to ple simded a before he wished to doo what young mon anted
	layer_6: prince andrew who light to help young men was flatted by being asked for his assistance and being well dispose towards borus who had managed to pleade him the day before he wished to do what the young min wantied
	layer_8: prince andrew who lihed to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boras who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_10: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_12: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted

file: 1701-141760-0041.flac
expected: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contempt with which rostov from his fighting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_2: ispaht a prince andgis disugryablre i roneical ton i spaht of the contame with which rustoff from hisfating arme pinte of yu regarded aleas leat tl agidtntce on the stag of hom te new comer was eviranly one rosto fel con fset belushed and becam slent
	layer_4: is spate e prince andres disegrabore i ronical ton ispate of the contame with which rostoff from his fagting army point of yew regarded althese littl agiance on te stath of hem the new comeo was evidently one rostof felt confused belushed and becme silent
	layer_6: is spaite of prince andres disagreeaboe a ronical ton ispate of the content with which rost off from his fating army point of iew regardied all these little agitance on the staff of hom the new comer was evidently one rost off felt confused bulushed and became silent
	layer_8: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable i ronical ton in spite of the content with which rostof from his fating army point of view regardied all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostof felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_10: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable i ronical tone in spite of the content with which rostof from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostof felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_12: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable i ronical tone in spite of the content with which rostof from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostof felt confused blushed and became silent

file: 1701-141760-0042.flac
expected: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one might ask about our plans
	layer_2: borsin quied what nuse ther might be oun destauff and watce withou indscression one my askabyt ur plins
	layer_4: bor is in quired what knwsed there might be un dherstaff and wate with ou indiscression one my askabot ur plans
	layer_6: borrus inquired what news there might be undestaff and wat with ou indiscretion one may aska bout our plans
	layer_8: borrus inquired what news there might be on the staff and wat without indiscretion one mayt ask about our plans
	layer_10: borras inquired what news there might be on the staff and wat without indiscretion one may ask about our plans
	layer_12: borrus inquired what news there might be on the staff and wat without indiscretion one may ask about our plans

file: 1701-141760-0043.flac
expected: we shall probably advance replied bolkonski evidently reluctant to say more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_2: we sharl promibly adfanse replid bol coske evitently relouct it to seem more in e presence of a strangere
	layer_4: we shall promably adfandcehreplied bolcosket evidently relucdedt to seem more and te presence of a stranger
	layer_6: we shall promably advance replied bocosquit evidently reluctet to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_8: we shall probably advance replied bakoski evidently relucted to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_10: we shall probably advance replied bokovski evidently reluctant to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_12: we shall probably advance replied bokoski evidently reluctant to seem more in the presence of a stranger

file: 1701-141760-0044.flac
expected: berg took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_2: brcdtut the oprtchuniti to ask with grea polighteness whre ther aswas reemord the alio ins or forage monee to captence of componi s u be doubleds
	layer_4: burctat the opprtunity to ask with great polighteness where ther as was remers the elowence of forage moneet to captence of companie s whu be doubled
	layer_6: berke at the opportunity to ask with great politeness wherethet as was rumouresd the allowance of forage money to captaince of companies whor be doubled
	layer_8: berked at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companies wole be doubled
	layer_10: berked at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumour'sd the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_12: berked at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumour'd the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled

file: 1701-141760-0045.flac
expected: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_2: i was  theare sad rost of angral as if inteny to in sal the itdecop
	layer_4: i was sther sed rost of andgral as if intendyg to in solt the idecamp
	layer_6: i wash sther sid rost of angril as if intending to insult the ad decamp
	layer_8: i was sthere said rostov angril as if intending to insult the aid de camp
	layer_10: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aid de camp
	layer_12: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aid de camp

file: 1701-141760-0046.flac
expected: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes there are many stories now told about that affair
	layer_2: wrthe sligntly contenstyus smy olel he said yees that i many stoies no tol thorwat thatar far
	layer_4: with a slintly contemptius smy on he said yes that i many storyes no tol he bat thattarfer
	layer_6: with a slointly contemptus smile he said yes that i many stories no toll he bout that efeare
	layer_8: with a slougtly contemptus smile he said yes that o many stories no talt abot that affear
	layer_10: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many stories no tal about that affair
	layer_12: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many stories no taldabout that affair

file: 1701-141760-0047.flac
expected: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_2: but ourstoyes o the stois of man whog apen onto the enmis fire
	layer_4: but our storyes o the stoies of men who hapbin undte the eni's fire
	layer_6: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemys fire
	layer_8: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_10: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_12: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire

file: 1701-141760-0048.flac
expected: our stories have some weight not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_2: oerstoris have son wits not likethe stlories of thous falows on the staf who get rewas ofithiu doin inthi
	layer_4: ir storis halve some weits not lake the stlhories of ths fellows on the staf who get rewas without doing enething
	layer_6: our stories half some wheet not lake the stlories of those fellows on the staff who get rewars without doing anything
	layer_8: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_10: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_12: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything

file: 1701-141760-0049.flac
expected: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_2: how ever he atedrisy you no my neame and werto fin me be dogt foget tha i donot regad i the my self or you as having beni sall in sultes and as a man al tof than you my ad vicees tillat the mattr drop
	layer_4: however he adid risi you know my name and were to fin me bedoon't foget that i donot regod i ther myself or you as having been attoll in sultid and as a man oll ther than you my hadvices til it the matter drop
	layer_6: however he aded rising you know my name and where to find me bu don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been att all insalted and as a man allder than you my advices tollet the matter drop
	layer_8: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man oldther than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_10: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_12: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop

file: 1701-141760-0050.flac
expected: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bow to them both he went out
	layer_2: exclame prince aundre and was a bohtof them borth he wenthots
	layer_4: excleem prince androew and wath ha boauto them borth he wentot
	layer_6: exclem prince andrew and with the bowht of them borth he went out
	layer_8: exclaimed prince andrew and with ha boat of them borth he went out
	layer_10: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat of them both he went out
	layer_12: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat of them both he went out

file: 1701-141760-0051.flac
expected: and he was still more angry at having omitted to say it
	layer_2: and he was stol more an ret having a mit e tos sars
	layer_4: and he was stel more angret having a mity to sars
	layer_6: and he was stell more angryt having omity to sars
	layer_8: and he was still more angry at having omited to sers
	layer_10: and he was still more angry at having omitted to cis
	layer_12: and he was still more angry at having omitted to sirs

file: 1701-141760-0052.flac
expected: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of boris rode home
	layer_2: he artetd his herse at was and caldly sekunlyevf apors roc hom
	layer_4: he arded his harse at ons and caldly taking leave aboris rod home
	layer_6: he ardered his harse at ons and caldly taking leave a boras rod home
	layer_8: he ordered his horse at once and caldly taking leaverbars rode home
	layer_10: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave a baris rode home
	layer_12: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave a baris rode home

file: 1701-141760-0053.flac
expected: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way
	layer_2: shed he gao e o had qarctors noakxety and chalnygs ther af fated agitent a rely let the matter drop was the quession hat woidt him all the we
	layer_4: should he gost to had quartes nikxty and challige thaut af fated gitent a realy let the matter drop wats dhe quession that woiyd him all the wee
	layer_6: should he go to head quarters nexdy and chalnge that afated igitant or really let the mitter drop was the question that waid him all the wee
	layer_8: should he go to headquarters next dy and chalnge that affated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the quetion that woaihed him all the we
	layer_10: should he go to headquarters next day and challnge that affeted adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that woried him all the we
	layer_12: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affeted adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that weried him all the we

file: 1701-141759-0000.flac
expected: it was long since the rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_2: it was lonsins ur rustr shad nes of nicuuse
	layer_4: it was longs incserostor sad newse of niclse
	layer_6: it was longs in cer rostos had news of nicklus
	layer_8: it was long sinc sir rostos had news of nickholas
	layer_10: it was long since  rostofs had news of nicholas
	layer_12: it was long since  rostovs had news of nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0001.flac
expected: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_2: not sill mit wenter was the contat last handed  lter a dresen his suns hand raty
	layer_4: not till mid winter was the contat last handid alater ad dress an his sons hand rating
	layer_6: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressd and his son's hand rating
	layer_8: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressd in his son's handwriting
	layer_10: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_12: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting

file: 1701-141759-0002.flac
expected: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_2: on receiving its he ranon tip t  to his study and alarm and hast trindtyo uskep notes clost te door and beginto red dileter
	layer_4: on receiving its he ranon tip t to his study an a larm and hasd trined to oeskp notes closed te door and begin to rediletter
	layer_6: on receiving its he ran on tip to to his study ind alarm and haste tring to rescape notice close the door and begin to redolatter
	layer_8: on receiving it he ran on tipto to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to rethe latter
	layer_10: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the latter
	layer_12: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the latter

file: 1701-141759-0003.flac
expected: each time that these hints began to make the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhaylovna the latter very adroitly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_2: eashd tin tat these hense begunto met the tontes antius and sheglianst un easilly at the tont and it anmecolonew the lase very adroitly trnd de comnversation to insecgniviced maters
	layer_4: eash tin that these hense began to meet the coneters anxious and she glancstd uneasillhy at the cont and it ane mi collovno the lattera very addroitly turnedeconvercetion to insignivicant mattters
	layer_6: each tine that these hence began to meet the contes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at ani micalovno the latter very adroyedly turned te conversetion to ensignificante matters
	layer_8: each tie that these hencs begun to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at ana mikalovno the latter very adroedly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_10: each time that these hents begun to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroetly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_12: each time that these hents begun to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroyetly turned the conversation to insignificant matters

file: 1701-141759-0004.flac
expected: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_2: bet for got seai be kerefuor you kno heord me affactyour momer
	layer_4: but for go sea be carefolr you know herd me affect your momo
	layer_6: but forgod se be kareful you know hor at me affect your mama
	layer_8: but for god's sa be careful you know her ant me affect your mamma
	layer_10: but for god's e be careful you know her ant may effecth your mamma
	layer_12: but for god's se be careful you know her ant may affech your mamma

file: 1701-141759-0005.flac
expected: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_2: no al my so ward of oner said theta sha crussing herself i wat tell any one
	layer_4: no a my coo ward of honoer said the tasha crussing herself i want tell any one
	layer_6: no an my tru wart of honour said the tasha crussing herself i want tell any one
	layer_8: no a' my tru word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_10: no arm my true word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_12: no arm my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one

file: 1701-141759-0006.flac
expected: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_2: ind she rano at wose thoe son yor
	layer_4: and she ran off at once to sonyu
	layer_6: and she ran off at once to sonyu
	layer_8: and she ran off at once to sono
	layer_10: and she ran off at once to sonyia
	layer_12: and she ran off at once to sonia

file: 1701-141759-0007.flac
expected: she rushed to sonya hugged her and began to cry
	layer_2: she  rushed to son yor hak ther and begand to cri
	layer_4: she arushed tho sonyur howked her and began to cry
	layer_6: she rushed to sonye hawked her and began to cry
	layer_8: she rushed to sonya huked her and began to cry
	layer_10: she rushed to sonya hucked her and began to cry
	layer_12: she rushed to sonia hucked her and began to cry

file: 1701-141759-0008.flac
expected: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolute strides
	layer_2: is too the all you wemen uc ri ba be si ort petyur pisseng he rom ith laige resil eit strites
	layer_4: i's too the all you women o cry bebe shor art peur pscing the roomet lage reselite strits
	layer_6: it's to the all you women a craybebies tre mark petur pessing the room at lage resolate strates
	layer_8: it's tro that oll yo women are cry bbies remarked petia pessing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_10: it's tro that al you women are crybabies remarked petya pessing the room with large resolante straits
	layer_12: it's tro that ol you women are crybabies remarked petya pessing the room with large resolat straits

file: 1701-141759-0009.flac
expected: you are all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_2: youre al blubers an an distain nostin
	layer_4: your all bluberis and and destan nothing
	layer_6: you're all blubberes and undirstand nothing
	layer_8: you're all blubbers and understand nothing
	layer_10: you're all blubbers and understand nothing
	layer_12: youre all blubbers and understand nothing

file: 1701-141759-0010.flac
expected: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_2: the tashous smyl throug herters
	layer_4: the tacious smile through her tears
	layer_6: thetashes smile through her tears
	layer_8: natashes smiled through her tears
	layer_10: natashes smile through her tears
	layer_12: natashe's smile through her tears

file: 1701-141759-0011.flac
expected: what nasty brutes they are
	layer_2: what nasty britsthe or
	layer_4: what nasty brits the are
	layer_6: what nasty brits the ar
	layer_8: what nasty bruts the are
	layer_10: what nasty bruts the are
	layer_12: what nasty bruts theye are

file: 1701-141759-0012.flac
expected: hold your tongue petya what a goose you are
	layer_2: holldiyoe tunptter what a goi syou ar
	layer_4: hold your tomepit what a gooe you are
	layer_6: hold your tonge pitt what a goush you are
	layer_8: hold your tonge pitter what a goosh you are
	layer_10: hold your tongue pitto what a goushe you are
	layer_12: hold your tongue pitto what a gooshe you are

file: 1701-141759-0013.flac
expected: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas
	layer_2: son you smileds to i rememberd ty clus
	layer_4: son you smilds do i remembern ny clus
	layer_6: sonyia smileds do i rememberdne cluss
	layer_8: sonya smiles do i remember nicolas
	layer_10: sonya smiles do i remember niklas
	layer_12: sonya smiles do i remember niklas

file: 1701-141759-0014.flac
expected: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_2: i damembe nicaoling to to irmembr him well shes said
	layer_4: i damembe necollaing to too i remember him well she said
	layer_6: i n amember nicholeintor two i remember him well she said
	layer_8: i remember nickholenta two i remember him well she said
	layer_10: i remember niholenta too i remember him well she said
	layer_12: i remember nikolenta too i remember him well she said

file: 1701-141759-0015.flac
expected: no she shut her eyes
	layer_2: no she shut hereise
	layer_4: no she shut her ise
	layer_6: no she shut her eyes
	layer_8: no she shut her eyes
	layer_10: no she shut her eyes
	layer_12: no she shut her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0016.flac
expected: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_2: she fel that sun yore was speaking a tuth that thet wars such love a suwure was speaking of
	layer_4: she felt that son yar wae speaking t truth that the worst such love a sonyr ware speaking off
	layer_6: she felt that sonya ware speaking tho truth that there wors such love a sonya wers speaking off
	layer_8: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonia was speaking of
	layer_10: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_12: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of

file: 1701-141759-0017.flac
expected: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_2: she pelieaved a could be but did nor und destandets
	layer_4: she believed hat could be but did no understand its
	layer_6: she believed it could be but did not understand its
	layer_8: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_10: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_12: she believed it could be but did not understand it

file: 1701-141759-0018.flac
expected: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_2: sha you wrigt to him she arst
	layer_4: shal you wreat to him she asket
	layer_6: shall you rate to him she asked
	layer_8: shall you wrate to hem she asked
	layer_10: shall you write to hem she asked
	layer_12: shall you write to hem she asked

file: 1701-141759-0019.flac
expected: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_2: na that he was l ready and officir and a wounded hero whuldit be rito remint him a firself ind asit mihte seme of the opligations to hou he hataken on himself
	layer_4: ne that he was already an officeer and a winded hero wild it be rit to remint him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_6: now that he was already an officer and i winded hero would it be rite to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_8: now that he was already an officer and a wunded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_10: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_12: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself

file: 1701-141759-0020.flac
expected: i don't know
	layer_2: i tot no
	layer_4: i do't kno
	layer_6: i don't know
	layer_8: i don't know
	layer_10: i don't know
	layer_12: i don't know

file: 1701-141759-0021.flac
expected: sonya smiled no
	layer_2: su yu smileds no
	layer_4: so yu smiles no
	layer_6: soya smiles no
	layer_8: sonya smiles no
	layer_10: sonya smiles no
	layer_12: sonya smiles no

file: 1701-141759-0022.flac
expected: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was how petya described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he meant natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_2: is becuen she was an loe withoaut fat on his spetocals that was or pituare dhescried his ne amsak the new co bos ucof ad now shes an loewiththou sngyur he met natashes it tlin seen master dha s wi shes a sheand
	layer_4: is becaone she was an lode withthat fagt one his speticales that was ho piture discryed his nam stik the new coute bisucoff and now she's an love with tu singer he mednatashes it tolan seegn master dhat'swye shes a shened
	layer_6: its becaue she was in love with that fat one is spectacles that was hor pecure descrayed his nemsak the new cot bazukoff and now she's an love with that singer he med natashes italliyan singing master that swhite she's ashaned
	layer_8: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her pecture discried his names sake the new cout bazukov and now she's in love with that singer he meade natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_10: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her piter described his namesake the new count bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he meade natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_12: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her piter described his namesake the new count bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he mede natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed

file: 1701-141759-0023.flac
expected: petya you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_2: patt yc youra scuped said hetash
	layer_4: pet you'r eschuperd said etacshar
	layer_6: petu you'rastupid said netashe
	layer_8: pee you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_10: petya you're stupid said natasha
	layer_12: petya you're a stupid said natasha

file: 1701-141759-0024.flac
expected: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhaylovna's hints at dinner
	layer_2: the con tessait be prepeard by anem ecolofnes heats at dennor
	layer_4: the conter s had ben propeared by anemmy coloveness hense at denner
	layer_6: the countess had been prepeared by anemicolovenous heanse at denner
	layer_8: the countess had been prepared by anami kalovna's hents at denne
	layer_10: the countess had been prepared by ani mikalovna's hints at deno
	layer_12: the countess had been prepared by ani mikalovna's hints at deno

file: 1701-141759-0025.flac
expected: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuffbox while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_2: o retiring to her on room she santin an arm shre her eis sxs t on imanitch apportret over sun on the litd of a snougf boks while the tears cet comninto her es
	layer_4: on retiring to her on room she sat idan arm cheere her eyes fixsd on i manutapportrat ov er son on the lid of a snogh boxs while the tears kep coming into her eyes
	layer_6: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm cheer her eyes fixed on a minutae portrat of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_8: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniture portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_10: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_12: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0026.flac
expected: the count put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_2: the cots pritis ea tof the ke hal and lissend
	layer_4: the cots pret his ear to the kyhole and lessent
	layer_6: the coats prut his ear to the key hole and lissened
	layer_8: the coats prut his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_10: the cats put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_12: the coits put his ear to the keyhole and listened

file: 1701-141759-0027.flac
expected: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anna mikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_2: at firsed e heare to soned of indifferent voicies then annime callovine's voce alon an a long speech then a cry then silans then bloth foice ies together with glid intinations and then fouot steps
	layer_4: at firshe heard te sond of indifferent voicies then anammycaloveiness voice alon an a long speech then a cry then silance then both foicies together with glid intineations and then foit steps
	layer_6: at first he heard a souned of indifferent voicies then anemmicalovenar's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then footsteps
	layer_8: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voses together with glad intenations and then fouotsteps
	layer_10: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_12: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps

file: 1701-141759-0028.flac
expected: anna mikhaylovna opened the door
	layer_2: anenmby olonor open thetdor
	layer_4: an inme coloeno open the door
	layer_6: anemicalovno opened the door
	layer_8: animi kalovna opened the door
	layer_10: animikalovna opened the door
	layer_12: anamikalovna opened the door

file: 1701-141759-0029.flac
expected: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_2: when she herdtis sonya blushed so that sers kim into her es and un abill to ber the logs turnde pon her ranaway into the dancin hol whor o d rindet at fhil speed with har drers poft ortli cabuloun and flushed and smily pluptd dine on tefloor
	layer_4: when she heardteis sona blushed so that ters kiminto her eyes and unable to bear the loks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall wher owld rindet at fill speed with her dreasst poftout ly cabeloone and flushed and smiling pluped dine on te floor
	layer_6: when she heard thiess sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lookes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall where od rined it at fill speed with her dreasse poffed outly ca balloon and flushed and smiling plupped downe on the floor
	layer_8: when she heard this soniya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the luks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirod round it at full speed with her dress poffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_10: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whird round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_12: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirld round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor

file: 1701-141759-0030.flac
expected: the countess was crying
	layer_2: the cun ters was crain
	layer_4: the conterse was crying
	layer_6: the contesse was crying
	layer_8: the contess was crying
	layer_10: the contess was crying
	layer_12: the countess was crying

file: 1701-141759-0031.flac
expected: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_2: forom al he says on should beglidad not cry
	layer_4: from aw he sayis one should beglade ad not cry
	layer_6: from a he says one shou be glad did not cry
	layer_8: from all he say s one should be glad and not cry
	layer_10: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_12: from all he says one should be glad and not cry

file: 1701-141759-0032.flac
expected: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_2: how charminly he de sgriybe said she rwutding te descript of partoithe letter and wat a soul
	layer_4: how charmingly he desgryb said she wredding the discripdt ove part oft the letter and what a soul
	layer_6: how charmingly he discribe said she reading the discriptive part of the letter and what a saul
	layer_8: how charmingly he described said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_10: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_12: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul

file: 1701-141759-0033.flac
expected: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_2: i allwes said when he was ony so hi i al was sait
	layer_4: i alwase said when he was only so high i all was said
	layer_6: i allways said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_8: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_10: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_12: i always said when he was only so high i always said

file: 8173-294714-0000.flac
expected: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_2: i have een toled that misther vembrat is in preson for det e said
	layer_4: i have ben told that mister vembran is inpresn for det i said
	layer_6: i hav been told that mister vembrant is in prison for debt i said
	layer_8: i hav been told that mister vanmbrant is in prison for debt i said
	layer_10: i have been told that mister vanbrant is in prison for debt i said
	layer_12: i have been told that mister vanbrand is in prison for debt i said

file: 8173-294714-0001.flac
expected: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_2: and i solformy self las nig that he hd lefh  you hoples
	layer_4: and i sol fro yself last knight that he had left you hopeless
	layer_6: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_8: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_10: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hepeless
	layer_12: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless

file: 8173-294714-0002.flac
expected: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_2: ci afh me the little mony he had with him wen he was arested she rehoine saply
	layer_4: in lefh me the little money he had with him when he was arested she recoine sadly
	layer_6: e lef me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_8: left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_10: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_12: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly

file: 8173-294714-0003.flac
expected: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_2: his crol crettiteres a mord to blaindhe he is for the poverty that his fallan oneus
	layer_4: his crel crediters ae more toblaned in he is for the poverty that his fallanonus
	layer_6: his cruel creditors are more to planed han he is for the poverty that his fallen on us
	layer_8: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_10: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_12: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us

file: 8173-294714-0004.flac
expected: even this negative defense of van brandt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_2: even tiss naggeten to fencsof then brat stonmy to the quik i oh to have bokin wore gartesly of him my said biterly
	layer_4: even thess neggedene to fence of tan brapt stung me to the quick i oughto have spoken wore gardedly of him y said biterly
	layer_6: even this neggadint ofense if ven brape stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_8: even this negadant defense ofe anbrap stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_10: even this negatant defence ofe anbrapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_12: even this negatant defence of anbrampt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly

file: 8173-294714-0005.flac
expected: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can inflict on her when he is the man whom she loves
	layer_2: i oxto haver memberd that ar wiomin cin for gav halml s any rong than a man can in softn her when hears an man whom she lehs
	layer_4: i out to have r membered that a woman kin forgaive almost any rong than a man can an sift on her when he s han man whom she loves
	layer_6: i ought to have remembered that ar woman kin forgive almost any wrong than a man can in slifed on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_8: i ought to have remembered that a woman kan forgive almost any wrong than a man can enclifft on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_10: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can enflict on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_12: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can enflict on her when he is a man whom she loves

file: 8173-294714-0006.flac
expected: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_2: sheplet her hend o my mouth and stoptme thefori could sayiany more
	layer_4: she pletd her hand o my mouth and stop mne tbefore i could say any more
	layer_6: she plut her hand on my mouth and stopp me before i could say any more
	layer_8: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_10: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_12: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more

file: 8173-294714-0007.flac
expected: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_2: hating us piek so crulis ime she ast
	layer_4: haking yousbeak so cruly some she aske
	layer_6: how kang you seak so cruely to me she asked
	layer_8: how can you speak so cruely to me she asked
	layer_10: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_12: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked

file: 8173-294714-0008.flac
expected: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_2: you know to my shame i confestithyou the las me wy mt you kno that my heart in secrit is all yrs
	layer_4: you know to my shame i canfest it  you the last home we met you know that my heart in secrit is all yors
	layer_6: you know to my shame i confesst it to you the last thome we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_8: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_10: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_12: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours

file: 8173-294714-0009.flac
expected: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_2: what brong a you taptking o
	layer_4: wat rong are you taking ogh
	layer_6: what wrong are you talking ough
	layer_8: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_10: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_12: what wrong are you talking of

file: 8173-294714-0010.flac
expected: is it the wrong i suffered when van brandt married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_2: is it the rog a suffered wenvan brat maride ne with a wife living at the tin and living sti
	layer_4: is it the rong i suffered when van brant maried me with a wife living at the time and living stil
	layer_6: is it the wrog i suffered when van brant married mee with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_8: is it the wrog i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_10: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_12: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still

file: 8173-294714-0011.flac
expected: do you think i can ever forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_2: d yous think kcanover foreget the great asortionomf my life the mispornt an that hus mageme ounmwore the aof you
	layer_4: do ous think i canoter forget the greatnessfortion of my life the missfortune that has made me unwor the of you
	layer_6: do you think i canoever forget the greatmesfortion of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_8: do you think i can never forget the great misfortiun of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_10: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_12: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you

file: 8173-294714-0012.flac
expected: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who is playing out there with her doll is my child
	layer_2: it is no falglt of mine god nows but it is not the les tru that i a not mryd and that the lttle jarling wo was pling out ther with her dalt as my child
	layer_4: it is no falt if mined god knows but it is not the les true that i am not maried and that the little darling who was plaing out ther with her dall os my child
	layer_6: it is no fault if mind god nowse but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll ow's my child
	layer_8: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll ow's my child
	layer_10: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll owes my child
	layer_12: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll owes my child

file: 8173-294714-0013.flac
expected: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_2: and yu tolk of my bin your wie noing tat the chald exseps means her secon father i said
	layer_4: and you talk of my being your waife noing that the chilled excepts me as her second father i said
	layer_6: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child axcepts me as her second father i said
	layer_8: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_10: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_12: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said

file: 8173-294714-0014.flac
expected: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as the child pride she repeated
	layer_2: it woul be buetter and hap bear for as bot if hou hat as lttle prid as if chilt prit she repete
	layer_4: it would be better and hap yaur for us both if you had as little pried as e child pried she repete
	layer_6: it would be better in haper for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_8: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_10: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_12: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated

file: 8173-294714-0015.flac
expected: in such a position as mine
	layer_2: in such a posision its myi
	layer_4: in such a position as mine
	layer_6: in such a position as mid
	layer_8: in such a position as mine
	layer_10: in such a position as mine
	layer_12: in such a position as mine

file: 8173-294714-0016.flac
expected: a helpless woman with a mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_2: e helpless womin with the mok usten in prisen fordet
	layer_4: a helpless woman with tha mock husbeen in prison for det
	layer_6: a helpless woman with te mack husband in prison for debt
	layer_8: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_10: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_12: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt

file: 8173-294714-0017.flac
expected: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_2: ant ight to mary you fom my het an shelter
	layer_4: an ih to marry you for my fout an shalt er
	layer_6: inm i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_8: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_10: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_12: am i to marry you for my food and shelter

file: 8173-294714-0018.flac
expected: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_2: ind mi ta mary you becuser's nowl loful ti thut byi ancs we to the father f my child
	layer_4: and mig to marr you because thers no lowful ti that by ince ne to the father of my child
	layer_6: ind my to marry you because thereis no lawful tie that byance me to the father of my child
	layer_8: am i to marry you because there s no lawfull tie that bians me to the father of my child
	layer_10: am i to marry you because theres no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_12: am i to marry you because there's no lawfull tie that binds me to the father of my child

file: 8173-294714-0019.flac
expected: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_2: bat is he s he is not for saken me he is been forsetaway
	layer_4: boat is he is he has not for saken me he has been force taway
	layer_6: bat as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_8: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_10: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_12: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away

file: 8173-294714-0020.flac
expected: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_2: ma onwy friend is tat possible that you thinkwe ungray ful anough to consen to beyar wie
	layer_4: mih onwly frient is it possiple that you think me ungraful enough to concent to be yar wife
	layer_6: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_8: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_10: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_12: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife

file: 8173-294714-0021.flac
expected: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_2: the womin an mi citouation must be hartles inded whookol destrorour plase in the astimation of t e world in the regart of e friencs
	layer_4: the woman in my situation must be heartless indd who coud dastroy er place in the astimation of the world in the regard of yo friense
	layer_6: the woman and my situation must be heartless indeed who couldestroy our place in the estimation of the world in the regard of you friends
	layer_8: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world ind the regard of your friends
	layer_10: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_12: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world ind the regard of your friends

file: 8173-294714-0022.flac
expected: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_2: the recced es cpretur thot waxsastredso which rink from triding ouan thout way
	layer_4: theu reched its creature that walkestreds which sringk from triting you in that way
	layer_6: the rechedue creature that walks the streeds whuch shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_8: the wretchedous creature that walks the streets would shrink from trating you in that way
	layer_10: the wretchedous creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_12: the wretchedous creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way

file: 8173-294714-0023.flac
expected: oh what are men made of
	layer_2: a whatter mhen mat uf
	layer_4: o whater men mad of
	layer_6: noh what ar men made of
	layer_8: noh what are men made of
	layer_10: no what are men made of
	layer_12: no what are men made of

file: 8173-294714-0024.flac
expected: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_2: hom can yyou hro tangio speak of e
	layer_4: how can you h'l cang you speak of it
	layer_6: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_8: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_10: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_12: how can you how can you speak of it

file: 8173-294714-0025.flac
expected: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_2: a yeul ded an spok if it no moare
	layer_4: a yel did and spooke of it no more
	layer_6: i yel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_8: i yel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_10: i yelded and spoke of it no more
	layer_12: i yelded and spoke of it no more

file: 8173-294714-0026.flac
expected: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_2: every wor he uttered only ingcresd my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had lopet ad lost
	layer_4: every word she uttred anly incresed my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_6: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_8: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_10: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ie had loved and lost
	layer_12: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost

file: 8173-294714-0027.flac
expected: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_2: biterly as i haded te man wim e parenusts and lotr dearly anough to be even kapeble of phoping him for her sake holessionvachuation
	layer_4: bitterly as i hated the man who aparted us i love her dearly anough to be even capable of halping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_6: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_8: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_10: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_12: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation

file: 8173-294714-0028.flac
expected: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_2: i don't do nid i dont excusit whopless ind batcuration you havfor give me i said
	layer_4: i don't doni it i don't excuseit hopless in fatturation you have orgiven me i said
	layer_6: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless in vatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_8: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless invatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_10: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_12: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said

file: 8173-294714-0029.flac
expected: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_2: lat mad deserof to be forgiven
	layer_4: let me deserove to be forgiven
	layer_6: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_8: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_10: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_12: let me deserve to be forgiven

file: 8173-294714-0030.flac
expected: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_2: it a sumthinto bear on friend
	layer_4: it as something to be ar ongly friend
	layer_6: it is something to be ur only friend
	layer_8: it is something to be our only friend
	layer_10: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_12: it is something to be your only friend

file: 8173-294714-0031.flac
expected: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_2: you must hav plancse fer thaf huthur tell me unreservedly how i cin help ou
	layer_4: you must havp planse wor the uture tell me unreservidly how i can hepyou
	layer_6: you must have plauns for the future tell me unreservedly how i can helpe you
	layer_8: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_10: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_12: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you

file: 8173-294714-0032.flac
expected: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_2: compled te ood wor that yu hae begon sheanswer grat fully healt me bact to heuf
	layer_4: conmpled the good work that you have tbegun she answer gratfully hel me backd to helf
	layer_6: conpleded the good work that you have begun she answered gratfully help me back to halth
	layer_8: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_10: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_12: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health

file: 8173-294714-0033.flac
expected: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_2: make me stroginof to suid mit to adocters estimet of mychantsofflivhing for someyarset
	layer_4: nake me strong in ogh to sidmit to a doctors estiment of my chensis om living for some yearsyet
	layer_6: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimite of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_8: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_10: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_12: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet

file: 8173-294714-0034.flac
expected: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_2: a doctrs asto mat of yur chancees ofvliving ir repetid whadyou mean
	layer_4: a docter's astomate of your chances of living i repetid what d you mean
	layer_6: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_8: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_10: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_12: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean

file: 8173-294714-0035.flac
expected: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_2: i hearly now hadt tell u she said without sbeking agin of misther en brent
	layer_4: i hardly now had to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_6: i hardly know howd to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_8: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_10: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_12: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant

file: 8173-294714-0036.flac
expected: does speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_2: tispeaking of him agan min spicing of histet y ast
	layer_4: tespeaking of him again nean speaking of his det sy ast
	layer_6: despeaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_8: des speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_10: des speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_12: des speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked

file: 8173-294714-0037.flac
expected: why need you hesitate
	layer_2: why me tyo haeditet
	layer_4: why me dyo heditepd
	layer_6: why me dyo hed ataptd
	layer_8: why me you huetapte
	layer_10: why meed you heitate
	layer_12: why mee you hetitate

file: 8173-294714-0038.flac
expected: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties
	layer_2: you know thet thers nothing hiv wl not tu to aleave yor ing s itys
	layer_4: you know that there is nothing i will not dou to aleve your ensietye
	layer_6: you know that there is nothing i will not do to eleave your insietyee
	layer_8: you know that there is nothing i will not do to eleave your anxiety
	layer_10: you know that there is nothing i will not do to elieave your anxiety
	layer_12: you know that there is nothing i will not do to elieve your anxiety

file: 8173-294714-0039.flac
expected: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_2: nefer lat we tellyu the ptlantro
	layer_4: negher let me tell you e plan troue
	layer_6: never let me tell you a plain truf
	layer_8: never let me tell you a plain truth
	layer_10: never let me tell you a plain truth
	layer_12: never let me tell you a plain truth

file: 8173-294714-0040.flac
expected: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_2: ther is a serius nissusit fer his geting out of prisen
	layer_4: there is a serious neseusity for his getting out of prison
	layer_6: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_8: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_10: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_12: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison

file: 8173-294714-0041.flac
expected: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_2: yes dhisiss his pusition in tow worts a littale walsencshe a tand en exslan offer of en ploiman abrod thom mar rich rello thive ef his and heahd man all his arangemens t excupti
	layer_4: yes this is his position in two woreds a little while sence he atained en eccelland offer of in ploimen abroad from ar rich rellitive of his and he had man all his arrangemens to eccuptit
	layer_6: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he abtained an excellent offer of empoynment a broad from a rich relative of his and he had man all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_8: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employtment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had maine all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_10: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_12: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it

file: 8173-294714-0042.flac
expected: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_2: hapaly he ereturnt telli of as goivforton and isaime day he was arested for dect
	layer_4: an happily he return o tellme of is good fortun and as same day he was arested for dept
	layer_6: anhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and a same day he was arrested for dept
	layer_8: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_10: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_12: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt

file: 8173-294714-0043.flac
expected: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_2: this nard that hadbeen set for her wits plaing le reofveld in tust wareworts
	layer_4: this nari that had been set for her with cplainly revild in thos warwords
	layer_6: thi snarr that had been set for her wis plainly revealed in those fwarwords
	layer_8: the s mar that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those fwarwords
	layer_10: the smari that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those fr words
	layer_12: the smare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those far words

file: 8173-294714-0044.flac
expected: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_2: in the i of the la she was of courses a sendge womon she was of aige she was to allantens and perpaces her own mistret
	layer_4: in the i of the la she was of course as sengle woman she was of atage she was to all antenseand perposes her own mistres
	layer_6: in the eye of the la she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intens and purposes her own mistress
	layer_8: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intends and purposes her own mistress
	layer_10: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_12: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress

file: 8173-294714-0045.flac
expected: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give van brandt a direct interest in her death
	layer_2: what was there tederevont herfom aind shuring hreligtf if shepleasd and fromso toisposing of the inshurans a sty gad fam bret a to rect inthrist in her dath
	layer_4: what was there to grevrent her from in shuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the inshurns as ty give fambran an tdo rect interest in her death
	layer_6: what was there to revent her from inshuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurns as to give fampera ad direct interest in her death
	layer_8: what was there to revent her from insurring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give fampera a direct interest in her death
	layer_10: what was there to prevent her from insurring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vampra a direct interest in her death
	layer_12: what was there to prevent her from insurring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vampra a direct interest in her death

file: 8173-294714-0046.flac
expected: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_2: thinks to the happe axcidn of myphisicion the one certan way a pretecting her ly easanly with e ma reach
	layer_4: things to the happy acciden of myposition theg one certain way a protecting her lay easanly with themyreach
	layer_6: things to the happy accident of my position the one certain way a protecting her lay easenly with tin my reach
	layer_8: things to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_10: thinks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_12: thinks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach

file: 8173-294714-0047.flac
expected: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_2: i could offor to len the scoundrwl the mony t a he wornte en an ours notis an he was amanto excepmy repose ale quit tits asaly as i coucd maket
	layer_4: i could offer to len the scoundral the money that he wanted an an ouris notis an he was amanto except my preposeall quite is easily as i could mak it
	layer_6: i could offered to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted an an ours notice and he was aman to except my proposal quite tats easily as i could make it
	layer_8: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hours notice and he was a man to eccept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_10: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_12: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it

file: 8173-294714-0048.flac
expected: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_2: you r quit was stiken  replied
	layer_4: you are quit mis dake en er repliede
	layer_6: you are quite mis taken i replied
	layer_8: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_10: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_12: you are quite mistaken i replied

file: 8173-294714-0049.flac
expected: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_2: i amaonly dowing whethyar plime fher releaving nisserven bront of his einbarsnence is quites ussimplase suppos
	layer_4: i am only doubting whathey or plime for releving nistere van brant of his imberasmente is quites e simpolosy suppose
	layer_6: i am only doubting whether your pliue for relieving nistur van brant of his embarrassments is quite sa sympleosy suppose
	layer_8: i am only doubting whether your plim for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_10: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_12: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose

file: 8173-294714-0050.flac
expected: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_2: i youawre of e delays that er li ely to take place befor ible ye possible to barm monyuing epaolise oveend shurentce
	layer_4: ie you awere of the delay e that or likely to take place before ible ye possible to barw money oin a policy ofan surnce
	layer_6: are you aware of the delaye that are likely to take place before itwill be possible to barow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_8: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_10: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of ensurance
	layer_12: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of ensurance

file: 8173-294714-0051.flac
expected: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_2: i knon nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_4: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_6: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_8: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_10: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_12: i know nothing about it she said sadly

file: 8173-294714-0052.flac
expected: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_2: wiel yoe let me ast id vice of mythorses
	layer_4: wi you let me asked advice of my tlowyrs
	layer_6: wil you let me asked advice of my lowyers
	layer_8: will you let me ask  advice of my lawyers
	layer_10: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_12: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers

file: 8173-294714-0053.flac
expected: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_2: they are crust wery anexsperiansd men and im sur they con be of hus tu
	layer_4: they are trustwhare ly anexperiancet men and i am sure they con be of huse to you
	layer_6: they are trust werty unexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_8: they are trustwarthy anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_10: they are trustworthy an experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_12: they are trustworthy an experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you

file: 8173-294714-0054.flac
expected: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_2: carsious sly as i had xpest myself her dele casey tiok te alarm
	layer_4: casiously as i had expessed myself her delicassy tiok the alarm
	layer_6: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicay took the larm
	layer_8: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_10: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_12: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm

file: 8173-294714-0055.flac
expected: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_2: promis at you wolnt astnmy to baro mony of ou fr mischr f em branc he re joind and owil exceptou helpd grapuly
	layer_4: promis hat you won't asked me to barw money of heuw for misther vembrance she wrejoined and o wil except your helpd grapfully
	layer_6: promise that you won't asked me to borrow money of you for mister venbranc she rejoined and i will axcept your help gratfully
	layer_8: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister vanbrance she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_10: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you from mister vanbrandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_12: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you from mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully

file: 8173-294714-0056.flac
expected: i could honestly promise that
	layer_2: i cold oanissly pomans hact
	layer_4: i could honosly promis thactk
	layer_6: i could honestly promise that
	layer_8: i could honestly promise that
	layer_10: i could honestly promise that
	layer_12: i could honestly promise that

file: 8173-294714-0057.flac
expected: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue
	layer_2: my one chaencs of saving her lay keeping from her nallge to corse a had nowt do turmin ticrso
	layer_4: my one chance of saving her lay n keeping from her knolege the corsea a had nout determineto cprsu
	layer_6: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge tho courstha i had now determined to cusu
	layer_8: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue
	layer_10: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the coursethat i had now determined to pursue
	layer_12: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue

file: 8173-294714-0058.flac
expected: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_2: i rose to go whln marresolitionstil sustaimet my
	layer_4: i rose to go while my resolition still sustaime d me
	layer_6: i rosed to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_8: i rose to go while my resolutions still sustained me
	layer_10: i rose to go while my resolutions still sustained me
	layer_12: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me

file: 8173-294714-0059.flac
expected: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_2: kis e she wasprd whefoyou gow
	layer_4: kiss ne she wasprd whefore you go
	layer_6: kissed ny she whispered before you go
	layer_8: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_10: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_12: kiss me she whispered before you go

file: 8173-294714-0060.flac
expected: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_2: it is anly her good nes se ofer powrousme
	layer_4: it as only her goodnes shat over powerse me
	layer_6: it is only her goodness that over powers me
	layer_8: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_10: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_12: it is only her goodness that overpowers me

file: 6267-53049-0000.flac
expected: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_2: its a sa ting forbytdy tolack brains when shye ance tr be uteeatur isenti
	layer_4: its a set thing for a byty to lackt brains whend she wance to be ateature is enti
	layer_6: its a sat thing for a body to lak brains wen she wants to be a teacher isn'tid
	layer_8: it's a sad thing for a body to lat brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_10: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_12: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it

file: 6267-53049-0001.flac
expected: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the older sister wistfully
	layer_2: then a lo phet has det  so hard aorl wentor at she has and gonme any were a the alther se ster wist fuoe
	layer_4: be ha lope has daneth sou hard aorl winter at she has an'd gone anywere jhald thee alther sister wist fuly
	layer_6: bhen elopi has taid so hard al winter at she hasn't gone anywhere joed the older sister wistfully
	layer_8: when alope has stu id so hard or winter ant she hasn't gone anywhere jo the oder sister wistfully
	layer_10: bhenalope has studit so hard ll winter and she hasn't gone anywhere jod the elder sister wistfully
	layer_12: when alopi has studiet so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere jod the elder sister wistfully

file: 6267-53049-0002.flac
expected: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_2: doris remed of preatetresses olthad night and tod abut them al the nex da
	layer_4: dories remed of preatitresses al tet night and thoght abolt them all the next day
	layer_6: doris dreamed of pretitresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_8: doris dreamed of pretiresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_10: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_12: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day

file: 6267-53049-0003.flac
expected: so it must be confessed did penelope though she would not have admitted it for the world
	layer_2: soh it must becon fhas ti penilo be ou she would not havled mitet at fr the ont
	layer_4: so it must be confas thid penilo e thog she would not have ad mightidt aiit far the want
	layer_6: so it must be confast did penelopy though she would not have atmight id it for the wont
	layer_8: so it must be confssed did penalopi though she would not have admigted it for the word
	layer_10: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have admited it for the wont
	layer_12: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have admited it for the wolt

file: 6267-53049-0004.flac
expected: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_2: she nu dat ten ano pbe had startit olt to say a new dres
	layer_4: she knewthat enaope had startid out to saye anew dress
	layer_6: she knew that penelopy had started out to say a new dress
	layer_8: she knew that penelopi had started out to sa a new dress
	layer_10: she knew that penelopi had started out to sayl a new dress
	layer_12: she knew that penelopi had started out to sayl a new dress

file: 6267-53049-0005.flac
expected: doris hunter i believe it's an old quilt
	layer_2: doris chanter i belive its an old qud
	layer_4: doris hnter i belive its and ald quil
	layer_6: dor is hunter i believe its an out qualed
	layer_8: doris hunter i believe it's an out quil
	layer_10: doris hunter i believe it's an out quil
	layer_12: doris hunter i believe it's an out quilt

file: 6267-53049-0006.flac
expected: listen penelope my dear doris
	layer_2: i sonme tenalo the my dear dois
	layer_4: lseme panalopphe my dear dorris
	layer_6: lisene panelopi my dear dories
	layer_8: listene panalopi my dear dorries
	layer_10: listen paniloi my dear dorris
	layer_12: listen panilopi my dear dorris

file: 6267-53049-0007.flac
expected: love to penelope and yourself
	layer_2: lofe to penin o and your sen
	layer_4: lovf to pen iope and your sef
	layer_6: love to penelob and yourself
	layer_8: love to penilove and yourself
	layer_10: love to penilov and yourself
	layer_12: love to penilov and yourself

file: 6267-53049-0008.flac
expected: your affectionate aunt adella hunter
	layer_2: you afectioat aund a thi a hant
	layer_4: your affectionat ount at the ihantr
	layer_6: your affectionate ount adelahanter
	layer_8: your affectionate ount adela haunter
	layer_10: your affectionate ount ade la hanter
	layer_12: your affectionate ount adela hanter

file: 6267-53049-0009.flac
expected: i don't see its beauty said penelope with a grimace
	layer_2: i don' se ts buty sat then an opy with agry
	layer_4: i don' cy its beauty sait thn alopy weth acgry
	layer_6: i don't see its beauty saidt then a lopy wet a grea
	layer_8: i don't see it's beauty said ten alopi wheet a grat
	layer_10: i don't see it's beauty said penalopy whit a gray
	layer_12: i don't see it's beauty said penelopy whit a gray

file: 6267-53049-0010.flac
expected: it may have been pretty once but it is all faded now
	layer_2: ito may have been preaty aons lut it is alld sitid no
	layer_4: it may have been preaty ance bat it is allsi did now
	layer_6: it may have been pretty woncs but it is allsided now
	layer_8: it may have been pretty once but it is allsided now
	layer_10: it may have been pretty once but it is all sided now
	layer_12: it may have been pretty once but it is all sided now

file: 6267-53049-0011.flac
expected: tell me dorrie does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_2: tor me dory tousi arwo alack of proporryspactfur my unsustorse that thi cant fel very and tosieuste alver des har lon hespetially en grund mother onter dit eears befor i was bor
	layer_4: teor me dory tos it argoe alack of croporiyspect for my unsustors that i can't el very antosiastic over dise har lom hespesially en grund mather honter dit ears before i was bor
	layer_6: ter me dory does it argu a lack of croperespect for my unsestors that i can't feel very antusiastic over this harloom especially when grund mother unter diedt ears before i was bord
	layer_8: tell me dory does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ansestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this hair loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_10: tell me dorry does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this har loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_12: tell me dory does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this harloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born

file: 6267-53049-0012.flac
expected: it was very kind of aunt adella to send it said doris dutifully
	layer_2: it was tvhery gindo and ut their it tosende sai doris dty foy
	layer_4: it was very kindof anmd a there uto cendet said toris dty fory
	layer_6: it was very kind of und adeirlae to sendid saitd doris duti fully
	layer_8: it was very kind of aunt adela to send it said dorris dutyfully
	layer_10: it was very kind of aunt adela to send it said dorris dutyfully
	layer_12: it was very kind of aunt adela to send it said dorris dutyfully

file: 6267-53049-0013.flac
expected: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelope
	layer_2: why the ron'sid ies ever so much pretyur thandor ightd sclaind bna  opy
	layer_4: why the rong side is ever so much pretier than er ight is claind penaopy
	layer_6: why the wrongside is ever so much pretier than the right es claimed penelopy
	layer_8: why the wrongside is ever so much pretier than the right exclaimed penalopi
	layer_10: why the wrong side is ever so much preettier than the right exclaimed penelopi
	layer_12: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelopi

file: 6267-53049-0014.flac
expected: what lovely old timey stuff and not a bit faded
	layer_2: hat lovely alds dyi y stufs at not  bet sade
	layer_4: what lovely alds dimy stuff at not abet sadit
	layer_6: what lovely olld dimy stuff at not a beat sad id
	layer_8: what lovely olt dimy stuff at not a beat sad ed
	layer_10: what lovely old dimy stuff at not a beat saddet
	layer_12: what lovely old dimy stuff at not a beat saddet

file: 6267-53049-0015.flac
expected: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_2: i e cler it is as grd ans mu
	layer_4: i declar it is as god as mou
	layer_6: ideclar it is as good as mnew
	layer_8: i declare it is as good ads mu
	layer_10: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_12: i declare it is as good as new

file: 6267-53049-0016.flac
expected: well let us go and have tea said penelope i'm decidedly hungry
	layer_2: welr letthase go an haste said en a lopy i e si ti le hounry
	layer_4: wel let as ga and ha cheep said ani lopy i te sididly hungry
	layer_6: well letus go and halv ceep said penelopy i decitedle hungry
	layer_8: well let us go and have cheep said penalopi i decidedly hungry
	layer_10: well let us go and have cheap said pennilopi i decidedly hungry
	layer_12: well let us go and have cheapd said pennelopi i decidedly hungry

file: 6267-53049-0017.flac
expected: besides i see the poverty pucker coming
	layer_2: hesit i se the baverte ocered comin
	layer_4: esites i see the poverte bpoccared coming
	layer_6: besides i see the bover ty boccel coming
	layer_8: besides i see the poverty boclr coming
	layer_10: besides i see the poverty boce coming
	layer_12: besides i see the boverty boker coming

file: 6267-53049-0018.flac
expected: it is something to possess an heirloom after all
	layer_2: it isomtin to ases an hard nlon ofter o
	layer_4: it tis sameting to poses an harlon after al
	layer_6: it is something to porses and har lone after all
	layer_8: it is something to posses and har long after all
	layer_10: it is something to vossis and har long after all
	layer_12: it is something to vossis and her long after all

file: 6267-53049-0019.flac
expected: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart could wish when doris flashed out upon her triumphantly on the evening of the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation of dainty rose besprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_2: then a l o be waso brise as mighch as the dender sistirly heart chod resete wherandoris flrlihedoult opon her ton fiantly an the ivening on dhe bparty re the blrecxs curt nisly pras and re hang and the prekist waceti maginamer a was that was a positivcration f theant urostas princo sik we o grtrel ant nots of lackvetr
	layer_4: ben alope wasolr prise as much as the tander sistirly heart cood wesiu te where dories flaished out upon her twon fantly and the ivening on the party win the blracxscur nisely prass and re hung and the pretest wasd i maginar a waysd that was a positif cration f theit urosbas princle silk with a gurtl and nots of lack veve
	layer_6: phen elopy wasr prise as much as the tender sisterly heard cood wis te when doris flashed out upon her twoon fanly and the evening on the party winh the blacks cird nicely pressd and rea hung and the pretest wastdimaginaer awast that was a positive cration of thain ye rosbas prinkled silk with oa girtel and nouts of black velve
	layer_8: penelopy wasurprized as much as the tender sisterly herd coold wich when doris flashed out upon her twooanly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettest waste imagineab a wast that was a positive creation on of thene he rosbas sprinkled silk with a girdle and nots of black velve
	layer_10: penelopi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert could wish when dorris flashed out upon her two fantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waste imaginable a waist that was a positive creation oof then the rosbessprinkled silk with a girdle and nots of black velvet
	layer_12: penelopi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert could wishte when dorris flashed out upon her two fantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waste imaginable a waist that was a positive creation on of then te rosbessprinkled silk with a girdle and nots of black velvet

file: 6267-53049-0020.flac
expected: so penelope went to blanche's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_2: so then a ote when to blansparty and her trasas drd muration o avery gur ther
	layer_4: so pen alope whent to blane sparty and her trass was thear muration of every gr ther
	layer_6: so phen elopi went to blang sparty and her dress was the admuration of every gir ther
	layer_8: so phenalopi went to blanchs sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_10: so penalopi went to blanch's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_12: so penalopi went to blanch's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there

file: 6267-53049-0021.flac
expected: penelope thought her altogether charming
	layer_2: wen e lo besold hr alt to geale shar ming
	layer_4: when the lo besold her alt to gether sarming
	layer_6: when he lov besod her utogether sharming
	layer_8: when helove besowed her altogether sharming
	layer_10: whene lov besowed her altogether charming
	layer_12: whene lo besowed her altogether charming

file: 6267-53049-0022.flac
expected: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself
	layer_2: she losas if she had justs thapd ot off the fra o some lovely olt beatr she sait to her sen
	layer_4: she loses if she had justs thapt out of the fram of some lovely olt peature she sayde to her sen
	layer_6: she lops as if she had justs thapd out of the frame of some lovely alt pechere she say to herself
	layer_8: she looses us if she had just  that out of the frame of some lovely oult peachere she say to herself
	layer_10: she looks us if she had just staped out of the frame of some lovely oultpeiture she sayd to herself
	layer_12: she looks us if she had just stapped out of the frame of some lovely oultpeiture she sayd to herself

file: 6267-53049-0023.flac
expected: my aunt adella gave me gave us the material she stammered
	layer_2: mhy ont a thila gat me geve aus thr mottia she stamr
	layer_4: my ount attherla gate me geve as ther moter ia she stamryd
	layer_6: my ount adela gave me geve us ther moteriol she stamorit
	layer_8: my aunt adela gave me gave us ther material she stammerd
	layer_10: my aunt adela give me give us ther material she stammered
	layer_12: my aunt adela give me give us ther material she stammered

file: 6267-53049-0024.flac
expected: i am named after her missus fairweather suddenly put her arm about penelope and drew the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_2: ind nheamed aftor her misis fair wather sutenlypot her arm abot penal oby and j thyun grd to her harlovely old sface ad glow wetdelihdt and denserness
	layer_4: im named after her missis fairwater soenly pot her arm about benalope and duh the yung gir to her her lovely old face ad glow with delihd and tenderness
	layer_6: i am named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopi and rud the young girld to her her lovely old face a glow with delight and tenderness
	layer_8: i am named after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penalopi and drowdeh the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_10: i am named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopi and ruwt the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_12: i am named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopi and rewt the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness

file: 6267-53049-0025.flac
expected: then you are my grandniece she said
	layer_2: the you ar mi grunt nese she sai
	layer_4: the you are miy grunt nese she said
	layer_6: the you are my grand nees she said
	layer_8: then you are my grandt niece she said
	layer_10: then you are my grand niece she said
	layer_12: then you are my grand niece she said

file: 6267-53049-0026.flac
expected: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud silk if i came across it in thibet
	layer_2: when i soy o treas i tun sur you were of  lahtet to har i shouldricld nid that ter os bo s if i camo cros d intey bet
	layer_4: when i sowwyour tress i felt sure you were ary lited to her i should ricog nide that er os bod sear if i cam acros it intebat
	layer_6: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were relihted to her i should recognite that ros but sel if i came across it in tebet
	layer_8: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosbad sil if i came across it in tebeth
	layer_10: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosbud sil if i came across it in tibath
	layer_12: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosbud sil if i came across it in tibet

file: 6267-53049-0027.flac
expected: penelope was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_2: thand han alpe was for yers alltered then i was bhut we wr thefaltit to eachadher
	layer_4: an al ope was for years allter than i was bhat wewere thevoltit to each ather
	layer_6: en elopy was four years alder than i was but we were devoulted to each other
	layer_8: an alopi was four years olter than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_10: analopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_12: analopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other

file: 6267-53049-0028.flac
expected: soon after this our mother died and our household was broken up
	layer_2: so nofsto dte shourd myther did and  our hals ald was broken o
	layer_4: so noghter desour mother died and ourhos alled was broken ap
	layer_6: son after des hour mother died and our hus ald was broken up
	layer_8: son after dhisour mother died and our house hald was broken up
	layer_10: soon after disour mother died and our house hald was broken up
	layer_12: soon after disour mother died and our house hald was broken up

file: 6267-53049-0029.flac
expected: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_2: whi tyea i m ol sary longly ald womrn we hno b ide b lon in to me
	layer_4: my tear i a mosry longly ald womern wehs no byty belongin to me
	layer_6: my dear i amosery longly alld woman wihs no bady belonging to me
	layer_8: my dear i am o ery longly old woman wih no body belonging to me
	layer_10: my dear i am a very lonly old woman wich nobody belonging to me
	layer_12: my dear i am a very lonly old woman wich no body belonging to me

file: 6267-53049-0030.flac
expected: now she patted missus fairweather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_2: nowt she baten mesus fir wethers sofd alld han a fectioatly
	layer_4: now she paten missus fire wethers soft alld han affectionatly
	layer_6: now she patene missus fare wothers soft old hand affectionatly
	layer_8: now she patened missus farwother's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_10: now she patered missus fairwether's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_12: now she pattered missus fairwether's soft old hand affectionately

file: 6267-53049-0031.flac
expected: doris and penelope found their lives and plans changed in the twinkling of an eye
	layer_2: noris and bena ope falnt torleaves and plas canged in the tint clein of one i
	layer_4: doris and penaopy fant terleves and plans changed in the twint cling of an i
	layer_6: doris and penelopi found their leaves and plancs changed in the twint cling of aney
	layer_8: doris and panalopi found their leaves and plans changed in the twene cling of an ey
	layer_10: dorris and panelopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twent cling of an ey
	layer_12: dorris and panelopi found their leaves and plans changed in the twent cling of an eye

file: 6267-53049-0032.flac
expected: when missus fairweather had gone doris and penelope looked at each other
	layer_2: when missus fir weterl hat gon dorisand ben alo be looked at ecorder
	layer_4: when mssus fir weather had gone doris and pen alobe loked at ech arder
	layer_6: when missus far weter had gone doris and pena lopy looked at each other
	layer_8: when missus farwether had gone dories and penalopi looked at each other
	layer_10: when missus fairwedther had gone dorris and penelopi looked at each other
	layer_12: when missus fairwedther had gone dorries and penelopi looked at each other

file: 6267-65525-0000.flac
expected: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from below
	layer_2: at she slapetintl her rle brein t oftanon dreas her und cald to har frawm be low
	layer_4: at she sleaed into her blu pren after non drass her unt calld to her fram belo
	layer_6: at she sliped into her bluew brint afternon dress her aunt cauldt to her from bilaw
	layer_8: as she sliped into her blue brint afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billaw
	layer_10: as she slipped into her blue brint afternoon dress her aunt called to her from bila
	layer_12: as she slipped into her blue brinkt afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billa

file: 6267-65525-0001.flac
expected: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clinging to the other
	layer_2: i' gane wastending hat the ford of the sters wich a lampin one hand and the eure alld bayy bey clangging to the other
	layer_4: a genwastanding at the fot of the stars with a lamping one hand and the ear all ba be clanging to the other
	layer_6: l janewas standing at the fort of the stars wich alamp in one hand and the year olld baby clanging to the other
	layer_8: unt jane was standing at the foort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_10: aunt jane was standing at the foort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and ta year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_12: aunt jane was standing at the foort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clanging to the other

file: 6267-65525-0002.flac
expected: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_2: she as o tek shape plis omone we the ron good nachred face jrfor and voer as the son flower was ome t jain at all dimes and ocasiens
	layer_4: she as ha beck shaplis womene weh te roun good nigturet face cherfor and voler as e son flower was ondt jain at all times and occasioncs
	layer_6: she was a bigk shaples woman with taroun good natured face cheerfor and voler as a sun flower was owndto jain at all times and occasions
	layer_8: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfur and vulgar as e sunflower was aundo jane at all times and occasions
	layer_10: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as e sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_12: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as e sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions

file: 6267-65525-0003.flac
expected: i want to run over and see how missus brixby is this evening siddy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_2: i wn traone ov or andcy hol missus bik be s thes ivning siti and you musttake car f the babyteliget thack
	layer_4: i wuntran oer andsy how missus bixsd be i thes evening sidiy and you must take cur of the baby te liget thack
	layer_6: i wan't to run over and see how missus bigs be is this evening city and you must take care of the baby til i get back
	layer_8: i won't to run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_10: i want to run over and see how missus biggstby is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_12: i want to run over and see how missus biggstby is this evening cydi and you must take care of the baby till i get back

file: 6267-65525-0004.flac
expected: sidney sighed and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_2: sed they sik and when donstir ford he taby
	layer_4: seen tey sigke and when doncster for the babe
	layer_6: sin ey sihg and wena downcter for the baby
	layer_8: sidn ey sih and went downsters for the baby
	layer_10: sitng e sie and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_12: sittng he sihe and went downstairs for the baby

file: 6267-65525-0005.flac
expected: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_2: a her dase were alike us far as hard work and dunis wen but ecepte them jurefory and unco planingd
	layer_4: all her tays were alike as faras hard work and dllness went but yeacepthe dhem jurfury and uncomplainingtu
	layer_6: all her days were alike as faraus hard work and dullness went but he accepted them jerfury and uncomplainingly
	layer_8: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_10: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_12: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly

file: 6267-65525-0006.flac
expected: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_2: but he thidt resan having t lilk ost or the baby worn hyewante th rie har leter
	layer_4: but she tid recand having to lok after the baby weren she wanted to rit her lettter
	layer_6: but she did resen having to look after the baby when she wanted to writ her letter
	layer_8: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_10: but she did recent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_12: but she did recent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter

file: 6267-65525-0007.flac
expected: the room was small a mere box above the kitchen which sidney shared with two small cousins
	layer_2: thero wus mon a mar boxsubote the kacin wech seeden tey shargryt tots moar cousencs
	layer_4: the ru mas mon amare boxsubove the kachin which seeden tey sharg wet toots mor cousence
	layer_6: the roomast mon a merbox above the kitchen which sidin the shargueit toods mor cousincs
	layer_8: the rumasmon a mare box above the kitchen which settin a shargwit twods mar cousins
	layer_10: the ru masmon a mare box above the kitchen which sttin a shargwit twos mar cousins
	layer_12: ther ru masmon a mare box above the kitchen which sit in a shargwit twors mar cousins

file: 6267-65525-0008.flac
expected: her bed and the cot where the little girls slept filled up almost all the available space
	layer_2: hoar bat and the cat were tha letof gurslapt e thut rmost all te of thetlabore space
	layer_4: her bat and the cugt were the leato gir slapt eel dhoup aurmos al te of valabur space
	layer_6: her bad and the couht where the litere girs lapptd filld up armost alde afvalabur spaes
	layer_8: her bad and the cot where the little girs lapp filed up alrmost alde afvailablre space
	layer_10: her bed and the cot where the little girl slap filled up almost all de available space
	layer_12: her bed and the cot where the little girl slapt filled up almost all te available space

file: 6267-65525-0009.flac
expected: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth zigzagged from ear to ear
	layer_2: tie the that buctecler angor one i apere to be as larg asan orenge wi the a ther was the sise of a pe and the mont sexogd from er to ear
	layer_4: jo the that partecular anger one i appeuar to be as largc as an orenge while the other was the sise of ope and the mot exaged from ear to er
	layer_6: justhe that particlar angelr one ei appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pe and the mouth zsexaged from ear to ear
	layer_8: just at that particular angele one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pa and the mouth z exagtd from ear to ear
	layer_10: just at that particular angelre one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a p and the mouth sexaged from ear to ear
	layer_12: just at that particular angere one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a p and the mouth zexaged from ear to ear

file: 6267-65525-0010.flac
expected: sidney hated that mirror as virulently as she could hate anything
	layer_2: se hey hated thoat muras virel laly a sheculdtate aniting
	layer_4: seen they heated that meros viro laly as shecu ake aniting
	layer_6: sin tey hated hat miras veru ladly as she could hade anything
	layer_8: sin they hated that mirars very lagely as she could hate anything
	layer_10: since they hated that mira's very liktely as she could hate anything
	layer_12: since they hated that mira's very litely as she could hate anything

file: 6267-65525-0011.flac
expected: her mother had died the day after and sidney thereupon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_2: ther mather had dad to dey ofto and seny ther upon had con int ther hans of god ont jaing we h dos boksfore hourd dory shi is noting arns was let aft or the expansies ofde dober fi kner aw had benfay
	layer_4: her mother had did to they after and siny there apon had come into the handcs of good ount jain wich dos boks for herd dory sins noting als was lat after the expancies of the dabol finerour had ben a
	layer_6: her mother had died to day after and sine theire upon had come into the hands of good ound jain which tose boks for herd dory since nothing els was let after the expenses of the dubel finerer had ben ba
	layer_8: her mother had died to day after and sidney their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those boks for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expansies of the duble finerr had been pai
	layer_10: her mother had died to day after and sydney their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for her dory since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double finerer had been pai
	layer_12: her mother had died tho day after and sydney their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double finerol had been pai

file: 6267-65525-0012.flac
expected: presently she began to write with a flush of real excitement on her face
	layer_2: prsently shld be gent to rwi weh the frlashal freerlexcikment ton herfhace
	layer_4: presently should began to rit weh the flashal freear excitement on her face
	layer_6: presently shed began to rite with the flasha freel excitement on her face
	layer_8: presently she began to write with a flush of frel excitement on her face
	layer_10: presently she began to write with a flush of frl excitement on her face
	layer_12: presently she began to write with a flush of frel excitement on her face

file: 6267-65525-0013.flac
expected: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editor of the maple leaf
	layer_2: alnnly one ansern came to alendugness and that lus for warthit to herebid the lang selering a dytor ahe mapllef
	layer_4: aonly one ancer came too elenduglness and that was forwar the to her byd the long selfering ad etor olf the mapol lief
	layer_6: only one answer came to aelen douglass and that was forwarte to herbyt the long suffering a ditor off the mappor lief
	layer_8: only one answer came to alen dagnas and that was forwartded to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mappele lef
	layer_10: only one answer came to aellen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering aditour of the mappor leaf
	layer_12: only one answer came to aellen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering aditor of the mapper leaf

file: 6267-65525-0014.flac
expected: he wrote that although his age debarred him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for correspondents
	layer_2: he rod dat alog his aigetid bard him from mmper shipin the clo heu was prainty and the layt was eigtee h rat the let ters of do de pardment wich martchin tress and al fom hadt tolld of anceryng some o thiri quas fore qures won thats
	layer_4: he ro that ado his ageti bard hhim from mampership ing the clapb he was twenty and the lamit was eighteen he rad the leters of the the partment with marching trass and alforn had toutd of ancering som of therequest forcuress on tatd
	layer_6: he ro that aldou his agti bird him from mmbership in the clabp he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he red the leters of the department with marching trest and offerm had thought of answering some of the request for cress on thads
	layer_8: he wrote that aldo his ageie bird him from membership in the clab he was twenty and the limit was eighteent he rad the letters of the department with marching trest and often had thought of answering some of the requests four cress on tets
	layer_10: he wrote that ado his agte birt him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with marchingtrest and often had thought of answering some of the requests four cres on deths
	layer_12: he wrote that ado his agte birt him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with marching trest and often had thought of answering some of the requests four caress on deats

file: 6267-65525-0015.flac
expected: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_2: he never had nonso bod allan douveles ses lether wale soing tresting that he hadt tesided trit te heur
	layer_4: he never had donso budt elandogless ses leter wa soing thresting that he had tecided toright to her
	layer_6: he never had don so but ellan dogleassuss letter was so intresting that he had decided to wright to her
	layer_8: he never had done so but ellen dauglasu's letter was so eintresting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_10: he never had done so but ellen doglaus letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_12: he never had done so but ellen doglasus letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her

file: 6267-65525-0016.flac
expected: would she be kind enough to correspond with him
	layer_2: would she be king i nough te coarase born rwit ham
	layer_4: woul she be king inough to corres pom wit hm
	layer_6: woul she be king enough to corresparmd with him
	layer_8: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_10: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_12: would she be king enough to correspond with him

file: 6267-65525-0017.flac
expected: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_2: u was to eurs alld from th east and had nottedt for goten to bev homsak a dins
	layer_4: hou as too ears oud from the east and had notyed for goden to bev hom sek at dinds
	layer_6: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgodten to be homesik at tins
	layer_8: she was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to bea homesik at tineh's
	layer_10: she was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to bea homesik at times
	layer_12: she was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to bea homesik at times

file: 6267-65525-0018.flac
expected: sidney liked the letter and answered it
	layer_2: sepnay like the ltter and ancered ye
	layer_4: seeiv nay like the leter and aserad ea
	layer_6: svna like the letter and asurad et
	layer_8: sitne like the letter and asurat eth
	layer_10: citne like the latter and asorad i
	layer_12: citne like the latter and asorad it

file: 6267-65525-0019.flac
expected: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_2: sheeverexpaectet to mea donlincon noar ded she weshd to dosol
	layer_4: she never expaectetd to me jonlincon narda she wished to dusel
	layer_6: she never expected to met john lincole nar did she wishd to do so
	layer_8: she never expected to meet john lincol nor did she wished to do so
	layer_10: she never expected to meet john lincole nor did she wishd to do so
	layer_12: she never expected to meet john lincole nor did she wishd to do so

file: 6267-65525-0020.flac
expected: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure
	layer_2: in the corus ln tarncitsolf she fan hor lation
	layer_4: in the coras pondesit sel she fant herplation
	layer_6: in the corruspondence itself she fond her plasion
	layer_8: in the correspondence itself she found her plasiun
	layer_10: in the correspondence itself she found her plasiu
	layer_12: in the correspondence itself she found her plasu

file: 6267-65525-0021.flac
expected: john lincoln wrote breezy accounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug humdrum plainfield life that sidney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf when she opened a letter from the bar n as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_2: joundin gon rode gresiocons of frange life and ha tanters on the farwestomlans so e nian andru mod from s nog hom drawm rain fei life that sing tha aleys had thes enzation af cronsing o go wer an shed alpen alather fron the bar and as forsi nise on leater this is the way itread as shtp rulty
	layer_4: junlin con roud breasia councs of frange life and a vanturus on the far westom pblains so anan and r moth froms nig ham dram brain feeld life that seing te alays had thit senzation off crosing a gawhere and she oapen alater from the bar and as forsed nase own leter this is the way it read as she routit
	layer_6: johnling con rot briziac couns of frange life and atdventures on the far westomne plans so anin and remotde froms nog ham dram brainfield life that sing tay always had the senzation off crossing a guarf wherean shee opened alatter from the bar and as for sidnas own letter this is the way it red as she rout it
	layer_8: john lincon wrot briziac counts of frangh life and adventures on the far westerne plains so alnian and remote from snug ham dram brainfieled life that singay always had the sensation of crossing a garfwern she opened a letter from the bar end as for sydney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrot it
	layer_10: john lincon wrote breizi accounts of franch life and adventures on the far western plains so enien and remote from snug ham dram brainfilld life that singny always had the sensation of crossing a galf weran she opened a letter from the bar end as for sygney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_12: john lincon wrote breazi accounts of france life and adventures on the far western plains so alnien and remote from snug ham dram brainfilld life that singney always had the sensation of crossing a galf wherean she opened a letter from the bar end as for sygney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it

file: 6267-65525-0022.flac
expected: the evergreens plainfield dear mister lincoln
	layer_2: the ver greans trainti there missterlinco
	layer_4: the aver grens brainthil dher misteralinco
	layer_6: the ver greens branfill der mister lincon
	layer_8: the ver greense brainfille dear mister lincol
	layer_10: the evergreens brainfille dear mister lincole
	layer_12: the evergreens brainfille dear mister lincolle

file: 6267-65525-0023.flac
expected: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laughter and conversation
	layer_2: i love lifh and itsplom and brelancy i lolve meting yeu people i lo the reopil off mesy the hamo loveter and comvercation
	layer_4: i lovelife and itsplom and briliancy a love meting you people i lofe the reple off musy the hammo laveter and comversation
	layer_6: i love life and its bloom and briliancy i love meeting yeu people i loved the reple off musy the hamof lovter and conversation
	layer_8: i love life and its bloome and brilliancy i love meeting now people i love the ruple of musi the harm of lauhter and conversation
	layer_10: i love life and its bloome and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the riple of music the harm of laughter and conversation
	layer_12: i love life and its bloome and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the repple of music the harm of laugter and conversation

file: 6267-65525-0024.flac
expected: the man i had been talking with was paul moore the great novelist
	layer_2: the men i had been tokin wed was por mar the grae nolerd
	layer_4: the men i had been tolking weid was po more the grae novare
	layer_6: the men e had been talking wit was po mor the great noveris
	layer_8: the maner had been talking with was por mor the great noveris
	layer_10: the maner had been talking with wat por mar the great noveris
	layer_12: the maner had been talking with what por mor the great noverys

file: 6267-65525-0025.flac
expected: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the insight he himself has given me
	layer_2: as i gwas i had con tr thited him dwis and he had loftant lightit butt his bous wil ales have a nu mining tome hands fort tru that insied het himselve as given me
	layer_4: as iwas i had contrticted him twics and he had lagetandt liktit but his bokthwil alwas have r nu meaning to me hands fort true tha insied he himselve has given me
	layer_6: as it was i had contrdicted him towise and he had laughed and liked it but his bothwil always have a new meaning to me handsforth true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_8: as it was i had contradicted him towice and he had laughed and liked it but his bokhs will always have a new meaning to me hendceforth true the insidte he himself has given me
	layer_10: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth tru that inside he himself has given me
	layer_12: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth tru that inside he himself has given me

file: 6267-65525-0026.flac
expected: it is such meetings as these that give life its sparkle for me
	layer_2: ift his sautgh maithings at ththes that give life its parcolfor me
	layer_4: it tis such matings at dhese that give life its parcl forme
	layer_6: it is such miings at dhes that give life itsparkl for me
	layer_8: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_10: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_12: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me

file: 6267-65525-0027.flac
expected: you will be weary of my rhapsodies over her
	layer_2: you we a be waey of might rup sethese alver har
	layer_4: you we ae be wery of mi rops othese overher
	layer_6: you we hae be wery of my ropsothese overhar
	layer_8: you  be wary of my rapsodies overheir
	layer_10: y  be wery of my rapsodes overheir
	layer_12: yo  be weary of my rapsodes overheir

file: 6267-65525-0028.flac
expected: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mood
	layer_2: she has seeimputhe andd an dhe standing for my avery mo
	layer_4: she has sim poty and ondher standing for my avery mo
	layer_6: she has simpaty and understanding for my avery mo
	layer_8: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mo
	layer_10: she has sympathy and understanding for my evere mo
	layer_12: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mo

file: 6267-65525-0029.flac
expected: yours sincerely sidney richmond
	layer_2: yars sincirvilysen nat reachma
	layer_4: yars sinscerli sen tae reachma
	layer_6: yours sinserly si na rachman
	layer_8: yours sincerly sine richma
	layer_10: yours sincerly sine richmo
	layer_12: yours sincerly cine richmon

file: 6267-65525-0030.flac
expected: aunt jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_2: ol jain cam hanm presently and cared away hara s liping baby seenteysert he prayrs when te tat and slet salngly and sird anile sh mald hair latter the nex day and the man telat er and unsorecin
	layer_4: ot jan came hom presently and caried away her a sliping baybe seeny setd her prayrs whent to bhat and slept sondly and siranily she mailed her leter the next da and the montlater and unser king
	layer_6: ought jane came home presently and carried away her  sleepping baby seind ney sat her prayers wen to edt and slep soundly and seranily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer came
	layer_8: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sinay sait her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and seranily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer came
	layer_10: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cydny said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cerenily she mailed her latter the next day and ta month later an answer came
	layer_12: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cydny said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cerenily she mailed her latter the next day and a month later an answer came

file: 6267-65525-0031.flac
expected: sidney did not sleep that night but tossed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_2: se nmadi not sleve that nigt but dosd raslysly abato crd in her pelo
	layer_4: sed made not sleeve that night but dosd rastlesly abouto crid in her pelo
	layer_6: sid may de not slepe that night but dost rastlessly about or crid in her pelo
	layer_8: sydmaydi not slep that night but dosd rastlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_10: scydney did not sleep that night but dozed restlessly about or cried in her pillo
	layer_12: scydney did not sleep that night but dozed restlessly about or cried in her pillow

file: 6267-65525-0032.flac
expected: the good woman shook her head
	layer_2: tha god womon shik her ha
	layer_4: the god wormen shok her hak
	layer_6: the gbood warmon shok her a
	layer_8: the good worman shook her ha
	layer_10: the good woman shook her hat
	layer_12: the good woman shook her hat

file: 6267-65525-0033.flac
expected: sidney trod the way of the transgressor and found that its thorns pierced to bone and marrow
	layer_2: shed nthey trot the way of de trans gressor and fon datits tonse birst to bon and nar
	layer_4: seed ney trot the way of the trance grasser and fhondhat its thons berst to bon and marro
	layer_6: sidin ay trod the way of the trans grassor and found hat its thans berst to bone and marrow
	layer_8: sidina tro the way of the transgrasser and found that its thans burst to born and marrow
	layer_10: citina trot the way of the transgrassor and found that its dhans burst to bon and marrow
	layer_12: citina trot the way of the transgressor and found that its than's burst to bon and marrow

file: 6267-65525-0034.flac
expected: you see that road out thar
	layer_2: yoi see that therod alt thar
	layer_4: ou see that terod alt thar
	layer_6: you see that rod out dar
	layer_8: you see that road out dar
	layer_10: you see that road out dar
	layer_12: you see that road out dar

file: 6267-65525-0035.flac
expected: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distant sea visible
	layer_2: and there was no harber orlinps olf thistenct tesibur
	layer_4: and there was no harber or glimps off thistuncy visibl
	layer_6: and there was no harbor or glimps of distancy visible
	layer_8: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_10: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_12: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible

file: 6267-65525-0036.flac
expected: had the hotel keeper made a mistake
	layer_2: hand the haltof kepre myi them mhs dtake
	layer_4: had the haltor keeper my the is take
	layer_6: had the halter keeper my dem mistake
	layer_8: had the halter keeper mi te mistake
	layer_10: had the halter keeper made e mistake
	layer_12: had the halter keeper madee mistake

file: 6267-65525-0037.flac
expected: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreens but myself
	layer_2: ths is hs place no body carse the ever griang but myse
	layer_4: this is his place no bdycarsit the evergreen but myself
	layer_6: this is his place nobody caurs it the ever green but myself
	layer_8: this is his place no body cals it the evergreen but myself
	layer_10: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself
	layer_12: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself

file: 6267-65525-0038.flac
expected: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_2: i thonton the stan he sad bu lrexcigtly
	layer_4: i dont on the stan he sad burt pleccedly
	layer_6: i don't un te stand he said berplekedly
	layer_8: i don't understand he said perplexidly
	layer_10: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_12: i don't understand he said perplexidly

file: 6267-65525-0039.flac
expected: oh sidney threw out her hands in a burst of passionate protest
	layer_2: ol sedenlthy t ot har hans in the barst alf bation abroltes
	layer_4: o see nhy two out heir hands in the brst off bationat prultest
	layer_6: o seedn they two out her hands in the barst off batienat brotest
	layer_8: o seeing y two out her hands in thae burst of patienat protest
	layer_10: o seeng  two out her hands in a burst of patienate protest
	layer_12: o seeing y two out her hands in a burst of patienet protest

file: 6267-65525-0040.flac
expected: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_2: now and you never wei on the stend i cant ma you on the sten
	layer_4: no and you never weill oun the stend i cant mae you on the sten
	layer_6: no and you never will understand i can't make you on the stand
	layer_8: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_10: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_12: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand

file: 6267-65525-0041.flac
expected: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_2: aveyting itoldou abaldet and my l ife was just i muntination
	layer_4: everyting i tol u aboaltit and my life was just h moncination
	layer_6: everything i tolld you about id and my life was just imontination
	layer_8: everything i told you about it and my life was just imantination
	layer_10: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_12: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination

file: 6267-65525-0042.flac
expected: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_2: thit wiyt ded ou right dhamp hst lantly
	layer_4: thn whi id you right dhem he ast blanktly
	layer_6: tien why did you rigte dem he asked blankly
	layer_8: then why did you rite them he asked blankly
	layer_10: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_12: then why did you write them he asked blankly

file: 6267-65525-0043.flac
expected: why did you deceive me
	layer_2: why dy yod the see r me
	layer_4: why de o de seivf me
	layer_6: why di do tdeceive me
	layer_8: why did you deceive me
	layer_10: why did you deceive me
	layer_12: why did you deceive me

file: 6267-65525-0044.flac
expected: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_2: oh i diten meantoo the sese you i never thoud of su ch of tein
	layer_4: oh i didtent men to the se you i never thout of such of thing
	layer_6: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_8: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_10: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_12: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing

file: 6267-65525-0045.flac
expected: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_2: i jus coden tri you abot my lie r not becas itwas har butc ti oo so aglet ant anty
	layer_4: i just goden trite ou abot my life her not be caus itwas har but i tau so agly and anty
	layer_6: i just goodnt wrigte you about my life here not because it was hard but it als so ugly and anty
	layer_8: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anti
	layer_10: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anty
	layer_12: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anty

file: 6267-65525-0046.flac
expected: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_2: and won ance i had begon i hapcto kipet op
	layer_4: and when ance i had begun i hadk to kip it up
	layer_6: and when onts i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_8: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_10: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_12: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up

file: 6267-65525-0047.flac
expected: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_2: i fon d ei sol fusinaking to
	layer_4: i found igt sol fustinating to
	layer_6: i found itsol fusinating to
	layer_8: i found it s of fassinating to
	layer_10: i found it so fassinating to
	layer_12: i found it sof fascinating to

file: 6267-65525-0048.flac
expected: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_2: tos ledts er s mayd that a their life seeam real to me i neveryxpected to met you
	layer_4: those letters made that ather life seem reeal to me i never expected to met you
	layer_6: those letthers mayde that other life seem reael to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_8: those letters mae that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_10: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_12: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you

file: 6267-65525-0049.flac
expected: these last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_2: the slast for dase senshu lather cam have been dredtfwon to my
	layer_4: theslase for days seen shu later cim have been dread ful to me
	layer_6: thislast for days sin yu later came have been dreadful to me
	layer_8: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_10: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_12: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me

file: 6267-65525-0050.flac
expected: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_2: oll ples gal way and sorcir me ifs u can
	layer_4: oh blies go away and forgavef me if you can
	layer_6: oh btease go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_8: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_10: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_12: oh please go away and forgive me if you can

file: 6267-65525-0051.flac
expected: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_2: ito as wars tan she had eventolt it would te
	layer_4: it as wars tan she had even tholt it would be
	layer_6: it was wors than she had even thought it would be
	layer_8: it was wors than she had even thought it would be
	layer_10: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_12: it was worse than she had even thought it would be

file: 6267-65525-0052.flac
expected: he was so handsome so manly so earnest eyed
	layer_2: ou wiase so hasome o maly so earn tist i
	layer_4: heu ae so hansom so maly so earnnes i
	layer_6: he was so handsome so mely so earnest y
	layer_8: he was so handsome so maly so earnest eye
	layer_10: she was so handsome so maly so earnest ei
	layer_12: she was so handsome so mally so earnest iy

file: 6267-65525-0053.flac
expected: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_2: jonlincon opan the gat and wer t oupto heare
	layer_4: jonlincon opon the gate and wer opto her
	layer_6: john linkon open the gate and went up to her
	layer_8: john lincon opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_10: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_12: john lincol opened the gate and went up to her

file: 6267-65525-0054.flac
expected: please don't distress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_2: ples don't thi strias your souh so seid kne he said un conshiasly eusin hoard cresthin ne
	layer_4: plas don't thistrais your selfe so seeine he said uncocously using her cresthen ni
	layer_6: please don't distrist yourself so sna he said unconsciously using her creistian na
	layer_8: please don't distress yourself so sydne he said unconsciously using her christian na
	layer_10: please don't distress yourself so cydney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_12: please don't distress yourself so cydney he said unconsciously using her christian name

file: 6267-65525-0055.flac
expected: i think i do understand
	layer_2: i thin i do on the sten
	layer_4: i think i do on the sten
	layer_6: i think i do on the stand
	layer_8: i think i do on destand
	layer_10: i think i do understand
	layer_12: i think i do understand

file: 6267-65525-0056.flac
expected: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_2: and not surch a darl seltl as you tak my for
	layer_4: ad not such a dal selo as you take mefor
	layer_6: a'm not such a dar sellow as you take me fore
	layer_8: i'am not such a dul fellow as you take me for
	layer_10: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_12: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for

file: 6267-65525-0057.flac
expected: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_2: after aor toulsleters wertrl r rather thee was trutin tham
	layer_4: after ol those leters wer t aor rather thee was trutin them
	layer_6: after or those letters were tru or rather there was truth in them
	layer_8: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_10: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_12: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them

file: 6267-65525-0058.flac
expected: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_2: the shong man wa sertanly gd at und thestaning
	layer_4: teshoung mad waes sertinly good at under staning
	layer_6: the soung man wae certainaly good at understaning
	layer_8: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_10: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_12: this young man was certainly good at understanding

file: 6267-65525-0059.flac
expected: you you'll forgive me then she stammered
	layer_2: you youl for give me then she stemmot
	layer_4: you you'l forgive me then she stammot
	layer_6: you you'll forgive me then she stemuld
	layer_8: you you'll forgive me then she stammuled
	layer_10: you you'll forgive me then she stammuled
	layer_12: you you'll forgive me then she stammored

file: 7697-245715-0000.flac
expected: but in the state of innocence there would have been no weakness of old age
	layer_2: but i vhe stave thnicoence they will have bee lowd nissufpol age
	layer_4: but iner stav o thinicence they wolld have bee lod nessipholt age
	layer_6: but in vthe staye of inocence they wuld have ben nored necifolt age
	layer_8: but in the state of inocence they would have been lawred necifol age
	layer_10: but in the state of innocence there would have been loed nesifol age
	layer_12: but in the state of innocence there would have been loed nesifol age

file: 7697-245715-0001.flac
expected: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the state of innocence children would have been begotten by generation
	layer_2: on the conteury everyth ing generadet i sprsting perfept but ing te siv pinissen e chording e hap bit begodtham biganeration
	layer_4: on the contery everyth in generadet insfirsting perfect but in the scaidicinescence chording wilth hapbi begotem by generation
	layer_6: on the contrarary everythin generatetd itsfirsting perfect but in the calihenicance children wil hap bi thegodemnd by generation
	layer_8: on the contrary everything generated its firsting perfect but in the sate of inascencs children would hapben begodemn by generation
	layer_10: on the contrary everything generated its first inperfect but in the state of inascence children would have bin begode by generation
	layer_12: on the contrary everything generated its first ingperfect but in the state of inniscence children would have bin begoden by generation

file: 7697-245715-0002.flac
expected: therefore from the first they would have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_2: theirhor fromn the first the wil havppen in prfect ebode he sise and poer
	layer_4: therehfore from the first they will happien in prfect emn bod dinlhesiseand power
	layer_6: therefore from the first they woull havpen inperfect inboddinly sizean power
	layer_8: therefore from the first they woull have been inperfect in bodinly size and power
	layer_10: therefore from the first they will have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_12: therefore from the first they woill have been imperfect in bodily size and power

file: 7697-245715-0003.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary nature's process in generation would have been in harmony with the manner in which it was established by god
	layer_2: theiafor in the stat epinisence they was no need for woming to be porr on the constery lious per sass ing generation twtl havppiningcomily withnmater en whichshuf woss estabiched pie got
	layer_4: the aefore in the stato inicence theye was no need for womin to be bor on the constrary leeures pursas ingeneration woth havpinin commily with nmanner in which it was estalised by got
	layer_6: therefore in the stat of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary leurs porcass ingeneration would hapen incomoly with maner in which it was established by god
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary leigor's porcess in generation wotd have been in comony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary leiors porcess in generation would have bein in commony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary liger's pocess in generation would have bein in commony with manner in which it was established by god

file: 7697-245712-0000.flac
expected: four whether in that state man would have been master over men
	layer_2: for wither ing dastat men woild havp be mester ereman
	layer_4: for whiether en tas stae men wuld have be mester remen
	layer_6: for whether in thast state men would have be mester reman
	layer_8: for whither in thas state men would have be master  ro man
	layer_10: for whither in that state men would have be master ro man
	layer_12: for whither in that state men would have be master oro man

file: 7697-245712-0001.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_2: theirefor in the stitipinissnce man hade kno masership of the imols
	layer_4: therefore in the stadipunosnce ben had no masership of the animals
	layer_6: therefore in the stad ofenicencs men had no masership of the animals
	layer_8: therefore in the state of inocence men had no mastership of the animals
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence men had no mastership of the animals
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence men had no mastership of the animals

file: 7697-245712-0002.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence before man had disobeyed nothing disobeyed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_2: theirefor in the stetpinasens befor man had isbade notinds beten that wls naturly subjat to haime
	layer_4: theirefore in the statop enoscence before manahad itsbade nogh ing toes badem that wals naturely subjact to ham
	layer_6: therefore in the state of inocense before manna had itsbade nohing disbaden that was naturally subjact to hame
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence before mana had it s pade nothing disbaden that was naturally subjact to hime
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence before mani had its bae nothing disbadin that was naturally subjact to hime
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence before mana had its bade nothing disbaden that was naturally subject to hime

file: 7697-245712-0003.flac
expected: secondly this is proved by the order of divine providence which always governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_2: signliy dis us prew by theudro do bine rovidoce whichoweasgovers ind ferethings by thesorppero
	layer_4: sigenly this as prue by the oderr de vine providenece which hres coverns ind ferythingsmy the supero
	layer_6: sigonly this is proved by the orde of divine providenence which hiwescoverince anfearoy things by thi seperour
	layer_8: segcondly this isproved by the order o divine providennce which hiwiscoverins in feario things by the superior
	layer_10: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providence which hiescoverins inferior things by the superior
	layer_12: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providence which haesgoverines inferior things by the superior

file: 7697-245712-0004.flac
expected: thirdly this is proved from a property of man and of other animals
	layer_2: sertily dis as proed rom  probeityf man another amls
	layer_4: thiraily disis proved thorom a probertave man and other anmals
	layer_6: certainly disis proved from a probertlafe man and bother animals
	layer_8: certainly thisis proved from a probertlyve man and ather animals
	layer_10: certainly this is proved from a property of man and other animals
	layer_12: certainly this is proved from a property of man and other animals

file: 7697-245712-0005.flac
expected: now whatever is participated is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_2: now whlt aver yis partis paitet isubjate wat is esenshoul and ina berso
	layer_4: now what averis partis patet is tubjate whatis te sentioal and inlverso
	layer_6: now whataver is partis pated is tubjacte what is thesential and inuverso
	layer_8: now whatever is partis paited is subjectod what is essential and iuniversal
	layer_10: now whatever is part is paidith is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_12: now whatever is part is paideth is subject to what is essential and universal

file: 7697-245712-0006.flac
expected: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_2: theirfor tas bjaction o other aninals to manis prooked o benatural
	layer_4: theirefore asbjaction of other animals to manis prooke to be naturalt
	layer_6: thereforet asjection of other animals to man is prook to be natural
	layer_8: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proved to be natural
	layer_10: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is prooved to be natural
	layer_12: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural

file: 7697-245712-0007.flac
expected: they would not however on this account have been excepted from the mastership of man as neither at present are they for that reason excepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_2: they ould now hiver on this cond hav peen excepted from the mastership of men as nether at pressonnor theyfor tha reason excce to fromn te maership or pat was providins haswar dain athis
	layer_4: they would no hiver on this con have been eccepted from the mastership of men as neither at pressen nor they for thar reason ecceptid from the massership or od was probidens has or dain au this
	layer_6: they would not hiver on this cont have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at pressen or they for their reason accepted from the mastership of rod whas providencs has ordain aue this
	layer_8: they would nowt hiveer on this kon have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at presen nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has fordan all this
	layer_10: they would now hiver on this cond hate been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has fordaine all this
	layer_12: they would now hiver on this cond have been accepted from the mastership of men has neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has fordaine all this

file: 7697-245712-0008.flac
expected: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to man that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_2: thisis sicudfont by fack that got lett they animost to men that he mut hive the nambs expresif of their respac iv naturs
	layer_4: this assiculdfint bye fack that got letatthey enimols to men that he mot gave the names expressive of theire respectivf natures
	layer_6: this assiconfiet by the fact that got let at theanimost to men that he mught give the names expressive of theire respective natures
	layer_8: this is sigified by the fact that god let at the animals to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_10: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_12: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures

file: 7697-245712-0009.flac
expected: so all animals would have obeyed man of their own accord as in the present state some domestic animals obey him
	layer_2: so aindmes wiud have ad bit mean i therow cort as in the presens day some tomesticg inos apbey hin
	layer_4: so aianmis woud have a bit man of therown court as en the presens dayd some to mesticg enmose a beyhim
	layer_6: so ainimos would have a bid men of theire own court as in the presencs daye some domestic enimos abahimg
	layer_8: so al enemes would have a bit men of their own court as in the presence daye some domestic enimas obey him
	layer_10: so all enimis would have a bit men of their own court as in the presence daye some domestic animas obey him
	layer_12: so all enimies would have a bit men of their own court as in the presence day some domestic animas obey him

file: 7697-245712-0010.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_2: ob jactioln one itwle seeme that in thesavinissence ma ol not havl hade mastership al ver o other creatures
	layer_4: objaction one it ia seeme that ente savenessence ma would not half had masniship over all other creatures
	layer_6: objaction one it was seeme that ing the saeenosance man would not half had masnship over aul other creatures
	layer_8: objaction one it wusl seem that in the save nescence men would not hae had masnrship over all other creatures
	layer_10: objaction one it woull seem that in the sainiscence man would not have had masteship over all other creatures
	layer_12: objaction one it would seem that in the saviniscence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures

file: 7697-245712-0011.flac
expected: much less therefore would it have obeyed man in the state of innocence
	layer_2: much nas vefor would hae a bit man inth sat of iniscens
	layer_4: much las verfore woutd he hae a bit men in the sat of inocence
	layer_6: much last ferefore would a hae a bit men in the state of innocense
	layer_8: much let fer for would e have a bit men in the state of innocence
	layer_10: much less fearfour would ey have a bit men in the state of innocence
	layer_12: much less fearfur wold he have a bit men in the state of innocence

file: 7697-245712-0012.flac
expected: therefore since it is by his reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems that in the state of innocence man had no dominion over plants
	layer_2: theirfor sngcs it is by thes reason that manis compiten to haemastership itd seems fvatin testivelensence man hanld mean in over plens
	layer_4: the arefore sins it is by this reason that manis competen to hape mastership it seems feing the stivelancince man hadnolg men in over plens
	layer_6: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competont to have mastership it seems felling the stat insence man had no mean in overplens
	layer_8: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems feling the state insence man had no bean in overplans
	layer_10: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems felling the state of insence man had not been in overplans
	layer_12: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems felling the state of insence man had not been in overplans

file: 7697-245712-0013.flac
expected: now in man reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_2: nowy me reasin the hast positionof e master an not o the supect
	layer_4: now we melreason the hast position of a master and nowt of he subject
	layer_6: now e men reason the has e position of a master and not o he subject
	layer_8: now i menreason has te position of a master and nout of the subject
	layer_10: now i mereison has te position of a master and nout of the subject
	layer_12: now i merison has te position of a master and nout of the subject

file: 7697-245712-0014.flac
expected: i answer that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual union have been sterile
	layer_2: yinser dat we nmust neaso mid that in aprimmidof stayth therwould have ben some inecotity at leased as regordse secs becaus generation the pinspon doversityfe secs and like ice as regaors ate for some would have been bor of others norwd setura yuny have been steral
	layer_4: i enser that we must nease o mit that in te primit ove state there would have been some inicuatity at least as regord sex because generation the pencsupon doversitave sex and like uice as regars age for some would have been born of others nor wold sexturauny have been staral
	layer_6: i insere that we must nes admid that in the primitive state theye would have been some inequatity at least as regard sexs because generation tdhe pencs pon diversitive sex and likewise as regard's age for some would have been borne of others nor would saexuri uny have been sterel
	layer_8: i inswere that we must nees admit that in the primitove state the would have been some inequadity at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversiti ve sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexra uni have been steril
	layer_10: i inswert that we must needs admit that in te primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual uni have been steriu
	layer_12: i insweret that we must needs admit that in e primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual unic have been steriul

file: 7697-245712-0015.flac
expected: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_2: there mut olse have beein but et ly dhisparity
	layer_4: there might oulso have beein butitly disparity
	layer_6: there might also have been budtily disparity
	layer_8: there might alsco have been buddily disparity
	layer_10: there might also have been budtely disparity
	layer_12: there might also have been butdely disparity

file: 7697-245712-0016.flac
expected: inequality might also arise on the part of nature as above described without any defect of nature
	layer_2: inecoridty otals we rizeon ho parbs of nature as bove distripet wit hout ina defastfnature
	layer_4: anecorita yt als we rise on the parts of nature as bove destriped without any defaslnature
	layer_6: inacorrity mig alswerris on the parts of nature as bove destriped without any defactful nature
	layer_8: in achority might alsoe rise on the parts of nature as bove described without any defactul nature
	layer_10: an aqrity might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defatful nature
	layer_12: anaqority might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defatful nature

file: 7697-245712-0017.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have been master over man
	layer_2: afbjac sion on hei il sim that e thestidichimisenes men ould not hade be master wermen
	layer_4: objacksion one he ill simd that e the stat ochemisons man uld not hade be masterwermen
	layer_6: objection one he will seemed that a the stae of chommissens men ould not hav be masdterver men
	layer_8: objection one heill seem that in the state of inocencse men would not have be maserover men
	layer_10: objection one he will sem that in the state of ioicince men would not have bee mased over men
	layer_12: objection one e will sem that in the state of inicince men would not have been massed over men

file: 7697-245712-0018.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_2: theirefor in thestat of hemisence maow old no have peen supbjeto min
	layer_4: therefore in thestate of e misence man o no have been subjato men
	layer_6: therefore in the state of emisence man would not have been subjact to men
	layer_8: therefore in the state of imnocence men would not have been subjecto men
	layer_10: therefore in the state of inocence men would not have been subject to men
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence men would not have been subject to men

file: 7697-245712-0019.flac
expected: in another sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he who has the office of governing and directing free men can be called a master
	layer_2: innother sence mesershipb is referd in ageneral sens to any con of subject and en this senceven he hastd the oficsof covberning anddiructing free men ca bhe cout amaster
	layer_4: inother sens maership is refred in a genera sens to anycon of sup jact and in this senceven he hased the office of coverning and diructing free men ca be caugt omaster
	layer_6: in other sense massership is refered an a general sence to any conof subject and in this sense even he haske the office of coverning and directing free men can be caugt a master
	layer_8: in other sense mastership is refere in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_10: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_12: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master

file: 7697-245712-0020.flac
expected: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state of innocence between man and man for two reasons
	layer_2: sucha cone of maste shoudt would haveexistid in testitifniset btowin ae in mad for two resons
	layer_4: such a cont of masteshoilpt would have existed in de steadifineses betwen r in men for two reasons
	layer_6: such a kon of masteshit would have existed in destatifinices between ma and men for two reasons
	layer_8: such a kind of mastershipe would have existed in the stat f enascis between ma and men for two reasons
	layer_10: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the stat of inases between man and men for two reasons
	layer_12: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state of inices between man and men for two reasons

file: 7697-105817-0000.flac
expected: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord who are now his judge
	layer_2: mor them bhis ye haf bing her to rayl on you my lod fore a now ise jugt
	layer_4: more then this he have being herd to railonl you my lord fore a now his jurg
	layer_6: more than this yoe have beeing heard to rail on you my lord whor i now his jurge
	layer_8: more than this yoe hate beeng heard to rail one you my lord wher ar now his judge
	layer_10: more than this ye hath been heard to rail on you my lord wher ir now his judge
	layer_12: more than this ye hath been heard to rail on you my lord wher ir now his judge

file: 7697-105817-0001.flac
expected: judge thy just doom would be to die on the spot still let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_2: sout thigeoustoom would be to dorion the spot sto letis har what hol hastersay
	layer_4: jot thdgjust doom would be to dory on the spot stop lat is her what thou haste say
	layer_6: jrd th just dom would be to dury on the spot stop let us here what thou has to say
	layer_8: jergh thy just doome would be to dirye on the spot stop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_10: joch thy just doomb would be to die on the spot stoop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_12: joc thy just doom would be to die on the spot stoop let us hear what thou hast to say

file: 7697-105817-0002.flac
expected: then the judge to sum up the case spoke thus you see this man who has made such a stir in our town
	layer_2: then the jugh to some otf the cangs speke this you seev is man who hast made stuch a sturyg nor toun
	layer_4: then the judgh to somelup the kangs spelke this you see eis men who a haske made such a sturyg nourtown
	layer_6: then the judge to some lup the kangs speke this you seivehis men who hast made such a stiring narctown
	layer_8: then the judge to some of the kings spoke this you see this man who has made such a stirring narktown
	layer_10: then the judge to sumon op the kings spoke theirs you see this man who has made such a stirring nariktown
	layer_12: then the judge to summon op the kings spoke theirs you see this man who has made such a stirring nariktown

file: 7697-105817-0003.flac
expected: thus while one lost his life for the truth a new man rose from his death to tread the same way with christian
	layer_2: thus iy we not hys lik orta tuth adnew man ros from his death the trarba sam wry wits qustion
	layer_4: thus whiy wele not his lik for ta tuth ad knew man rose from his dath the trabar seame way wits quistion
	layer_6: thu's why well nostd his lirkfor the thouth a new man rose from his death the travus seame way was quistian
	layer_8: tha's why well not his like for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabber seamed way wis qhuistion
	layer_10: thas why well lost his like for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabis seeme way wah cristian
	layer_12: thes why well lost his like for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabi seme way wats cristian

file: 7697-105817-0004.flac
expected: come good hopeful said christian let us walk on the grass
	layer_2: com gohel ful saitcrshhim lehers work on the grass
	layer_4: come god held ful sad crishim letters wark on the grass
	layer_6: colm good heldful said chrisham lettes walk on the grass
	layer_8: come good helpfol said chrishiam let us walk on the grass
	layer_10: come good helpfol said chrisham let us walk on the grass
	layer_12: come good helpfol said chrisham let us walk on the grass

file: 7697-105817-0005.flac
expected: so they set off through the field
	layer_2: so he sat olf tour te fems
	layer_4: sil vhey set of trouh the feed
	layer_6: so vhey sat off through the feld
	layer_8: so they set off through the fields
	layer_10: so they set off through the field
	layer_12: so they set off through the fields

file: 7697-105817-0006.flac
expected: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_2: hufulr i hat mi fearsd fromg the forsd and so gave e wahingt friston bi frend i re that our have brugthy out of the rit hath
	layer_4: hupfour i had my fears from the firsd and so gavey ere heant criston gr frend i griv that i have brogthu out of the rige phalth
	layer_6: hupefour i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hant phristan g friend i grived hat i have brought yoe out of the rigpte palth
	layer_8: hopfour i had my fearcs from the first and so gave you a hant christian good friend i grieved that i haf brought you out of the right path
	layer_10: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hait christian good friend i grieved that i hath brought you out of the right path
	layer_12: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hait christian good friend i grieved that i hath brought you out of the right path

file: 7697-105817-0007.flac
expected: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_2: oful sayng a mor no dout itis for ouagoote
	layer_4: hoful sayn o more no dout it is for ourgoovde
	layer_6: hoful say no more no doubt it is for hourgos
	layer_8: hote ful say no more no doubt it is for hour goose
	layer_10: hopfol say no more no doubt it is for our goose
	layer_12: hopful say no more no doubt it is for our goose

file: 7697-105817-0008.flac
expected: christian we must not stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_2: phruchon we must no sten thurs leastrard gld bak
	layer_4: pruchan were h must no sten thus let is tried god bag
	layer_6: pruchan were you must now stend thus let us try to god bag
	layer_8: pushen where you must now stand thus let us try to gol bak
	layer_10: pushen where you must now stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_12: pushen where you must now stand thus let us try to go back

file: 7697-105817-0009.flac
expected: then said giant despair you have no right to force your way in here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_2: then se trind ispaire   have lo rate of forshyal way im her the grown kd ong whish syeu ly is ming
	layer_4: then set trined despaire you have no right of forcuall way ing here the ground ong wich you ly is min
	layer_6: then set drine despair you have no right of forcial waging here the ground ong which you lie is myn
	layer_8: then set trying despair you have no right of forceiul waging here the ground on which you lie i's myng
	layer_10: then set trying despair you have no right tof forcyou waging here the ground on which you lie i's mine
	layer_12: then settrying despair you have no right tof forcyou waging here the ground on which you lie it's mine

file: 7697-105817-0010.flac
expected: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fault
	layer_2: they had not mush to say as be knew tha hy woring fout
	layer_4: they had not mush to say as be knew tha they werein fort
	layer_6: they had not much to say as be knew that they were in fort
	layer_8: they had not much to say as be knew that they were in fort
	layer_10: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort
	layer_12: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort

file: 7697-105817-0011.flac
expected: and by this act we kill our souls as well
	layer_2: and by desack wih culoure sols as wel
	layer_4: and by esack wich ulour sos as well
	layer_6: and by tisack wicculour sos as well
	layer_8: and by bisac wicule our soes as well
	layer_10: and by bisac we cille our seles as well
	layer_12: and by bisac we cille our selves as well

file: 7697-105815-0000.flac
expected: he now went on till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this he did two or three times
	layer_2: he know when ton to he cim to the hous an e dor which he was e nok this itit to or freet tons
	layer_4: he know when tong to he kem to the house ad tae door which he was te nock this itid to or threet tons
	layer_6: he now when tonge to he ceme to the house at a doorof which he was to knock this iddid two or fhree toms
	layer_8: he now went tong to he came to the house at a door of which he was to knock this itdid two or three times
	layer_10: he now went ong till he came to the house at a door of which he was to knock this aded two or three times
	layer_12: he now went ong till he came to the house at a door of which he was to knock this ated two or three times

file: 7697-105815-0001.flac
expected: christian i have come to see the good man of the house
	layer_2: ghreston oi have com tose ed good man of the hous
	layer_4: gristian i have come to ceata good man of the house
	layer_6: ghristian i have come to see a good man of the house
	layer_8: christian i have come to see t a good man of the house
	layer_10: christian i have come to see i a good man of the house
	layer_12: christian i have come to see it a good man of the house

file: 7697-105815-0002.flac
expected: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to mount zion
	layer_2: treston sir  an comfrom the sity of the stiuption and an a my way t monsm
	layer_4: cristan sir i an com from the city of thestruption and am ma my way t monsion
	layer_6: christian sir i am come from the city of destruption and am mo my way to monthsian
	layer_8: christian sir i am come from the city of destrucption and am omy way to montsien
	layer_10: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and m o my way to montsaien
	layer_12: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and m o ma way to montsyon

file: 7697-105815-0003.flac
expected: i was told by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you would show me good things that would help me
	layer_2: i was stod byvehe man thestans of egate that hat fi chim hear yout shil ma ko things bat would holt me
	layer_4: i was stoed by the men thestands af the gate that it f hame here youit shill me gou things bat would heut me
	layer_6: i will stod by the man the stands a e gate that if f i came her youi shell me good things that would help me
	layer_8: i was stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i cam her you  show me good things that would help me
	layer_10: i was stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you show me good things that would help me
	layer_12: i was stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i came heare youshow me good things that would help me

file: 7697-105815-0004.flac
expected: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold hung near his head
	layer_2: he stood as in he would leofur men and a crown of god han nhe r he s hat
	layer_4: he stood asin he would plefur men and a crown of god harm eare hes herd
	layer_6: he stood as if he would plefor men and a crown of god har near hes heard
	layer_8: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold har near he's herd
	layer_10: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold harm near hi's herd
	layer_12: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold harm near hi's herd

file: 7697-105815-0005.flac
expected: christian what does this mean
	layer_2: criston what thistis meng
	layer_4: curiston what this thes men
	layer_6: christian what this this mean
	layer_8: christian what this this mean
	layer_10: christian what does this mean
	layer_12: christian what does this mean

file: 7697-105815-0006.flac
expected: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_2: then he too hie to  lartroom that was folrld of dus for in had notpping sueapt and enterpereder tot is mandto swueeped
	layer_4: then he took hi to a lartroom that was fol of dost for in had not ping swaptd and interpreder todis mand to sweeped
	layer_6: then he took him to a larde room that was full of dust for it had not beeng swapt and interprater todist man to sweepid
	layer_8: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swapt and interpreter todhis man to sweep it
	layer_10: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter todhis man to sweep it
	layer_12: then he took im to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter todhis man to sweep it

file: 7697-105815-0007.flac
expected: christian what means this
	layer_2: qriston what men s eth
	layer_4: qriston what mengs phes
	layer_6: qhristan what meansthes
	layer_8: christian what means these
	layer_10: christian what means these
	layer_12: christian what means these

file: 7697-105815-0008.flac
expected: then you next saw the maid come in to lay the dust so is sin made clean and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_2: the you that sowrda mate commin tonate dusd so y sem ma clin an lat lo by fat  inthe woook
	layer_4: the you nat sowrt made com e to laide dust so ho seem may claing and late low by fat in the book
	layer_6: then you nat sougt made come in to later dust so he seeme maye cling and lad low by faith in the book
	layer_8: the unac sogt made come into laa dust so he seemed ma cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_10: the yunat sought made come ingto latar dust so he seemed me cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_12: the yunat sought made come into lata dust so he seemed me cling and laid low by faith in the buok

file: 7697-105815-0009.flac
expected: just as christian came up to the cross his load slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_2: just esk trestion cameop to te crous hi s lod slif frong his bat loseto e mowsted the too whearit felling and i sawrt nl woare
	layer_4: just as trestion came up to the crouse hes lowe slae from his bac close to hemous of the tum whereit felling and i sawt no mor
	layer_6: just ask thristian came up to the crows he slowadslay from his back close to the mous of the tumb where it felling and i saw it inno more
	layer_8: just as thristian came up to the crows he slow sla from his back close to the mouths of the tomb where it felling and i saw it no more
	layer_10: just as christian came up to the krous he sloe slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell ing and i saw it no more
	layer_12: just as christian came up to the krous he sloed slip from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell ing and i saw it no more

file: 7697-105815-0010.flac
expected: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace be to thee thou hast grace from thy sins
	layer_2: as he stooe thoursand weapt lo tor e bitd whas cinthhim and one of hem sad hese peto the thow hask rish fone thi sings
	layer_4: as he stood thouseand wept lo tree brightewos kamt him and one of themsaid hespe to thee thou hasgris from thy sings
	layer_6: as he stooed thouse in wept lo three brught olee cam to ham in one of them sad pe s pet to thee thou hast grese from thy sins
	layer_8: as he stooed thus and wept lo three bright ones cemthim and one of them sad pece bee to thee thou hat gree from thy sings
	layer_10: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones cemtehim and one of them sad peace be to thee thou hast greaed from thy sings
	layer_12: as he stooed thus and wept lo three bright ones cemtohim and one of them sad peace be to thee thou hast greaced from thy sings

file: 7697-105815-0011.flac
expected: christian gave three leaps for joy and sang as he went ah what a place is this blest cross blest tomb
	layer_2: tistion gi frelyps forja and sen at he went  hat ha plas us pis blast croas blest ton
	layer_4: tcristian give freee leaps forjo and sen as he went ah whae a plas hisphis blast cras blest toon
	layer_6: tristian give free leaps for joy and sen as he went ah what a plas his pis blast craws blesst tun
	layer_8: tchristian gave fhree leaps for joy and sen as he went ah what a plays is this blase craws blast tun
	layer_10: christian gave free leaps for jo and sang as he went ah what a plays is this blast cras blast tune
	layer_12: christian gave tree leaps for jo and sang as he went ah what a plays is this blast cras blast tune

file: 7697-105815-0012.flac
expected: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he saw three men who were in a sound sleep with chains on their feet
	layer_2: he wen taon ths to he caimto a vea wher h self rey men who woryi a sonseleep wit chain son te a feeng
	layer_4: he wentom ths to he cim to aveyl where he seftre men whowerein a sansleep with chans on the u feet
	layer_6: he went om thus to he came to avel where his sof remen who werein a sun sleep with chaine on the ofeet
	layer_8: he went on thus till he came to a veil where his softry men who were in a sun sleep with chains on the ufeet
	layer_10: he went on thus till he came to a veil wher his sotery men who were in a sound sleep with chains on the ofite
	layer_12: he went on thus till he came to a veil where his sotery men who were in a sound sleep with chains on the ofite

file: 7697-105815-0013.flac
expected: christian sirs whence come you and where do you go
	layer_2: creston sircs ben's combiu and were ti oa go
	layer_4: cristan sircs wen's combu and were ty taeg
	layer_6: cristian sircs wens com ieu and where do e go
	layer_8: christian sircs wen's comeyu and where do go
	layer_10: christian sirs wen's comu and where do go
	layer_12: christian sirs wen's comu and where d go

file: 7697-105815-0014.flac
expected: formalist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of vain glory and are on our way to mount zion for praise
	layer_2: for matsd and pholercey we were born inmg the lende flain lory and arown now wayt mondin for pas
	layer_4: for maniasd and popercy we reborning the lend ofaine lory and our own nou way to moun dine for pras
	layer_6: for maest and poprecy we reborn in the lend o pfaned lory and our ow our way to mouns din for praise
	layer_8: for manist and hipocrcy we wereborn in the landafin glari and our own our way to mount dian for praise
	layer_10: for maist and hypocricy we were born in the land of fainglorri and or own our way to mountdin for praise
	layer_12: for madist and hypocricy we were born in the land of fanglori and ar own our way to mountdin for praise

file: 7697-105815-0015.flac
expected: know you not that he that comes not in at the door but climbs up to get in the same is a thief
	layer_2: no eou not that h that coms noting ate dor bhue clom sep to getin the sayme masher fheafe
	layer_4: no you not that he that coms not in that a door but clamsep to getting the same mas a thef
	layer_6: know you not that he that comes not in that adoor but clamsep to getting the same as a thief
	layer_8: knowyou not that he that comes not in at a door but clums up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_10: know you not that he that comes not in at a door but clumps up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_12: know you not that he that comes not in at a door but clumps up to getting the same as a thief

file: 7697-105815-0016.flac
expected: they told christian that he had no need for care on that score for long use had made it law and they could prove that it had been so for years
	layer_2: the toll qristion that hadt nonly forcare on thestor for nong yewse have mate low and theyceould prov daty hat bein solvr yars
	layer_4: the told quistion that he had nonly for care on testor for long use havd made law and they could prove thaty had bein silver years
	layer_6: they told quistien that he had knonly for care on descor for long use have made a law and they could prove that i havde been silver years
	layer_8: they told qhistianed that he had nownled for careon descore for long yuths havd made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_10: they told christianed that he had now need for caron descore for long years havd made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_12: they told christianed that he had no need for caron descore for long yeurs had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years

file: 7697-105815-0017.flac
expected: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_2: yes sid thing no doteoet
	layer_4: yes said thing no dot offit
	layer_6: yes said theyn no dot of it
	layer_8: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_10: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_12: yes said they no doubt of it

file: 7697-105815-0018.flac
expected: and if we get in the road at all pray what are the odds
	layer_2: and if we getting tho rot et l pra what arthyout
	layer_4: and if we getting the grot at al pra what oaure the ot
	layer_6: and if we getting the groat at all pray what are theo
	layer_8: and if we getting the roat at all pray what are the od
	layer_10: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the odds
	layer_12: and if we're getting the groat at all pray what are the odds

file: 7697-105815-0019.flac
expected: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_2: s not arcaseousgou testrs
	layer_4: snot ouroccase as godthasturs
	layer_6: s not ourocase as good asyours
	layer_8: 's not our case as good as yours
	layer_10: 's not our case as good as yours
	layer_12: is not our case as good as yours

file: 7697-105815-0020.flac
expected: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hill of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_2: i salve dein that the  al enton to they cimt he fut etf the hear  op dif couty whayr they was a re
	layer_4: i saw den that theyol want on to they kim to the ft af the hear thof dificoty weyre theye was aspre
	layer_6: i saw then that they yald wenton ti they came to the froot of the hear of dificoty where there was a sprin
	layer_8: i saw then that theyall went on til they came to the fruot of the hear of difficulty where there was a sprenm
	layer_10: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the frouit of the heerl of difficulty where there was a sprig
	layer_12: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the frout of the heil of difficulty where there was a spring

file: 7697-105815-0021.flac
expected: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hill
	layer_2: now winquristion got as ps a sprin o flvfe he trentopet and then wont of he
	layer_4: now wen quistion gat as par s a sprin of live he drento it and them went ofe heu
	layer_6: now when quistian god as far as ta sprin oflive he drenkof it and then wen t uth hul
	layer_8: now when qhistian god as far as the sprin of live he drenk of it and then went upth hule
	layer_10: now when christian god as far as the spring of life he drenk of it and then went up the hule
	layer_12: now when christian god as far as the spring of life he drenk of it and then went up the hue

file: 7697-105815-0022.flac
expected: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hill that those who came by might rest there
	layer_2: now hap we ut was a cae ba bydn dord of that hiu that thoswho cain by mat rest fvher
	layer_4: now half weut was accave mant byden dord of that he that thoug swhol kim by mat rest ver
	layer_6: now half weup was acave made by thedord of that hu that those who camg by mat rastvere
	layer_8: now half wyup was a cave made by the lord of that hu that those who cime by met respere
	layer_10: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by met resfer
	layer_12: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by met resfer

file: 7697-105815-0023.flac
expected: timorous said that zion was the hill they meant to climb but that when they had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk so that great fear came on them and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_2: timer sad that oing was te he the mentor clo but that wen ly had got hat wy they foumn that they met with mor and mordise sol dat reed feri cimm on teon and o the cou do was totrom bap
	layer_4: timer sad that win was be he they men to clog but that won le had gont halfway they foum that they met with more and morves soldat gred feri cim orn ten and ol they couldo was to trom bat
	layer_6: timor sat that zai was the hu they men to clo but that winle had got half way they found that they met with more and morevis soled a grat fear com ondhen and all they coulddo was to trim bat
	layer_8: timer sat that za was tehue they meant tocla but that whinley had got half way they found that they met with more and morrisk sold hat great fear cammonden and all they could do was to trn back
	layer_10: timmerers sat that zani was the hee they meant to clog but that winley had gonte half way they found that they met with more and morrisk sold that great fear  kemonden and all they could do was to trn back
	layer_12: timmerers sat that zani was the hee they meant to clog but that winley had gonte half way they found that they met with more and morrisk sold that great fear kemonden and all they could do was to turn back

file: 7697-105815-0024.flac
expected: yes said mistrust for just in front of us there lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they slept or not but we thought that they would fall on us and tear our limbs
	layer_2: ys said mistrrsd for  just in frontavus beare lay to betss of rain our pauve woul ne noti thysnect or  nod but we thoage that thebwed forllerdancs andturow lis
	layer_4: yes said mistrersd for acust in fromtervus beyrlay two beasts of prein our palve wul now noti they s neptr  nod but we th oagh that they would fallerdncs endtrou les
	layer_6: yes said mischurst for chest in fronta us be lay two beatts of praiyn our path we knew not if they snaptronod but we though that they would fallor enss and tyrou liams
	layer_8: yes saidthe mischust for  chest in front o s belay two beatts of prayn our path we knew not if they snepped ronad but we though that they would fallow thes andterour leams
	layer_10: yes said th misthrust for a chest in front of us tere lay two beasts of pray in our path we knew not if they snepped runad but we thought that they would fallon thes andteer our liambs
	layer_12: yes said the mistrust for a chest in front of us there lay two beasts of pray in our path we knew not if they snepped ronad but we thought that they would fall on thes andteer our labs

file: 7697-105815-0025.flac
expected: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the men and then he felt in his cloak for his scroll that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_2: yetd hei thought once more the hat he ha hored fon the man and then he fouting histut for hi sgrod that he mot ret and poncome pes
	layer_4: yet he thought once more hefwhat he had heard from the man and then he fout ing his tlout for hs sgrod that he miht raded anfinicsome pese
	layer_6: yet he thought once more a what he had heard from the man and then he folut in his cloat for his scrow that he might readed in fin esome pese
	layer_8: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his cloat for his crow that he might read it ind fin some pase
	layer_10: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he feult in his coat for his crob that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_12: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he feult in his coat for his crowd that he might read it and find some peace

file: 7697-105815-0026.flac
expected: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_2: he few ford but ound ti nok
	layer_4: whe fel forid but soun tet not
	layer_6: he sfeld for et but sound at not
	layer_8: he felt for it but sound it not
	layer_10: he felt for it but sound it not
	layer_12: he felt for it but sound it not

file: 7697-105815-0027.flac
expected: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him grace for this act and then went back to look for his scroll
	layer_2: so he fou don on his nease to prae that god wi ifangricfl biesat and then wen bat to loook forhi scrod
	layer_4: so he fel don ong his nese to pra that god woilh gif eng gracsfule bis aft and them when bat to looke for hiscrod
	layer_6: so he fell done on his knees to prave that god would give im graceful bis aft and then when bat to look for his crowbe
	layer_8: so he fell down ong his knees to prave that god would give him graceful bisact and then wen back to look for his crobe
	layer_10: so he fell down on his knees to prae that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to luok for his crobe
	layer_12: so he fell down on his knees to prave that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to luk for his crobe

file: 7697-105815-0028.flac
expected: oh fool that i am said he to sleep in the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for ease that rest which the lord of the hill had made but for the help of the soul
	layer_2: ho fow that i an sidito slibeing the day time so a gevai t o the flasshius to yuse por ease that ret which lord of fohe hat mate but ford hou ith te son
	layer_4: ho fo that ur an saidin to sliping the day timne so th ka fi to the flashus to use pore yes that reast which lord of ahe hat made but ford houp ith the son
	layer_6: o for that i m said him to sliping the day time so tha gave foit to the flash as to use for yes that rest which lorde fa hu hap made but ford hol at the son
	layer_8: ho for that i am sad im to sliping the day time so the givfoai to the flash as too use for yeas that rest which lord afahe hat made but ford helph at the son
	layer_10: ho for that i am said him to sliping the day time so the give way to the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord afhug hath made but for help af the son
	layer_12: ho for that i am said him to sliping the day time so the give way to the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord afahug hath made but for help at the son

file: 7697-105815-0029.flac
expected: such was the lot of the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the red sea and i am made to tread those steps with grief which i might have trod with joy had it not been for this sleep
	layer_2: sucsh was elole t ad the tjus for theirsing they were sant bhat idt wayo bhebrat see and i im mate tria thor  stapts with gee wich ing min have trom with jy had i not be for tisle
	layer_4: such was eloedtad the jues for their sing they were sent batk byd way f the rat see and i am made tryd tho staps with greee which i mon have trung with jy had i not be for thisleeav
	layer_6: such was delod at the jewse for their sin they were sent back bied way of the rat s and i am made try those staps with grive which in min have trung with joy had id not be for thisleve
	layer_8: such was the lot otf the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the rat s and i am madeo try those steps with grieve which i might have trunk with joy had it not been for this leave
	layer_10: such was the lod of the jews for theyar sen they were sent back by the way of the rats and i am made to try those steps with grieve which i might have drunk with joy had it not been for this leeve
	layer_12: such was the lod of the jews for theyar sen they were sent back by the way of the ratse and i am made to try those steps with grieve which i might have drunk with joy had it not been for this leave

file: 7697-105815-0030.flac
expected: how far might i have been on my way by this time
	layer_2: ho farman i half being o my whe by this tine
	layer_4: howfarmand i half obeing o my we by this time
	layer_6: how farmand i half to being o my await y this time
	layer_8: how far an i havfr being on my way by this time
	layer_10: how farmund i haf o being on my way by this time
	layer_12: how farmunt i haf o being on my way by this time

file: 7697-105815-0031.flac
expected: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where for a spell he sat down and wept but at last as he cast a sad glance at the foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught up with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_2: now by vistome he had come to taveo woncs mor wher ea forspel he said dine wet wbot at lnase as he cas e set lans aot fot ovf the benge he sow hisor whiche caodt with hased and put inn his plok
	layer_4: now by thistime he had come to the vayu ence more whe ere for epell he said dowing weapt but at lasked as he cases set lansad foote ofe the bench he saw hisr which he caut et with hasd and pudding his clok
	layer_6: now by this time he had come to the veu wonce more whereere forespell he said dow inquapt but at last as he cast a stet glensat foot of the bench he saw his strow which she caught it with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_8: now by this time he had come to the vel once more wher er forespell he sat down anquappt but at last as he castaset glencze athe foot of the bench he saw his row which he caught it with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_10: now by this time he had come to the ve once more where for spell he sat down and quaped but at last as he cast asat glance athe foot of the bench he saw his trow which he caught it with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_12: now by this time he had come to the ve once more where for spell he sat down and quaped but at last as he cast as at glance athe foot of the bench he saw his crow which he caught it with haste and put in his cloak

file: 7697-105815-0032.flac
expected: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his scroll
	layer_2: wrs art wet to tel the jally of cristion when he hat got bat he s wrol
	layer_4: wors are to weak to tel the joy of cristion when he had got ba his wro
	layer_6: wors are to week to tell the joy of christian when he had got bat his row
	layer_8: wors are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his row
	layer_10: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe
	layer_12: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe

file: 7697-105815-0033.flac
expected: he laid it up in the breast of his coat and gave thanks to god
	layer_2: he lade ed uh in the brust erf his pot and ge thenks tor gar
	layer_4: he ladedugh in the brustof his coad and gi thans togard
	layer_6: he laid ed ugh in the brust of his coad and give thanks to guard
	layer_8: he laid it off in the brust of his coade and give thanks to guod
	layer_10: he laid it off in the breast of his cot and give thanks to god
	layer_12: he laid it off in the breast of his coat and give thanks to god

file: 7697-105815-0034.flac
expected: with what a light step did he now climb the hill
	layer_2: woueh what a lo stact tad he nowt clane the h
	layer_4: woith what a listapt tad he now clam the ho
	layer_6: with whate lightstap did he now clam the hu
	layer_8: with whata lighttat did he now clamb the hou
	layer_10: with what ar light tak did he now clamb the he
	layer_12: with what ar lighttak did he now clamb the hu

file: 7697-105815-0035.flac
expected: ah thought he these beasts range in the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them
	layer_2: har thogh hen these bet srenting the nih for their pro and ithey should metd with men he dard holfte it fliv fon an
	layer_4: ha thoght hen these bed srenging the night for their pry and ithey should meet with mein d  dard haltrd i fliv fron tem
	layer_6: ha thoughhen these beath srenging the night for their prey and if they should meet with mean a dard hawlshuld i fly from them
	layer_8: ha though hee these beats renging the night for their pre and if they should meet with mend adard how should i fly from them
	layer_10: ha thought he these beasts renging the knight for their prey and if they should meet with me and darred how should i fly from them
	layer_12: ha thought he these beats renging the knight for their prey and if they should meet with me and darred how should i fly from them

file: 7697-105815-0036.flac
expected: the name of the man who kept the lodge of that house was watchful and when he saw that christian made a halt as if he would go back he came out to him and said is thy strength so small
	layer_2: the nem of e men who kept the loge of tha hous was woate folr and when he so te pristion ma  head as if  he o goo bact he cam outo him hinset is bistrien sos mor
	layer_4: the name othe men who kept the lage of that hous was watfor and when he sao ter pristion made heald as if he woul go back he came out to haime an sat is vistrien sos mor
	layer_6: the namen of the men who kept the lordge of theirt house was wat for and when he saw their pristian made a herd as if he would go bagk he came out to haime in sat t is bys trenh solv s more
	layer_8: the name of the men who kept the lodge of their house was wat for and when he saw their cristian made a herd as if he would go back he came out to him and sat t is bys strength solvs bore
	layer_10: the name of the men who kept the lodge of their house was wught for and when he saw their christian made a herd as if he would go back he came out to him and sat it is fy strength sulvsbor
	layer_12: the name of the men who kept the lodge of their house was wought for and when he saw their christian made a herd as if he would go back he came out to him and sat it is fy strength sulvsbore

file: 7697-105815-0037.flac
expected: fear not the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those that have it and to find out those that have none
	layer_2: fere nos bhe to wive beas for they aere bon by chings an or coo earidy tite fa thof those bet hapet and to fynou thos bet hat non
	layer_4: fere knord  te dwo wi bese for they arebount by changs an ar coutheardechieda fathof those bat happit and to fi now those bet hat knong
	layer_6: fear nod  the two wie beasts for they are bound by chans and oure cut her y triy ta faith of those bet happit and to fin now those bat hath knong
	layer_8: fearand naudt the two wild beasts for they are bound by chans and are put here de triy te faithe of those bat habit and to find ou those bat hath nong
	layer_10: fear andnaugt the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those bad habit and to find out those that hath nong
	layer_12: fear and naugt the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those bat habit and to find out those that hath nong

file: 7697-105815-0038.flac
expected: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to thee
	layer_2: kip en the mistevf the pafh and low han shicontovi
	layer_4: kip in the mistofe the pagf and lo harm shor cometo ve
	layer_6: kep in the miste f the path and no harmsi cometive
	layer_8: kip in the mister of the path and no harm shall come to ve
	layer_10: kip in the mist of the path and no harm shall come to ve
	layer_12: kip in the mist of the path and no harm shall come to ve

file: 7697-105815-0039.flac
expected: then i saw in my dream that still he went on in great dread of the wild beasts he heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stood in front of the lodge where watchful dwelt
	layer_2: the ni soaing my tre that s te he beent oning ray reat atf the wid becs ie her them gr it theded t he kno harm ut woen he had go by then he wentowith jy to he cam and sto in fround of e lod wayared watl god
	layer_4: the ni sawing my ree that steaw he wbent oning gray drad of the whid bease ehead them ro yet they ded to hem no harm but when he had gon by thenm he went on with joy to hed came and stilhin frond ef the ladgwered watch wul god
	layer_6: the nit sawwing my dream that stil he went on in grey dred of the wide beasts e heard them roar yet they did hem no harm but when he had gone by then he went on with joy to it ceme and still hing frond of the lodge whe hured watchful god
	layer_8: the night saw ing my dream that stil he went on in gray dread of the wide beasts  heard them roar yet they did hem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy to i kim and still in front of the lodge where a watchful god
	layer_10: the night saw in my dream that steel he went on in grey dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy to he came and stool in front of the lodge where he' watchful god
	layer_12: the night saw in my dream that steel he went on in grey dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy to he kame and stool in front of the lodge where e'd watchful god

file: 7697-105815-0040.flac
expected: christian sir what house is this may i rest here to night
	layer_2: prston surp oat houste tis men rest here da nied
	layer_4: priston sir what housit this mh resh here tonihdt
	layer_6: prisian sir what house if this ma resh here to niht
	layer_8: pristian sir what house af this may a resht here to night
	layer_10: christian sir what house if this may a rest here to night
	layer_12: christian sir what house if this may arrest here to night

file: 7697-105815-0041.flac
expected: when watchful told her why christian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_2: wan wate fou toder wikequishtin hat tom ther she sad what i shor nane
	layer_4: when wache fo told her whikeuistion had tome there she said what is shur name
	layer_6: when watchfol told her why quistien had tome there she said what isyour name
	layer_8: when watchfoul told her why quistian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_10: when watchfold told her why quristian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_12: when watchfolt told her why curistian had come there she said what is your name

file: 7697-105815-0042.flac
expected: then christian bent down his head and went with them to the house
	layer_2: thencristo be do s hed and whene withem to hous
	layer_4: then cristrm ben dayse head and when with em tot house
	layer_6: then christan bendays head and when with them toit hous
	layer_8: then christian bendais head and went with them to  house
	layer_10: then christian bent dahs head and went with them to ouse
	layer_12: then christian bent al his head and went with them to house

file: 7697-105815-0043.flac
expected: piety come good christian since our love prompts us to take you in to rest let us talk with you of all that you have seen on your way
	layer_2: hity con goit cristn seem s ar lo a promses to tae heulin to rest thati s tork with hyou a fore that shou hav seing on your way
	layer_4: hihty canm good cristion seenstar lo crompsers to tayke heling to rest lhat is talk with you afor that shou have seeng on your way
	layer_6: highty calm good cristion seenst our lov crompses to take hilin to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_8: highty calm good christian seincet our love crumps us to take heing to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_10: heighty calme good christian since our love crompts us to take helin to rest let us talk with you a for that should have seen on your way
	layer_12: heighty calme good christian since our love crompts us to take helin to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way

file: 7697-105815-0044.flac
expected: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_2: cfourson with a ride go wo and o im blat that shore should asket o me
	layer_4: crison with a rihd gote oe and  imglat that ser should asket of me
	layer_6: crsian with a right goot re and  em glat that she should askit of me
	layer_8: christian with a right good wu and i am glad that she should ask it of me
	layer_10: chrisian with a right good u and i am glad that sheu should ask it of me
	layer_12: christian with a right good bu and i am glad that sheu should ask it of me

file: 7697-105815-0045.flac
expected: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish so much to go to mount zion
	layer_2: troudeims and firs say at is ive that masioul wishtio mucht goodd mone thie
	layer_4: crudans and first say whatis ie that masoul wishtil much t god mongtione
	layer_6: crudence and first say what is if that may shoul wish till much godo monht ian
	layer_8: prudence and first say what is it that maysho wish till much togo to moncaian
	layer_10: prudence and first say what is it that mesha wish to much to go to monaion
	layer_12: prudence and first say what is it that mesha wish to much to go to monaion

file: 7697-105815-0046.flac
expected: there they say is no death and there i shall dwell with such as love the lord
	layer_2: thre they say is no deth and the re i sh a dol with such us not te lorg
	layer_4: there they say is no death and the re i sha dol with such as love de lord
	layer_6: there they say is no death and there i shae dol with such ast lov de lord
	layer_8: there they say is no death and there i shall doo with such as love de lord
	layer_10: there they say i's no death and there i shall doa with such as love de lord
	layer_12: there they say it's no death and there i shall doel with such as love de lord

file: 7697-105815-0047.flac
expected: charity have you a wife and babes christian yes i have
	layer_2: chartin hav bou wecan bavs corisiio he is aw hav
	layer_4: charety have your whi e an bavse tricu heas i halvf
	layer_6: charty have youa wike and bas tricu yes ar half
	layer_8: charity have you a wife and baves tresu yes  have
	layer_10: charity have you wife and baes tricu yes i hafe
	layer_12: charity have you a wife and baes trisue yes i have

file: 7697-105815-0048.flac
expected: charity and why did you not bring them with you
	layer_2: chareting the winit ou not rin themn with you
	layer_4: chariting ne wineit you not bring then with you
	layer_6: chariting le winit you not gbring then with you
	layer_8: charoting lewinats you not bring them with you
	layer_10: chariti lewin at you not bring them with you
	layer_12: charitin lewine at you not bring them with you

file: 7697-105815-0049.flac
expected: but they would not come with me nor have me leave them
	layer_2: bu the would not com with me nor hae me leson
	layer_4: but they would not come with me nor half me leashom
	layer_6: but they would not come with me nor half me liasten
	layer_8: but they would not come with me nor haf me lizem
	layer_10: but they would not come with me nor haf me lisem
	layer_12: but they would not come with me nor haf me lisem

file: 7697-105815-0050.flac
expected: thus did christian talk with these friends till it grew dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slept till break of day and then he sang a hymn
	layer_2: thoust it prstion tock with this pranstuit roam darg and then hed to hisresst ing large ron the nang o wich wast pes there he s lat to ewld breaf ao day and then he sami hein
	layer_4: thost id pistion tolck with this pranstudit rom dorg and then hetoo hispresset in large roomn the namg o which wash pece there hes laped to break o day and then he sam a him
	layer_6: thus dit qristian talk with his frians tulit room darg and then he too his rest in large room the name of which was piece there he slapped toyou break o day and then he san ahine
	layer_8: thus did qhristian talk with his friends stuedet room darg and then he took his rest in large room the name of which wash peace there he slapped to youu break a day and then he santmahin
	layer_10: thus did christian talk with his friends tuet room dark and then he took his brest in large room the name of which wash peace there he slapped to youwod break of day and then he saint ahin
	layer_12: thus did christian talk with his friends tudet groom dark and then he took his brest in large room the name of which wash peace there he slapped to you would break of day and then he sant ahin

file: 7697-105815-0051.flac
expected: and they brought out the jaw bone of an ass with which samson did such great feats and the sling and stone with which david slew goliath of gath
	layer_2: and they brogt out he jown bon of ain as with which senson di such refies an the stleing and stoonwoith which dabie s luw godty of of dath
	layer_4: and they brougt ourt a jon bone of an as with which sensondi such greyfiese and the sleain and stoon with which dabit sluw gay oth of dath
	layer_6: and they brought out a john bone of an as with which sensind is such graphees and the slein and stone with which divit sluw galiath of tath
	layer_8: and they brought out a jon bone of an ass with which sensend is such grifes and the slin and stone with which divaslu galioth of taf
	layer_10: and they brought out a jon bone of an ass with which sensend id such grefies and the sling and stone with which divrslew galith of taf
	layer_12: and they brought out a jon bone of an ass with which sensend is such grefies and the slain and stone with which diverslew galioth of taf

file: 7697-105815-0052.flac
expected: what is the name of this land said christian
	layer_2: wase thn teimge of thi s lan se ricton
	layer_4: wais hen deme of ths len set cricton
	layer_6: wa is the dame of this lan said crician
	layer_8: what is the name of this land said crichan
	layer_10: what is the name of this land said crichian
	layer_12: what is the name of this land said crician

file: 7697-105815-0053.flac
expected: then they told him it was immanuel's land
	layer_2: then the tortim it was in mandous land
	layer_4: then the tollhim it wasim manus lend
	layer_6: then they told him it was sim manious land
	layer_8: then they told him it was simmaniusland
	layer_10: then they told him it was simanusland
	layer_12: then they told him it was simanusland

file: 1255-138279-0000.flac
expected: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_2: it was a night when soro ma comto the britist without causing any great senseivincongrouty whern with impressible persons love becomse sinstersness hop sings to mis giving and fath to hope when teex aerc iese a memorey tdas not stuer feedings of regreats ad opartunites for anbition that hav beenm past by and andtisipation doas not prompt to entarpriyes
	layer_4: it was an ight when sorrow may come to the brightist without causing any greate sensofin congrity whern with imprescible persons love becoms silisistursness hope sinsto mis giving and faith to hope when te execie o memory does not stur feedings of regret ad oppertunitis for ambition that have been parst by and and tisipation dos not prompet to enterprise
	layer_6: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressibale persons love becomes cilcstersness hope sings to miss giving and faith to hope when thexercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret ad opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and and ticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_8: it was a knight when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicustosness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when thexercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_10: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_12: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise

file: 1255-138279-0001.flac
expected: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their media of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_2: still to od clos obsever they orjust as porceptiable the differencis that their mediar of mandif estation ollest tright and formilar hand such well ntho ones as thee busting of the bods o the forl of the lief
	layer_4: still to ad closeoubserver they ure justus perceptible the differenc es that their mediar of mani estation ar less triht and farmilia than such well thom ones as thee bursting of the buds oar the falrl of the lief
	layer_6: still two ad closeobserver they are just as perceptible the diference is that their mediar of manifestation are less triht and familia than such well nom ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the lieaf
	layer_8: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medioar of manifestation are less tright and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_10: still too a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medio of manifestation are less strit and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_12: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medior of manifestation are less strit and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf

file: 1255-138279-0002.flac
expected: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if any thing could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_2: hev en ifthin could be darck of than the scy it was the wal and iven ifthin could bed glumir than the wall it was the rivo be neeth
	layer_4: ev en ythinkcoul be darck of han the sky it was the wall and iv anyf hink couldbe glumiar than the wall it was the river baneath
	layer_6: if anythingcould be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomiar than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_8: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_10: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_12: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath

file: 1255-138279-0003.flac
expected: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_2: an indis cribable succession of dowl blos peplecing in ther regularty sent thir sound with dificltythrugh tha fluthy apposfre
	layer_4: and indiscribable succession of doull blos perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficuty through the flufhy aospfare
	layer_6: an indescribable succession of dul blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffhy apmospheere
	layer_8: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_10: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_12: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere

file: 1255-138279-0004.flac
expected: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_2: not l after a formmant moveed by the brink of the river
	layer_4: not l after ar form at moved by the brink of the river
	layer_6: not lo after a form  moved by the brink of the river
	layer_8: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_10: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_12: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river

file: 1255-138279-0005.flac
expected: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_2: theis was al that was posit ovfly discoverable there t seemed human
	layer_4: this was all that was possitif ly discoverable theouh it seemed human
	layer_6: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_8: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_10: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_12: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human

file: 1255-138279-0006.flac
expected: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_2: the shape went slowl allon but without much exersion for the snow tho suddn bas ot as yet moe than two inchis deep
	layer_4: the shape went slowl along but without much exersion for the sno though sudden bas not as yet more than to inches deep
	layer_6: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_8: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_10: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_12: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep

file: 1255-138279-0007.flac
expected: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_2: at this timesom words waspoken aloud one
	layer_4: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_6: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_8: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_10: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_12: at this time some words were spoken aloud one

file: 1255-138279-0008.flac
expected: two three
	layer_2: to thre
	layer_4: to three
	layer_6: two three
	layer_8: two three
	layer_10: two three
	layer_12: two three

file: 1255-138279-0009.flac
expected: four five
	layer_2: for fiee
	layer_4: fo fife
	layer_6: for five
	layer_8: four five
	layer_10: four five
	layer_12: four five

file: 1255-138279-0010.flac
expected: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_2: buetween each uterance the tittl shap atd vancst about hafid as nne ards
	layer_4: buetween each uterance the dittle shap etvanct about half eid os nards
	layer_6: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half ardozenyards
	layer_8: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_10: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_12: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards

file: 1255-138279-0011.flac
expected: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_2: he ethe spot stopet and indled smaorler
	layer_4: he rethe spot stopped and dwindaled smaler
	layer_6: here ther spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_8: herethe spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_10: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_12: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller

file: 1255-138279-0012.flac
expected: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_2: then amosl of sno flew acrosstherever to wards the fif th windo
	layer_4: then a morsal of snow flew across the rever to wards the fifth window
	layer_6: then a morcel of snow flew across the rever towards the fifth window
	layer_8: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_10: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_12: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window

file: 1255-138279-0013.flac
expected: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_2: the river would hav been ceen by day t be ofthatedeep smoth sout which races mitleansies with the same dligting procision an y iregulartis of speed beng immegidcorected boas mal wolple
	layer_4: the river would have been seen by day to be of that a deep smooth sougt which races middleansides with the same ligding procision an hy irigularitis of sped beng immejitlicorected by smal worlple
	layer_6: the river would hav been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the same dligding procision any irrigularities of speed beng immegictely corrected by small worlple
	layer_8: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same deligding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpl
	layer_10: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the same gligding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_12: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the same glighding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool

file: 1255-138279-0014.flac
expected: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_2: the winore was strock a gam in the same maner
	layer_4: the winne wer struck a gane in the same manner
	layer_6: the window wer struck a gain in the same manner
	layer_8: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_10: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_12: the window was struck again in the same manner

file: 1255-138279-0015.flac
expected: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_2: then anois was herd aparcla prodused by the oenye fthe windo
	layer_4: then anoyse was herd a paricly produced by the openy of the window
	layer_6: then a noise was heard apparically produced by the openy of the window
	layer_8: then a noise was heard apparetally produced by the openng of the window
	layer_10: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the openig of the window
	layer_12: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window

file: 1255-138279-0016.flac
expected: said the blurred spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_2: said the blourd spottin the skno riilersly
	layer_4: said the bloird spot in the snow tremilessly
	layer_6: said the bloord spot in the snow remulously
	layer_8: said the blurd spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_10: said the blird spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_12: said the blired spot in the snow tremulously

file: 1255-138279-0017.flac
expected: i asked which was your window forgive me
	layer_2: i as which was your window forgive me
	layer_4: i aspich was your window forgive me
	layer_6: i askwhich was your window forgive me
	layer_8: i aske which was your window forgive me
	layer_10: i ask ich was your window forgive me
	layer_12: i ask whic was your window forgive me

file: 1255-138279-0018.flac
expected: well i said that you might
	layer_2: whan i sad the ou migt
	layer_4: whel i said that you might
	layer_6: when i said that you might
	layer_8: wel i said that you might
	layer_10: well i said that you might
	layer_12: well i said that you might

file: 1255-138279-0019.flac
expected: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_2: ho must i it is when shall we be maried friank
	layer_4: o musti it is when shall be be married frank
	layer_6: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_8: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_10: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_12: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank

file: 1255-138279-0020.flac
expected: i have money
	layer_2: i have  mony
	layer_4: i have money
	layer_6: i have money
	layer_8: i have money
	layer_10: i have money
	layer_12: i have money

file: 1255-138279-0021.flac
expected: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_2: and be liv in two parshes doe what then
	layer_4: and we leve in two parshes doy what then
	layer_6: and we live in two parishes doe what then
	layer_8: and we live in two parishes doe what then
	layer_10: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_12: and we live in two parishes do we what then

file: 1255-138279-0022.flac
expected: if i said so of course i will
	layer_2: if i s id solf caos i wil
	layer_4: if i sit sof cousei will
	layer_6: if i sit solve course i will
	layer_8: if i sid sof course i will
	layer_10: if i said so course i will
	layer_12: if i said so course i will

file: 1255-138279-0023.flac
expected: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_2: the fect is i forgot to ask
	layer_4: the fectis i fogot to ask
	layer_6: the factis i forgot to ask
	layer_8: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_10: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_12: the fact is i forgot to ask

file: 1255-138279-0024.flac
expected: good night frank good night
	layer_2: could ni've frik gold night
	layer_4: cod nipe frake god night
	layer_6: good nihp frek good night
	layer_8: good night frak good night
	layer_10: good night frak good night
	layer_12: good night frak good night

file: 1255-90407-0000.flac
expected: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_2: he hapenothing serioushad hapent to drake her out et suc an untoward s time
	layer_4: he haps nothing serius had happenet to dreake her out ad such an untorward time
	layer_6: he hoped nothing serius had happened to dreak her out at such an unterward time
	layer_8: he hoped nothing serious had happened to dreag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_10: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an unteward time
	layer_12: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an unteward time

file: 1255-90407-0001.flac
expected: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_2: but is ther rain gave not the theast sine of sessation he abserved i thinkt wichal haveto goback never
	layer_4: but as the rayn gave not the theast signe of sessation he observed i think wicsha have to goback never
	layer_6: but as the rayin gave not the theast sign of sessation he observed i think we shalhave to go back never
	layer_8: but as the rain gave not the least sign of censsation he observed i think we shllhave to go back never
	layer_10: but as the rain gave not the least sign of censation he observed i think we shalhave to go back never
	layer_12: but as the rain gave not the least sign of censation he observed i think we shall ave to go back never

file: 1255-90407-0002.flac
expected: why not he inquired
	layer_2: wy not hencard
	layer_4: wy not hen cart
	layer_6: why not hincuart
	layer_8: why not hincuard
	layer_10: why not hinquard
	layer_12: why not hinquared

file: 1255-90407-0003.flac
expected: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_2: i cannot on te stand how ou should noa me whal i have no non it of ou
	layer_4: i cannot understand how you should no me whale i have now onitge af you
	layer_6: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knonladge of youw
	layer_8: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_10: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_12: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you

file: 1255-90407-0004.flac
expected: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_2: o bhut you no me abo t meatleast
	layer_4: obut you kno me about me at least
	layer_6: o but you know me about me at least
	layer_8: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_10: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_12: oh but you know me about me at least

file: 1255-90407-0005.flac
expected: i should think so
	layer_2: it ould thinkso
	layer_4: hi sh oul think so
	layer_6: i should think so
	layer_8: i should think so
	layer_10: i should think so
	layer_12: i should think so

file: 1255-90407-0006.flac
expected: he's my father indeed
	layer_2: he se my father indeed
	layer_4: hes my father indeed
	layer_6: he'is my father indeed
	layer_8: heis my father indeed
	layer_10: he is my father indeed
	layer_12: he is my father indeed

file: 1255-90407-0007.flac
expected: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_2: but we ave beentennunts of sil voinyar cossl on the ilend hr the seson
	layer_4: but we hve ben tennentse of silvania casle on the alend her the ceason
	layer_6: but we have ben tenants of silvania catle on the island here this season
	layer_8: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_10: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_12: but we have been tenants of sylvenia castle on the island here this season

file: 1255-90407-0008.flac
expected: my father's is a comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_2: miy fa thesisussi comparclyof thy humble risitdan'shard by
	layer_4: my fathers isas se comparacul ive the humble risidence hard by
	layer_6: my fathers is is sicomparical ovethe humble residence hard by
	layer_8: my father's is a sa comparical ofely humble residence hard by
	layer_10: my fathers is asa comparialively humble residence hard by
	layer_12: my fathers is as a comparialively humble residence hard by

file: 1255-90407-0009.flac
expected: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_2: but he cgould o fort o much bick a won if he chos
	layer_4: but he cood a fort af much bick a wone if he chos
	layer_6: but he could affourt a much bicka one if he chose
	layer_8: but he could afford a much bicger one if he chose
	layer_10: but he could aford a much bigker one if he chose
	layer_12: but he could afford a much bigker one if he chose

file: 1255-90407-0010.flac
expected: you have heard so
	layer_2: you hhd si
	layer_4: you've hrtsi
	layer_6: you'hve art si
	layer_8: you have heart so
	layer_10: you have heard sir
	layer_12: you have heard sir

file: 1255-90407-0011.flac
expected: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_2: i doed now he dustn'tomy much of his of hairs
	layer_4: i do't now he dusn telme much of his of airs
	layer_6: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_8: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_10: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_12: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs

file: 1255-90407-0012.flac
expected: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_2: my father she birst out sudny is aways scoltyng me for ykestravigance
	layer_4: my father she burset out suddny is alwayscolding me for y etrevigancs
	layer_6: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extrevigance
	layer_8: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_10: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_12: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance

file: 1255-90407-0013.flac
expected: was that this evening
	layer_2: as that thisevening
	layer_4: was that thes evening
	layer_6: was that this evening
	layer_8: was that this evening
	layer_10: was that this evening
	layer_12: was that this evening

file: 1255-90407-0014.flac
expected: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_2: ther on the nets they sat
	layer_4: there on the nets they sat
	layer_6: there on the nets they sat
	layer_8: there on the nets they sat
	layer_10: there on the nets they sat
	layer_12: there on the nets they sat

file: 1255-90407-0015.flac
expected: jocelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagues to this daughter of the capulets
	layer_2: jasl intfort it strange o that he shol be from by faiten to oposition to play ther son of te montoguse to this daurter of the capidats
	layer_4: justlinforgt it strange o that he should be throm by fat into apporsition to play the son of the ontaguse to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_6: joctlinhorgt it strange that he shuld be thrown by fate into a position to play the sun ef the monteguese to this daughter of the capitites
	layer_8: joselein thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montarguse to this daughter of the capidets
	layer_10: josselin tought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagus to this daughter of the capidets
	layer_12: joscelin thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagus to this daughter of the capidets

file: 1255-90407-0016.flac
expected: no i shall go on and get a lodging in budmouth town if ever i reach it
	layer_2: nheo i sall go onan get a lodging in bup oth tin ife ever i reachit
	layer_4: no i shllgo on and get a loging in bubeth tiwn if ever ireachit
	layer_6: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bubeth tiwn if ever i reach it
	layer_8: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bubbeth townd if ever i reach it
	layer_10: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babath town if ever i reach it
	layer_12: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babath town if ever i reach it

file: 1255-90407-0017.flac
expected: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_2: it is solatof the thet wlre enor hus open axsep tor bittle placsty re therstation m yo wont karetr stay
	layer_4: it is so late of tha that wll ben no house open accep to little placete a the station wiere you wont care to stay
	layer_6: it is so lateof that that will be no house open eccept a little place nea the station wilrl you won't care to stay
	layer_8: it is so late that there will be no house open ecept a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_10: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_12: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay

file: 1255-90407-0018.flac
expected: the island was an island still
	layer_2: the eilaned was an ilent stil
	layer_4: the iland was an iland still
	layer_6: the island was an island still
	layer_8: the island was an island still
	layer_10: the island was an island still
	layer_12: the island was an island still

file: 1255-90407-0019.flac
expected: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_2: they had nont ren ized the fors of the atimence tol now
	layer_4: they had not reanlize the forse of the edements til now
	layer_6: they had not rellized the force of the enements till now
	layer_8: they had not realized the force of the enements till now
	layer_10: they had not realied the force of the elements till now
	layer_12: they had not realized the force of the elements till now

file: 1255-90407-0020.flac
expected: he steadied her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_2: he sted id her bodly by in surtling her wacet with his arng and she made no rbjection
	layer_4: he sided her bodairly  by incirckling her wast with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_6: he sided her bodirly by incircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_8: he sided her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_10: he sided her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_12: he sided her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection

file: 1255-90407-0021.flac
expected: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_2: he pititer and wie he ond edated at mard her determination
	layer_4: he pittither and while he wonderd at ed ad mard her determination
	layer_6: he pit et her and while he wanded at it admard her determination
	layer_8: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admared her determination
	layer_10: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_12: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination

file: 1255-90407-0022.flac
expected: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_2: ther aplication foroamission led te to the with groar of a boald and they stood within the gaslit of the passige
	layer_4: there application for amission lead o to the with dral of aboat and tey stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_6: their application for a mission led to the withdrawl of a boalt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_8: their application for admission led to the withdrawl of a bolt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_10: their application for admission led to the withdrawel of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage
	layer_12: their application for admission led to the withdrawel of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage

file: 1255-90407-0023.flac
expected: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_2: he could see now the thou she was such af fine ficer quit ars tarldars himself she was but tin the bloom of young woman hoord
	layer_4: he could see now that though she was such a fine figer quit as tall ers himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_6: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall ers himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_8: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_10: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_12: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood

file: 1255-90407-0024.flac
expected: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_2: i wlre til the selvert to do thisond sen you ups on thy deeat
	layer_4: i wil til the selvent to do this and cend you ups on the doeat
	layer_6: i will tell the servant to do this and send youups on the do eat
	layer_8: i will tell the servant to do this and send you upson te o eat
	layer_10: i will tell the servant to do this and send you upsome thee to eat
	layer_12: i will tell the servant to do this and send you upsom thee to eat

file: 1255-90407-0025.flac
expected: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_2: he felt reavin as lhey hungry himself and sed about drying his lo the sas wllas he couod and eateing oft the same time
	layer_4: he felt ravenusly hungry himself and set about drying his cloth thasas wellas he could and eating at the same time
	layer_6: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his cloth tas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_8: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_10: he felt revernously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_12: he felt revernously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time

file: 1255-90407-0026.flac
expected: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contriving to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_2: by the ad or some temporeraps son somesliprs from the cobrd he was condtrived to make imself comfrtable when the madeselv anet camed anstairs whit thae damp amforl of womans rament
	layer_4: by the eaid of some tempr arapsand some slippers from the couberd he was contrived to mak himself comfortable when the made serv ant camed anstairs with t a dampr armful of woman's rament
	layer_6: by the aid of some tempry raps and some slippers from the cubbard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came donstairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_8: by the aid of some tempory wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_10: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_12: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment

file: 1255-90407-0027.flac
expected: you are sleepy my girl said pierston
	layer_2: ou wa stlep i my gel said pison
	layer_4: you wale sleap hi my go said pieston
	layer_6: you all sleep i my go said pierson
	layer_8: you will sleep hi my gir said pieeson
	layer_10: you will sleep y my girl said pierson
	layer_12: you will sleep y my girl said pierson

file: 1255-90407-0028.flac
expected: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_2: he ea gaime becan concies of the chain whic to ben in ishated join te bak
	layer_4: he agane becanme consious of the chained which to ben anissiated geon the bak
	layer_6: he againd became conscious of the chaind which had been initiated joing the walk
	layer_8: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated duing the wark
	layer_10: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the wark
	layer_12: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the wark

file: 1255-90407-0029.flac
expected: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attire
	layer_2: the wellbllovid was movi house had gon over to the wara of this etir
	layer_4: the well beloveid was moving house had gon over to the waro of this atar
	layer_6: the woll beloved was moving house had gone over to the warer of this atire
	layer_8: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_10: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_12: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar

file: 1255-90407-0030.flac
expected: and how about little avice caro
	layer_2: and howbout ittlleve his caro
	layer_4: and how bot ittle evehis carrow
	layer_6: and hawbaut little eve hi's carrow
	layer_8: and how about little evi's carrow
	layer_10: and how about little ev's carrow
	layer_12: and how about little eve's carrow

file: 1255-74899-0000.flac
expected: things arrange themselves
	layer_2: things arange themselves
	layer_4: things arange themselves
	layer_6: things arrange themselves
	layer_8: things arrange themselves
	layer_10: things arrange themselves
	layer_12: things arrange themselves

file: 1255-74899-0001.flac
expected: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_2: but the contis neve a gave way an inghe
	layer_4: but the cantice never gave way an inch
	layer_6: but the countis never gave way an inch
	layer_8: but the cantess never gave way an inch
	layer_10: but the contes never gave way an inch
	layer_12: but the contes never gave way an inch

file: 1255-74899-0002.flac
expected: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_2: the following was the ansar wic she returnd so the not riten to her by and juliar
	layer_4: the following was the answer which she returned sod the noto rittend to her by ardi julia
	layer_6: the following was the answer which she returned so the note written to her by artrjulia
	layer_8: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_10: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_12: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia

file: 1255-74899-0003.flac
expected: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_2: i shoule on't owr hard ed grink wime ithem and shoud do ar hunderathings whec toud make themthing me ar bast
	layer_4: i shoul notkno hawd ot drink wime wit thm and shed to a hundr ethings whireh woud make them thing me a beast
	layer_6: i should not know how to drink whine with them and she do a hundere f things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_8: i should not know how to drink winewith them and shuld do a hundre of things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_10: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred of things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_12: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred of things which would make them think me a beast

file: 1255-74899-0004.flac
expected: but the girl begged for some delay
	layer_2: buot the gar bate for some to day
	layer_4: but the gu bat for some to day
	layer_6: but the girl begged for some to day
	layer_8: but the girl begged for some to day
	layer_10: but the girl begged for some do day
	layer_12: but the girl begged for some do day

file: 1255-74899-0005.flac
expected: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_2: hit was a mat of the requardt to be considerd
	layer_4: it was a mat of the trequirdt to be consided
	layer_6: it was a mat of thet trequired to be considered
	layer_8: it was a mater that require to be considered
	layer_10: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_12: it was a matter that required to be considered

file: 1255-74899-0006.flac
expected: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_2: pride en him myht uis wek as prid in then
	layer_4: priede in him might be us week as pried in then
	layer_6: pride in him might be as weak as prite in then
	layer_8: pride in him might be as weak as pright in then
	layer_10: pride in him might be as weak as priht in them
	layer_12: pride in him might be as weak as priht in them

file: 1255-74899-0007.flac
expected: if they would put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_2: iv the wir put iut their hansto him why should e rofused to put u is on
	layer_4: ep he wilre put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put hou his own
	layer_6: i theye werel put out their hands to him why should he refused to put out his own
	layer_8: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_10: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_12: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own

file: 1255-74899-0008.flac
expected: our tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his client and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_2: arttadar reeivet im curtiusly handin lrndd to like the man an destaniyg that hie had behaed with onisty and wisdom inregard to his cland andrespectingim as one of the work as of the day but he de clard that fol tha ovle faminy as a family he did not carefordthempotikculy
	layer_4: oar tala received him curtieusly hadhing learned to like the man undestaning that hel had behaved with onesty and wisdom in regard to his cland and respectinghim as one of the workers of the day but he dedclared that for the lovele family as a family he did not care for themperticully
	layer_6: artalor received him curtiously having learned to like the man understanding that he he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respectinghim as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particully
	layer_8: artailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_10: artalor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his claent and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_12: artalor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his claent and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly

file: 1255-74899-0009.flac
expected: they are poles asunder from me he said
	layer_2: te r pols ta sande fror me he said
	layer_4: they ar poles a sander from me he said
	layer_6: they are poles a sander from me he said
	layer_8: ther are poles asunder from me he said
	layer_10: they are poles asander from me he said
	layer_12: they are poles asander from me he said

file: 1255-74899-0010.flac
expected: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_2: but byyorl god forton a meridt ivf you l alamito say ca you have trovo from the one pol tvhery far oal s y other
	layer_4: but by your good fortun a merit if you will a lamy to say sa you have trave from the one pol very far towalds he other
	layer_6: but by your good fortune ae merrit if you will allow me to say so you have travele from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_8: but by your good fortune an merit if you will allow me to say so you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_10: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_12: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other

file: 1255-74899-0011.flac
expected: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_2: a presond i thit thof the sents of the countrias in faver of an aristocrsy ofe barh
	layer_4: a present i thic thef the sense of the countries in faver of an arrestocracy of burth
	layer_6: a present i think that the sense of the countryi s in favor of an aristocracy of berth
	layer_8: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favor of an aristocracy of berth
	layer_10: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_12: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth

file: 1255-74899-0012.flac
expected: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_2: when you erefor mostamonglem ti you not wish to be their master
	layer_4: when you wer for mosta mong them tid you not wish to be their master
	layer_6: when you were for most among them did do not wish to be their master
	layer_8: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_10: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_12: when you were formost amongt them did you not wish to be their master

file: 1255-74899-0013.flac
expected: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_2: hit is on to it ual leg e sitsive tha a humen efat shuod and mast tend
	layer_4: hit is one to bitull leguscitlive an ol human eford shouod and must tend
	layer_6: it is one to itjewl legicitive and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_8: it is one to which  awll legisative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_10: it is one to which all legisative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_12: it is one to which all legisative and all human efforts should and must tend

file: 1255-74899-0014.flac
expected: when you make much water boil mister thwaite some of it will probably boil over
	layer_2: wen you mate much watta boilmiss of fate sow thatble probely billover
	layer_4: when you make much wat of boyloe miste fagt sow vit wule probaly biyl over
	layer_6: when you make much wate boiol mister thrait soe o vit will probably boil over
	layer_8: when you make much water boi l mister thrat some of it will probably boil over
	layer_10: when you make much water boil mister thrate some of it will probably boil over
	layer_12: when you make much water boil mister thrate some of it will probably boil over

file: 1255-74899-0015.flac
expected: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_2: i quight at gre ithyou that the sy gand shol be kep for their elders and sai the comvation was ended
	layer_4: i quite a gree wit you that the sillt gan hol be kept for their elders and sai the confisation was ended
	layer_6: i quite agree with you that the silk gans shuld be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_8: i quite agree with you that the silk gans should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_10: i quite agree with you that the silk gans hould be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_12: i quite agree with you that the silk gans hould be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended

file: 1255-74899-0016.flac
expected: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_2: with her the was a re al wish thatf the pos mip bejind to gether by haf u chor husbpened
	layer_4: with her there was a reowish that the polse migh bejoind together by her futu husband
	layer_6: with her there was a real wish that the poles might bejoined together by her future husband
	layer_8: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_10: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_12: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband

file: 1255-74899-0017.flac
expected: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_2: hv you ready wish id you sl go he said
	layer_4: ive you ready wis i you sha go he said
	layer_6: if you readly wishe you shall go he said
	layer_8: if you really wih i you shall go he said
	layer_10: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_12: if you really wish it you shall go he said

file: 1255-74899-0018.flac
expected: and a blue one to be married in alas me
	layer_2: and able one to be mbardin hu as me
	layer_4: and  ble one to be marridin u ask me
	layer_6: and ablue one to be maridin ha askd me
	layer_8: and a blue one to be marriedin a aske me
	layer_10: and a blue one to be marridin a as me
	layer_12: and a blue one to be marriedin at as me

file: 1255-74899-0019.flac
expected: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_2: must ive ar pink sil gown to wak about in ari in th morning
	layer_4: must i have ar pink silt gowndto walk about in early in the morning
	layer_6: must i have a pink silt gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_8: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_10: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_12: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning

file: 1255-74899-0020.flac
expected: i'd sooner see you darning my worsted stockings sweetheart
	layer_2: i sounas ee dand my wrst hid stoking his weethart
	layer_4: id soonasseev dane my worst in stocking ha sweet eart
	layer_6: i soonas i've dawne my worstin stocking the seetheart
	layer_8: id soon as youve daned my worst in stocking the sweet heart
	layer_10: is soon as you' dawned my worst in stocking the sweetheart
	layer_12: is soon as you' danned my worst in stocking the sweetheart

file: 1255-74899-0021.flac
expected: i can do that too
	layer_2: i coand dot ha too
	layer_4: i coan do th had to
	layer_6: i can doth hat to
	layer_8: i can doth hat to
	layer_10: i can doththat to
	layer_12: i can doo that to

file: 1255-74899-0022.flac
expected: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_2: andnow al sit ton ar rigt a letti the my ld
	layer_4: an ow ill sit done an rigta let er ter my lord
	layer_6: and now ill sit downe and rital letter to my lord
	layer_8: and nhou i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_10: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_12: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord

file: 1255-90413-0000.flac
expected: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_2: she dras close anda sat his fis
	layer_4: she drawse cloe and sat is fiys
	layer_6: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_8: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_10: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_12: she draws close and satisfies

file: 1255-90413-0001.flac
expected: he could not forget missus pine avon's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_2: he could not forget misus pinaveen's eys ther heu remembut nothing of her other facial detells
	layer_4: he could not forget missus pin aven's eyes thet he remembere nothing of her other facial detells
	layer_6: he could not forget missus pine avan's eyes thaugh he remembered nothing of her other facial deteils
	layer_8: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_10: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other fatial details
	layer_12: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other fatial details

file: 1255-90413-0002.flac
expected: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_2: afte wad s they ckept upart awill in the droing rom for form sak but hventulyg grevertatedts togevhir a gaine and finish the evening ineach aother's compirny
	layer_4: afterwards they kept a part arwirl in the drawing room for form sake but hav entully gravitateds together again and finish the evening ineach other's company
	layer_6: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawingroom for form sake but eventuarly gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_8: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawingroom for forms sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_10: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for forms sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_12: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for forms sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company

file: 1255-90413-0003.flac
expected: but this was not all
	layer_2: but hiswas not all
	layer_4: but this was not all
	layer_6: but this was not all
	layer_8: but this was not all
	layer_10: but this was not all
	layer_12: but this was not all

file: 1255-90413-0004.flac
expected: but was he able
	layer_2: but wos  able
	layer_4: but wa e able
	layer_6: but was he able
	layer_8: but was he able
	layer_10: but was he able
	layer_12: but was he able

file: 1255-90413-0005.flac
expected: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_2: it was un firetogove ferther without teltingher even tho it the two such expisites ad not ben apsidetclydemanded
	layer_4: it was unfaire to gav ferther without telling her even though hi the two such explicinisce had not ben asidlutly demanded
	layer_6: it was unfar to gove further without telling her even though hither two such expliciness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_8: it was unfaire to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_10: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_12: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded

file: 1255-90413-0006.flac
expected: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_2: he dtrmente toe colimetily on the nw incanation
	layer_4: he determents to call imeatetly on the new inconation
	layer_6: he determins to call imeditely on the new incarnation
	layer_8: he determined to call immediately on the new incanation
	layer_10: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_12: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation

file: 1255-90413-0007.flac
expected: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_2: she div not far from the long fashonable hemtanthu squere and he went ther therg with expectations of having a higte amotional time atleast
	layer_4: she live not far from the long fashionable hemptaon shusquare and he went the theuh with expectations of having a higly amotional time at least
	layer_6: she live not far from the long fashonable hamptonchure square and he went thrthergh with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_8: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonsher square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_10: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshre square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_12: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshere square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least

file: 1255-90413-0008.flac
expected: but somehow the very bell pull seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_2: but some ow the vaty belpl seemn co oll thorg she had s er uanstey ast ime to con
	layer_4: but some how the veny belpl seemed col al thugh she had ser urnerstlhy askt him to come
	layer_6: but somehow the very belple seemed coal al thoug she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_8: but somehow the very bell pool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_10: but somehow the very bell pool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_12: but somehow the very bell pool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come

file: 1255-90413-0009.flac
expected: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in the chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_2: rasing he eyes and a sightlhy in qarring an of from te bookshe has reating she lente backin hear chaire as if soking herself in lucx ordiurs sensations which ad nothig to do with him and replied do his greating with a fw comen place words
	layer_4: rasing her eyes an a slighely inquiring man er from the book she was reading she lent backin her chaire as if suking her self in lucxeurdious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greating with a few common place words
	layer_6: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxyorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_8: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_10: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_12: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words

file: 1255-90413-0010.flac
expected: just as they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_2: justhr s they turn the derr inte porto the space of a singale night sar this old re as bentaken andoctorden trited abortim bragt it rs ar new popilar dity in eed
	layer_4: just tes they turn we dearar intor pourtin the space of a single night sa this old air has been taken and doctordan tristed aboutam brught ioutas a new popila dity inded
	layer_6: justas they turn aderar interport in the space of a single night sa this old air has been taken and doctord and tristed about and brought out as a new popular dity indeed
	layer_8: justas they turn madera intor port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctor and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_10: justas they turn madeera into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_12: justac they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed

file: 1255-90413-0011.flac
expected: she thawed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_2: she thourd ulitle and ten ther wentaon to tok abor t her house which a be neulypented and decorated with grenighe brlee satin up t o the height of ar persence ed and aroange men that someort him proved ter sligtly faded thos til prety face and as helped by the arnings ever the windors
	layer_4: she thougd a little and then they wen t on to tok about her hous which a bee newly painted and decorated with grenish bloese satin up to the hight of ar persence ead and arangemenet that somewht himproved her slitly faded thostill pritty face and as helpd by the ornings ever the windows
	layer_6: she thoughd a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had bee newly painted and decorated with greenish ble sat in up to the height of a person's head and arrangement that somewat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and as helped by the oawrnings over the windows
	layer_8: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satt in up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the oawnings over the windows
	layer_10: she thoughed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_12: she thorged a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows

file: 1255-90413-0012.flac
expected: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_2: hers sihave had my haw someers she bserved complacently and i l i eoud beter everear
	layer_4: he s have had my hows some yars shebserved complacently and i likcoud better ever yar
	layer_6: yes i have had my hous some years sh observed complacently and ilike yu better every year
	layer_8: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_10: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_12: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year

file: 1255-90413-0013.flac
expected: don't you feel lonely in it sometimes o never
	layer_2: don yu feld le nin it sometims o never
	layer_4: den't you feld le nein it sometimes o never
	layer_6: don't you feel lene in it sometimes oh never
	layer_8: don't you feel leney in it sometimes oh never
	layer_10: don't you feel levneyin it sometimes oh never
	layer_12: don't you feel levny in it sometimes oh never

file: 1255-90413-0014.flac
expected: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_2: hort ar an sivil thing to say she mrbid ins arpprice
	layer_4: what an unsivil thing to say she murbit incsurprice
	layer_6: what an uncivil thing to say she murbed in surprise
	layer_8: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_10: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_12: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise

file: 1255-90413-0015.flac
expected: it is rather uncivil
	layer_2: it his rothransivle
	layer_4: it is rovthrancivel
	layer_6: it is rather uncivil
	layer_8: it is rather uncivil
	layer_10: it is rather uncivil
	layer_12: it is rather uncivil

file: 1255-90413-0016.flac
expected: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_2: as u punishmant she didnot rin the bell but theftinto fint his way ort as he couuod
	layer_4: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but leftin to find his way art as he could
	layer_6: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left imto find his way out as he could
	layer_8: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_10: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_12: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could

file: 1255-90413-0017.flac
expected: i saw him at lady channelcliffe's the other night
	layer_2: i sohm at laty chun lclive seothe ight
	layer_4: i sowim ant lady chunnlclife ce othe night
	layer_6: i sawhim at lady chunnele clifse o ther night
	layer_8: i saw him at lady chunnel clifse other night
	layer_10: i saw him at lady chenneal cliff's the other night
	layer_12: i saw him at lady chunnel cliff's the other night

file: 1255-90413-0018.flac
expected: jocelyn pierston
	layer_2: josil inperst in
	layer_4: jusilimperston
	layer_6: jocel im pierscton
	layer_8: joselin perston
	layer_10: joceline perston
	layer_12: josselyne perston

file: 1255-90413-0019.flac
expected: o didn't he marry her
	layer_2: o did' te mary her
	layer_4: o didn'te mary her
	layer_6: oh didn't e marry her
	layer_8: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_10: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_12: oh didn't he marry her

file: 1255-90413-0020.flac
expected: said missus pine avon with a start
	layer_2: sid misut pinevern with the start
	layer_4: sit missud pin oven with a start
	layer_6: said missut pinophen with tha start
	layer_8: said missus pine open with a start
	layer_10: said missus pineopen with a start
	layer_12: said missus pineapen with a start

file: 1255-90413-0021.flac
expected: but jocelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_2: but juslem mas receeding fom the prety wides heus with long stries
	layer_4: but justlim was receeding from the pritty wid as huse with long strits
	layer_6: but jostlim was receeding from the pretty widows house with long strides
	layer_8: but joslyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_10: but josselymn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_12: but josselymn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides

file: 1255-90413-0022.flac
expected: lady iris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shown in there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine avon
	layer_2: thedy oari sud left the droing rom fromomento to see that a was right in the dining rom a en he bas shurn ion theirstord a lowne in the lamblight necallupinaveen
	layer_4: leady ari had lefto the droine rom from moment to see that alwas right in the dining rom ad wen he was shurnion therstod alone in the lamblight nicoll u pin aven
	layer_6: ladyris had left the drowingroom fr a moment to see that al was right in the dining room and when he was shurnion there stod alone in the lamblight nickhol ar pine aven
	layer_8: lady aris had left the drawing room fr a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was chenyan there stod alone in the lamblight nichola pine aven
	layer_10: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was chernien there stood alone in the lamplight nicolla pine aven
	layer_12: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was chernien there stood alone in the lamplight nickollapine aven

file: 1255-90413-0023.flac
expected: she had been the first arrival
	layer_2: she had been the ferst e rivl
	layer_4: she had ben the firsd arrival
	layer_6: she had been the first arrival
	layer_8: she had been the first arrival
	layer_10: she had been the first arrival
	layer_12: she had been the first arrival

file: 1255-90413-0024.flac
expected: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_2: as he ovthe geststroptin the pr retreated into ar shady corner and she toked becid him til al moved of for the eting and drinking
	layer_4: as e oterguessts troppedin the par retreated into a shady cornor and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_6: as he other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_8: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_10: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_12: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking

file: 1255-90413-0025.flac
expected: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_2: he had not ben appoinded to tak r acrosst o the daning om but of the table fand her exactly hopercit
	layer_4: he had not ben appointed to taker acrossto the dining room but a the table fand her exactly oppecit
	layer_6: he had not been apointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_8: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_10: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_12: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite

file: 1255-90413-0026.flac
expected: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_2: the spring in the present case was he ort tistic comandation  she deserved and craved
	layer_4: the spring in the present case was the artistic commondation she deserved and craved
	layer_6: the spring in the present case was the aurtistic commondation  she deserved and craved
	layer_8: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation  she deserved and craved
	layer_10: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_12: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved

file: 1255-90413-0027.flac
expected: the lady on jocelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_2: the edhe un' dosinincs left whife of r lard o just is of of appel was in like manar trorking to herc ompan on on the oto side so that for the time he was lef to to himself
	layer_4: the lady on jostolin's left wife of a law tor justhic of of appeal was in like mannear tolking to herkcom panon on the outeside so that for the time he was left to to himself
	layer_6: the lady on jostonin's left wife of a lard  justic of of apeal was in like mannere talking to her companin on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_8: the lady on joselyn's left wife of a lord justice of of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_10: the lady on joscelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_12: the lady on joscelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself

file: 1255-90413-0028.flac
expected: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommend as candidate for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_2: it kame from the wifef orf one of his faithas fom a workmen ad was consernning her son whom she baed juslintoereck ammand as coundidits for some posd in tan the he wished him to fill
	layer_4: it came from the wie orf one of his fathes forma workman and was concerning her suon whom she beged justlento recomend as counded its for some posd in ton that she wished him to fill
	layer_6: it came from the wife o one of his father's former workman and was concerning her son whom she beged jostlin to recomanders counded its for some post in toun that she wished him to fill
	layer_8: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joseline to recommend as coundidits for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_10: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joselyn to recommend us candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_12: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joscelyn to recommend us caundidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill

file: 1585-131718-0000.flac
expected: what is necessary to the completeness of the story at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of threads woven in and follow them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of events can be seen
	layer_2: what is net sury to the comqleanouss of the sty at this stage isnot tary cappedtho ligt but ti take upsome of the lose ands of the thrans whil wenhaing and folloed than throo an ti the cler and comperehencs thoe pictrur of te varns canby sing
	layer_4: what is nete sery to the compleness of the stry at thi sdage is not to ry capiedto liht but to take up some of the lose ands of te thrancs wo vee ning and folloewed than throu undto the clear and comprehens e picture of the vens can be saen
	layer_6: what is necessarye to the compleness of the stary at this sdage is not to rea capid o late tat to take up some of the loose ands of te thracs wo vening and followed them through undti the clear and comprehensethe picture of the vencs can be seen
	layer_8: what is necessary to the complenesse of the starry at this stage is not to re capitulate tat to take up some of the loose ends of the threats wovening and followed them through until the clear and comprehensethe picture of the vents can be seen
	layer_10: what is necessary to the completecs of the starry at this stage is not to ree capitilate tbhat to take up some of the loose ends of the threats wovening and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen
	layer_12: what is necessary to the completes of the starry at this stage is not to ree capitilate tbhat to take up some of the loose ends of the threats wovening and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen

file: 1585-131718-0001.flac
expected: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_2: the way of they venter his heard
	layer_4: the way ofe thy venter his heard
	layer_6: the way of th ng venter his hard
	layer_8: the walf the ventor is hard
	layer_10: the wlthy inventor is hard
	layer_12: the walthy inventor is hard

file: 1585-131718-0002.flac
expected: he can sometimes raise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a distressful cost of personal surrender
	layer_2: he can sometims wris cabitdo to hawp him the working ot his croate conaptions bud ein whe then it is frekqne dwn at i isress fwe cosed au persimosaander
	layer_4: hecan sometimes res cabito to halp him e working ot his cruet concaptions but en  then it is frecnwe duone at it istressfo coshed a persomosarander
	layer_6: he can sometimes reiscabitive to help him he working out his crude conceptions but im then it is frequnwi done ant at dis tressfucoushed a persomaserander
	layer_8: he can sometimes wer is capital to help him y working out his crude conceptions but if then it is frequntly done ant a distressfl coshd a personal surander
	layer_10: he can sometimes wrs capital to help him i working out his crude conceptions but e then it is frequently done at a distresfl coht a personal surander
	layer_12: he can sometimes reris capital to help him i working out his crude conceptions but ev then it is frequently done at a distressful caht a personal surrander

file: 1585-131718-0003.flac
expected: when the result is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of material or of effort and then labor often awaits with crushing and tyrannical spirit to smash the apparatus or forbid its very use
	layer_2: whenthe esout is a chieved the avensii max  its the par on the scor of  conmy omenteari ou of afferd and then labwer olen awaids with crussing in to ranycuas spirit dismashd theg apoius of for bit is ver us
	layer_4: when tere resout is a chieved the eventhimixes its the parl ond the schoore of e conomy ometeari ou off affored and then laybere oven awaites with crusing into rany cuospirit dismashed the appadus of ferbitits ver use
	layer_6: when the resout is achieved the evenshamixs its ta pal on the schore of economy a matiori a of efford and then la ber open ewaits with crushing in to ranico spirit dismashed the apaais of forbiits very use
	layer_8: when the resout is achieved the iventiimix its appeail on the score of economy o mateoria a of efford and then labur ofpenweits with crushing andtyranico spirit dismatched the aparaic of forbid its very use
	layer_10: when the resout is achieved the eventie mix its appeal on the score of economy of matoria a of efford and then labour of en wates with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatched the apaadas or forbid its very use
	layer_12: when the resout is achieved the eventier mix its appeal on the score of economy o mateoria af of efford and then labor of en wats with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatched the apparadas or forbid its very use

file: 1585-131718-0004.flac
expected: possibly our national optimism as revealed in invention the seeking a higher good needs some check
	layer_2: posbilly orenation oa ulersom as wrevading the vention the seking bhe hiagd it somechack
	layer_4: possbilly aule enation at ptisom as wed voauding the vension the seking be high agood nit some chack
	layer_6: possibilly oulr enation ot optism as wrervuting the vension the seeking behigh a good anet some chack
	layer_8: possibilly our o nationaoptism as reveting the vention the seeking behigha good and et some chack
	layer_10: possibly oru nationa optism as reviewding the vention the seeking be hie good and et some chack
	layer_12: possibly ouru nationa optism as revieweding the vention the seeking bhe hie good and et some check

file: 1585-131718-0005.flac
expected: possibly the leaders would travel too fast and too far on the road to perfection if conservatism did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession move forward as a whole
	layer_2: pasivilly the liters woe trabue two fast and twoo far on ther roatof hrfaction  avfe conso itison dinot als o plaie si ludry prt aing ncisting thet the percession of forowed asa ho
	layer_4: posivily the lites would trablere two fast n two far on thei rot of feffaction ife conse viticome dinot als of plats soludrypart an insisting that the percessiom o forwed aca ho
	layer_6: posibaly the litters would traveld too fast n two far on the rotetof ferfection if consoviticon did not also play solutary part an insisting that the perocession moe forward acaho
	layer_8: posibilly the litders would travel too fast and too far on thei roade of arffection if consevidisen did not also playe salutary part aninsisting that the procession move forward asaho
	layer_10: possibly the litters would travel too fast and too far on thei road tof prerfection if consevitizen did not also playth salutory part in insisting that the prcession moved forward asaho
	layer_12: possibly the litters would travel too fast and too far on the road tof prefection if conselvitisen did not also play th salutory part in insisting that the precession moved forward asaho

file: 1585-131718-0006.flac
expected: on the contrary the conditions for its acceptance had been ripening fast
	layer_2: on a contory the condrtions for th efcepctons hhaw bn ratho h faskt
	layer_4: on a contery the condrtions for oth afseptons ha bee rigt n fased
	layer_6: on he consary the condetions for ith eseptions hav beng righten fast
	layer_8: on he contrary the condertions for ith acceptions have beeng righteng fast
	layer_10: on the contrary the conditions for its exceptions have been ritened fast
	layer_12: on the contrary the conditions for its exceptions have been ritened fast

file: 1585-131718-0007.flac
expected: yet the very vogue of the electric arc light made harder the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_2: yads the verybogire of they lutric ardlight made harr theurribleof thr incondessend
	layer_4: yat the very bogo of the lactric ardlight made harrior the rible of the incondessond
	layer_6: yet the very bogo of the latric artlight made hardor the arrible of the incondesened
	layer_8: yet the very vogo of the elactric artlight made harrer the arrival of the incondesstent
	layer_10: yet the very boga of the alactric art light made harer the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_12: yet the very boga of the elactric art light made harrier the arrival of the incandescent

file: 1585-131718-0008.flac
expected: a number of parent arc lighting companies were in existence and a great many local companies had been called into being under franchises for commercial business and to execute regular city contracts for street lighting
	layer_2: a number o phaorad arklinn compons ore a ein insistans and a greademanyloke acomes hadbing cird intiping oundefren shise for commur shl bisiness an t excectut ragulacitti contracs for  street line
	layer_4: anumber o parant arklining compans were  ing eincistance and a greatiemany loke acomnis hadbeen cad intuphing under frienshyese for comer shoubisiness and o exectute ragulaciti contracts for n street lini
	layer_6: a number of parent arclining compance wer  in insistence and a great many loclcomness havdbeeng cilet into bing under friendshice for commer shou business and to exactude ragulacitic contracts fr  street lining
	layer_8: a number of parent arcklining compans wer in ienxistence and a great many localcommonis havd been caled into ping under frienshis for commercal business and to exacute regular city contracts fr th street lining
	layer_10: a number of parent archlining companis or in existence and a great many local comonies had been caled intobing under frienhis for commercial business and to execute regular city countracts from street lining
	layer_12: a number of parent arclining companis or in existence and a great many local commonies had been caled into bing under frienchis for commercial business and to execute regular city countracts from street lining

file: 1585-131718-0009.flac
expected: thus in a curious manner the modern art of electric lighting was in a very true sense divided against itself with intense rivalries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurred in a field where ultimate union of forces was inevitable
	layer_2: thus and the careis mener the mod knart of r lact tre line was in of verigeo sans evead agans esself with intuns reveris andjelices which s were a no the las rel thecause they were but tempery an de curdingth fout where utim euning o the forse wors in aptabl
	layer_4: thus and the curs menerd they mo nart of alac trylining warsing o veragehoe sanse eviet agains is self with intince reberies and jelases which werea non the lass real thecaussed they were but tempery and occurding e fout where outmat uning of the force wors inaptable
	layer_6: thus and the caroes manred the ma nard of lactrylining warsing a verage wo sence devided against hiself with intimse reberies and jealuses which were non thelass real bhecoust they were butempary and occurrding tout where uttimate uning of the force wers inaptable
	layer_8: thus and the curous mannered the monart of lactory lining wares in a veryge oo sens divided against hi self with in times reveries and jealouses which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurrdingt tfat where autmate uning in the force was ineptable
	layer_10: thus and the curious mannered the modrnard of lactory lighning was in a very tro sense divided against itself with in times rebveries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and eccurrding that where ultimate uning of the force was inepitable
	layer_12: thus and the curious mannerd the modern ard of lactory lighning was in a very tru sense divided against itself with in times rebveries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and eccurding that where ultimate uning of the force was inefitable

file: 1585-131718-0010.flac
expected: hence twenty years after the first edison stations were established the methods they involved could be fairly credited with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_2: hans tweny yares af teo the first avisinstation were staflished the matheird s tey ing foved could be faillycrotet with no lestan six esevn prosend
	layer_4: handsd twenty years afte the frst atisenstation were staplished the mat theirds tey invoved could be failly cradet with no lestan six y seven prescend
	layer_6: hane twenty years after the first atisinistation were staplished the matthirds tey invoved could be failly cred it with no lesthand sixty seven prescent
	layer_8: hance twenty years after the first adicon station were established the methords they involved could be failly creded with no less than sixty seven pe csent
	layer_10: hence twenty years after the first adison station were established the methords they involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_12: hence twenty years after the first adison station were established the methords they involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent

file: 1585-131718-0011.flac
expected: it will be readily understood that under these conditions the modern lighting company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dynamo electric machinery as a source of current and that the old feud as between the rival systems has died out
	layer_2: it rl be wradly inmassto thad inder the s conditions the mard lining homepe suppulise to wids customeast bouhth incan dosened and arglining freaanly from the same di naml iluct trak mas shenary asas sors oe carend and thout the o fod aspbe tong the ri was istons has ied ad
	layer_4: it will be radly unisto  that inder these conditions the mod ligning comp y supplised o ids custonest bouth incondusond and arclining freqcrenly from the same di naml eluctrik machinary asers surs of carrened and thout the od fd asbietuon thy ri was istance has died at
	layer_6: it will be readly un istoe that onder these conditions the mod lighting cumpy suppliesd hoins custommorist both incanducened and arc lining frequently from the same dinamel electrik machinery as he suers ore current and thout the owd food as betonthe riv wasistance hast died at
	layer_8: it will be redly understood that uunder these conditions the mode ligning compay supplies to its customers both incandasened and arklining frequently from the same diname electri machinery aske surs of current and thou the od food askbeteen the ribass istance has died at
	layer_10: it will be redly understood that uunder these conditions the moden lining company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arch lining frequently from the same dinamal electric machinery asesurs of current and thou the old food as betwen the rivbal sistance has died at
	layer_12: it will be redily understood that uunder these conditions the moden lining company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lining frequently from the same dianamal electric machinery asesurs of current and thou the old food ass betwen the rival sistance has died at

file: 1585-131718-0012.flac
expected: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have been chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great edison lighting companies in the leading cities
	layer_2: in tfat for some years past there rhusidence of thet naectio nowyulattrice ight e soshation happeeng shoson oa mos exs cuseivfuly forom themon the mangres hof the gread ata sand lin ing combters in he laden sidis
	layer_4: in tfhact for som year's past there rhusidencs of the nathionowy lattric lighd a sociation happin choson omos ex closively from the mon the manegrs of the gread aticnd lignincomptese in the laten cidis
	layer_6: in fact for some years pased their huidante afthe nationa elatric lighe association happin chosen olmost exclusively forom temon the manatrs f the great atisont lihting compnanse in the lading citus
	layer_8: in fact for some years passed their hesidents ofthe national electric liget association happing chosen almost exclusively forom emong the managers of the great adison lightingcompness in the lideng citizs
	layer_10: in fact for some years pased the presidents of the national electric liht association hade beeng chosen amost exclusively fo am among the managers of the great aison lighting companess in the liding citize
	layer_12: in fact for some years passed the presidents of the national electric lighe association hav being chosen aalmost exclusively fromam among the managers of the great adison lighting companess in the lidding citize

file: 1585-131718-0013.flac
expected: the other strong opposition to the incandescent light came from the gas industry
	layer_2: the othei strom obresition to the incondessi lihd came from the gas indis re
	layer_4: the other stran orbrosition to the incon descinlight came from the gas indesgre
	layer_6: the other strong orbesition to the incan dusinlight came from the gans indusgrew
	layer_8: the other strong opposition to the incanduscinlight came from the gas indus grew
	layer_10: the other strong opposition to the incanducinliht came from the gas indas grew
	layer_12: the other strong opposition to the incandecin liht came from the gas indasgrew

file: 1585-131718-0014.flac
expected: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_2: there alsod the most peterfeelling was shon
	layer_4: theire also the most petrfeeling was shom
	layer_6: there also the most peter feeling was shon
	layer_8: there also the most peter feeling was shon
	layer_10: there also the most peter feeling was shon
	layer_12: there also the most peter feeling was shon

file: 1585-131718-0015.flac
expected: the gas manager did not like the arc light but it interfered only with his street service which was not his largest source of income by any means
	layer_2: the gasminagr d in no like arclit bd a intoford only with his treet serlis wherd swrose not hise lor dasuors f in come by anymings
	layer_4: the gas menagad in no like arclied but a intoferd only with his treet servise wher sworse not his lar de surseif in come by anymings
	layer_6: the gasmanaga did not like arclied but a interferd only with his treet service whershwees not his lardis sourcive income by anemings
	layer_8: the ghasmanagea did not like arclide but i interfered only with his treat service which was not his lardissourceif income by enemangs
	layer_10: the gas manager did not like arklit but it interferred only with his treat service which was not his larges source of income by anymans
	layer_12: the gas manager did not like arklit but it interferred only with his treat service which was not his larges sourceof income by anymans

file: 1585-131718-0016.flac
expected: here again was given a most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for its enemies
	layer_2: here gan waseven the most comvingsong td emmhastdration of thea tru that suchon adition to the re sorses of min kind a was cares witht unsu spacmed banirfits even for is animess
	layer_4: here agan wras geven the most convingsing de mistration of the true that such an idition to the re sourses of mang kind a was carius with t at ususpacknmed banifats aven for his animess
	layer_6: here again rasgivin the most convinging demistration of the tru that such anadition to the res sourzes of man kind oll was carris with it unmsuspactmed banefots even for his animous
	layer_8: here again waskgiving the most convinging demonstration of the truth that such an eddition to the resources of mankind always carres with it unsuspected banefits even for his animis
	layer_10: here again wasgiving the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his animis
	layer_12: here again was giving the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carriess with it unsuspected benefits even for his animis

file: 1585-131718-0017.flac
expected: this was not long nor universally the spirit shown and to day in hundreds of cities the electric and gas properties are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_2: theis was not lon nowt ounorstly thispiti shune an to day hi hunders of sidis they lacttrlak angas provers ar you nid at ounder that oe maishment whichtesst not find it ing posible to pish ing the friendly am prgressaway the ou soe boath e luminentce
	layer_4: this was not lan not ou norcly the spirt shoume an to day i handrs of sidicst the lactrak an gas probvrs are you niht at ounder that one mamisghment which dest not find it ing possible to piuch ing the friendly am prgresiway the us of both eluminance
	layer_6: this was not lan no it unorsaly the spirta shome aned to day i hundrs of citect the lactrikc an gas proverse are u nie it under that one maagement which doest not find it impossible to piishing the friendly am progressiveway the use of both iluminance
	layer_8: this was not lon no unorsally the spiritits shown and to day e hundres of citiz the lectric and gas provers are unieded under that one management which does not find it impossible to puishing the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminances
	layer_10: this was not long no unversally the spiritits shown and today i hundreds of citis the electric and gas proves are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to puishing the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_12: this was not lon no universally the spirits shown and to day i hundreds of citis the electric and gas provers are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to puishin the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants

file: 1585-131718-0018.flac
expected: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_2: i most concepeue was ousam peo theis iedany o intrest is giveenling oew yoro teself
	layer_4: i most conspegue was usam of thise idany of interest is gevenlying new your giself
	layer_6: thet most conspigeous esamp of thise idanty of interest is givenin new yor iself
	layer_8: the most conspiguous exemp of thise identy of interest is givenin new yorkitself
	layer_10: the most conspicuous exampe of this identy of interest is given in new york iself
	layer_12: the most conspicuous example this identity of interest is given in new york itself

file: 1585-131718-0019.flac
expected: so much for the early opposition of which there was plenty
	layer_2: so much for the aly abosition of which h theiwerep plendy
	layer_4: so much for the early obosition of which there were xps plandy
	layer_6: so much for the early obosition of which their worep's plandy
	layer_8: so much for the early opposition of which their works plenty
	layer_10: so much for the early opposition of which their works plenty
	layer_12: so much for the early opposition of which their works plenty

file: 1585-131718-0020.flac
expected: but it may be questioned whether inertia is not equally to be dreaded with active ill will
	layer_2: ba e ma be quetiond white thear inartiurs nont equoi tof be drad it with act of ew ol
	layer_4: bu amay be quesstiont whe ther inersurs not equally to be dradet with actif e will
	layer_6: but i may be questioned whether in uarsers not equally to be drabtet with actife e will
	layer_8: but it may be questioned whether in erchie is not equally to be drabded with active iiwill
	layer_10: but it may be questioned whether in ercia is not equally to be drouded with act of iel will
	layer_12: but it may be questioned whether inercia is not equally to be drouded with act of ill will

file: 1585-131718-0021.flac
expected: of course a great many accounts were written and read but while genuine interest was aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_2: of cursed a greamany conse were wedan and ratd but wy whelchaunu intrisprus erouset it was nesa serrly ip thadic
	layer_4: of courstd a gramany conse were reden and rad but wy whe ganw interispres aroused it was nezas serily opathatic
	layer_6: of course a greay many couns were readen and rad but why woul janni intrestperuts arrouse it was necessarily apathatic
	layer_8: of course a greay many counts were reatden and rat but why would jannieo interesreas aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_10: of course a great many accounts were reaten and read but why would janno interispus aroused it was necessarily a pathetic
	layer_12: of course a great many accounts were reaten and read but why would jannio interispus aroused it was necessarily a pathetic

file: 1585-131718-0022.flac
expected: we got it at a great bargain and only paid a small sum down and the balance on mortgage
	layer_2: wa got ed oathe gre parcen and onle patosmor some dam an the balis to wat ogacge
	layer_4: we god at o the grea barkan and only patus more some dam and the balace on watoagatge
	layer_6: whe god at at the gree barkin and only pat us more some dam and the ballastan watogace
	layer_8: we got it at the gree barkin and only paid us more sumedam in the balaston wadgace
	layer_10: we got it at the greek bargin and only paid us more sumdam in the balston wadgage
	layer_12: we got it at the greek bargain and only paid us more sumdam in the balaston wadegage

file: 1585-131718-0023.flac
expected: we sold them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_2: wer seld then for fory cene bu theyae were ally bod to honyu oith thorre s ousons of them
	layer_4: wats sw them for fore y stence but they a were olnly bod t eny oah thir ys ousans of them
	layer_6: wis sow them for foureance but they e were only about twenniy o thiry s thousands of them
	layer_8: wouth sew them for fourea sents but the were onlyabout twenty or thiry thousands of them
	layer_10: would sewed them for fortysens but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_12: would sewed them for fortysens but there were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them

file: 1585-131718-0024.flac
expected: the fourth year i got it down to thirty seven cents and i made all the money up in one year that i had lost previously
	layer_2: the forthyeear i goteduntih thoty seven sans and a mahe ar the monhy apt in one yer that i haw ae prevwusly
	layer_4: the fortheyear i godudone to thouty sevem sands and a made al the mony apt in one year that i helaft prevbusly
	layer_6: the fourt year i god e done to thoty seven sandce and ammade all the mony apt in one year that i halaved prvously
	layer_8: the fourth year i got it one to thorty seven cents and i made all the money aptd in one year that i halohed prevously
	layer_10: the fourth year i got it unto thirty seven cents and i made all the money apt in one year that i had lafed previously
	layer_12: the fourth year i got it unto thirty seven cents and i made all the money apt in one year that i had lafed previously

file: 1585-131718-0025.flac
expected: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_2: enoft the engsidence which s cout very grea chepening ors that when wesetardet wone of th imporn prosesses hat to be down by axperts
	layer_4: hene oug the ensidente which cout a very grea cheepening wers that when we sdartit wente of the importin proesses had  be downe by axparts
	layer_6: one of the incidence which coet a very great cheepening wars that when we s dartet went of the importin prucesses hado be done by acsperts
	layer_8: one of the incidents which cauged a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important prucesses had to be done by axperts
	layer_10: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_12: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important precesses had to be done by experts

file: 1585-131718-0026.flac
expected: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it
	layer_2: at a felling aroum for some dayce i gougt a clo  how of do it
	layer_4: af to feeling araund for som dayse i got a cluw  howt oe do it
	layer_6: after feeling aroumd for some days i got a clu  how to do it
	layer_8: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_10: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_12: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it

file: 1585-131718-0027.flac
expected: i then made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_2: a then mate an ao the mashaing which ty the word neisely
	layer_4: a then made andother machinguwhich di the wornisely
	layer_6: a them made anothermaching whiche di the word nisely
	layer_8: a then made another maching which did the word nicely
	layer_10: ad then made another machine which did the word nicely
	layer_12: a then made another machine which did the word nicely

file: 1585-131718-0028.flac
expected: incidentally it may be noted as illustrative of the problems brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison an importer in the chinese trade went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hand power
	layer_2: ainsardenly ie may be boluiet asi lose tradof of the pron brougt to atitondhat il he had the fauc treet at hoison and emporing the chigedies wreder wen two hame mench and et a dinamo to be ron by hin por
	layer_4: encer denly e may be oliet as luse tradovh of the prowhn prout to aticen that while he had the factrey at harrising and eimporing te chines reeder when to haimench wand it a danimoe to be ron by hand power
	layer_6: insidenly it may be tneliyod as luestrative of the prown prought to aticene hat while he had the factory at harrison and impouring the chines reader wen to hamench wanded a dinamo to be run by han power
	layer_8: incidently it may be deiat aselustradive of the prowand brought to adisen that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinest reader whent to hemench wanted adonamo to be run by hen power
	layer_10: incidently it may be delliat as luejradoth of the prowd and brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reader wen to hamench wanted a dynamo to be run by hen power
	layer_12: incidently it may be delliart as lusetradoth of the prowd an brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reader wen to hamench wanted a dynamo to be run by hen power

file: 1585-131718-0029.flac
expected: for making the dynamos edison secured as noted in the preceding chapter the roach iron works on goerck street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_2: fro maecin that dinimst aticensacurared as noty in the prcen chabetr that reoch ian wor sone gou wore sreet new york and this was aswy quipt
	layer_4: fr makein ha dinamost aticensc occurd ask note ing the prcetn chabiter thet roch i en wor son go wer street new york and this wirs alsowe quipt
	layer_6: for makin the dinamost atisence accured ask nota in the prciding chabiter that roach ei in wors on go work street new york and this wis alsoe quippe
	layer_8: for making he dynamos adisons eccured asked nota in the proeceing chabtor the roach iron wrs on go work street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_10: for making the dynamos adison secured ask noda in the proceding chapitor the roach iron wers on go werk street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_12: for making the dynamos adison secured as noda in the proceding chapitor the roach iron wers on go werk street new york and this was also equipped

file: 1585-131718-0030.flac
expected: to sigmund bergmann who had worked previously with edison on telephone apparatus and phonographs and was already making edison specialties in a small way in a loft on wooster street new york was assigned the task of constructing sockets fixtures meters safety fuses and numerous other details
	layer_2: to sik mond birt man who had wr prevesly with aison unsellif from the paregisom fone ae gras an was alreade making aisen spa siallitis nmassmorl wafe in te loft un o s turstreep e ork was asailhedhas of constructin sockets fixtures iters sifty fusees anumerus othe ed hous
	layer_4: to sick mond birtman who had wor privasly with abicon unstall e ron the paredisem fone agras annd was alredemaking aticen spacialitis tesmor wae ing gha loght ong lo edrr street new yorkd was asoing tet hase of construct hin sockats fixtures miters sifty fuses anumerous other etous
	layer_6: to sick mond birk man who had were prevously with aison untele pron the paratisan ponea graps ane was alread y making atisin spacialatis n as more way angla loft un lous dure street new york was a signthe hass of construct in sockets fixtures miters sifty fuses enumerous other theetous
	layer_8: to sikmond bergman who had were prevously with adbison untellte fron the paradisan phonographs annd was already making edison specialla is in a smalr way an aloft un looseder street new york was a sign tetas of constructan sokits fixtures mitrs sifty fuses anumberous other detaius
	layer_10: to t sigmund bergman who had worked previously with edison untee fom the paredysin phonographs and was already making edison specialitis in a smale way and gloloft un luse jer street new york was a signed as of constructing sokits fixtures meters sifty fuses  numberous other details
	layer_12: to the sigmand bergman who had worked previously with edison untele from the parodis in phonographs and was already making edison speciallitis in a smalle way and loloft an louse jer street new york was a signet tass of constructing sokkits fixtures miters sifty fuses a numberous other details

file: 1585-131718-0031.flac
expected: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electric light company leased the old bishop mansion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fourteenth street for its headquarters and show rooms
	layer_2: in the arlly pard of aitingnady one the atisant ulu trr lide comtely laste od be shai mation at sixty fif fif eveni close o fording street for is had quaers and shorincs
	layer_4: ain the erly pardt of eihting ady one they adisent yulatry lighdt comeny las teyyod be shae mashion at sixty fife fift evern close to forting street for his had quaters and show rimce
	layer_6: in the early part of eighting eghty one the atize elaptary ligt compnly least e yold be chimasion aced sixty five fift vene close to forting street for his had quaters and show rims
	layer_8: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edison eluptry light company least a old be chamasian act sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his head quarters and show rims
	layer_10: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edison electry light company least e od b chilmashan at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rims
	layer_12: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edison electri light company least aod b chimashen at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rims

file: 1585-131718-0032.flac
expected: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premonitory sign of the surrender of the famous residential avenue to commerce
	layer_2: this war s one of thi fin is homet intiscily of thouparid and is acuasition was o pre mond ere sime of the sarander of the fam is restn shal ovener to commers
	layer_4: this wers one of thet fine is homed in th cily of thout parid and is aquisition was a premont er sime of the surander of the fame is restenchoevenw to comemerse
	layer_6: this were as one of thefine is homed in the cily of that pearod and is aquisition was a premonant er signe afthe surender of the famous restn shour avenue to commerse
	layer_8: this wers one of thefineest homed in the cily of that perod and its acquisition was a primonter sign afthe surrender of the famous restine shoul avenue to commerse
	layer_10: this weres one of the finest homes in the cily of that period and its acquisition was a premonetor sign after surrender of the famous restin shu avenue to commerse
	layer_12: this wers one of the finest homes in the cily of that period and its acquisition was a premonetor sign afther surrender of the famous restin shue avenue to commerse

file: 1585-131718-0033.flac
expected: the experience with the little gas engine was rather startling
	layer_2: thexpereset withe lat lregans angin was ore their stortling
	layer_4: thexperiencset with he latoe gas engin was hfrre their startliyg
	layer_6: the expericed with a lado gas anging was fra their startling
	layer_8: te experienced with a lato gas anine was frther startling
	layer_10: they experienced with a leto gas engine was rather startling
	layer_12: they experienced with a leto gas engine was rather startling

file: 1585-131718-0034.flac
expected: one day it was not going very well and i went down to the man in charge and got exploring around
	layer_2: one da i was not going very wow and onedunt to the manin chirgan got itx paring aroant
	layer_4: one day it was not going very wil and it one dnt to the maning charage and god ex poring arant
	layer_6: one day it wash not going very woll and it wone dunt to the man ing charge and god expouring arant
	layer_8: one day it was not going very well and it went dunt to the man in charge and god exporing arant
	layer_10: one day it was not going very well and it went duned to the man in charge on god exploring arant
	layer_12: one day it was not going very well and it went jumet to the man in charge on god exploring arant

file: 1585-131718-0035.flac
expected: for the next four or five years sixty five was a veritable beehive day and night
	layer_2: ut in exforl fivfe year suxte fi was o veridaboe be hife dey an nigt
	layer_4: thet anex foral five year six te fi was a verit abope be hife dayga night
	layer_6: the e next forol five year six tefi was ta very abotbe hife dag an night
	layer_8: fo he next four o five year sixty fie was a verid abo b hihe day and night
	layer_10: for te next four or five year sixty five was the veridabl be hive day and night
	layer_12: for the next four or five year sixty five was the veridabl be hive day and night

file: 1585-131718-0036.flac
expected: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter neglect of the clock
	layer_2: thet rutein was very much the same ase thout at te lobretory ing hits urt enac lidt of the cork
	layer_4: thet rutin was very much the same asked thaut at the labertory ing its utdenackolit of the clork
	layer_6: the rutin was very much the same asked that at the lobratory ing its arternacoit of the clorck
	layer_8: thet rutin was very much the same ask that at the labratary ing its urternackolit of the clorck
	layer_10: that routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory ing its utter naclite of the clork
	layer_12: that routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its atter nakelite of the clork

file: 1585-131718-0037.flac
expected: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a cigar even if i locked them up in my desk they would break it open
	layer_2: o was tell ing thegen ti mon one jday that i could not cu ba secre even theyfy lkt the mae beon i dusk they would breake et open
	layer_4: i was telling a gento mon one day that i could not keep ar secre even they fi loce the mi beem y dask they would bregk it open
	layer_6: i was telling a gentemon one day that i could not keep a secrew even they fi locked them  bbee my desk they would break it open
	layer_8: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even theyif i locked them  abe my dusk they would break it open
	layer_10: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked them mbeew my desk they would break it open
	layer_12: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked them mabe my desk they would break it open

file: 1585-131718-0038.flac
expected: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of cigars and who would show them a trick
	layer_2: he s a gaste to me that he head o frind over an eith avenieu whor mit isubbeura graite of segirs a who wohld sho thema trkt
	layer_4: he sugasetet t me that he head a fraend over on ait aveny who mid u subearagreait of segres and who wohuld show thematrek
	layer_6: he suggasted to me that he had a friend over on eighth avening who mad a subeara grat of segrs and who would show them a trik
	layer_8: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who mad a subera grate of cegrs and who would show them a trik
	layer_10: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a suberior grade of segres and who would show them a trik
	layer_12: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a suberior grade of segres and who would show them a trick

file: 1585-131718-0039.flac
expected: he said he would have some of them made up with hair and old paper and i could put them in without a word and see the result
	layer_2: he sai that he woud havef some of then mahte a with har and o paporand i couldput the ming without aword and see that res out
	layer_4: he sai that he would have some of thern mahte a with hair and o paperant i could wut the ming withoutaward and se thed resout
	layer_6: he said that he would have some of then made ab with hair and o paper an i could put theming without a word and seethed resout
	layer_8: he said that he would have some of them made ab withhar and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see the risout
	layer_10: he said that he would have some of them made ab withhair and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see the wesout
	layer_12: he said that he would have some of them made ab with hair and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see the resout

file: 1585-131718-0040.flac
expected: i thought no more about the matter
	layer_2: i coukno worbo the moter
	layer_4: i cat kno more itbou the moter
	layer_6: i fought kno more abou the matter
	layer_8: i gought no more about the matter
	layer_10: i toght no more about the matter
	layer_12: i tought no more about the matter

file: 1585-131718-0041.flac
expected: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_2: idein a re member andothing abod et
	layer_4: i din  remember andething about et
	layer_6: i adidn remember anything about it
	layer_8: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_10: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_12: i didn't remember anything about it

file: 1585-131718-0042.flac
expected: i was too busy on other things to notice
	layer_2: i was to busy houn otheat things to d enodis
	layer_4: i was to busy hon other things to denotice
	layer_6: i was to busieun other things to denotice
	layer_8: i was too busy on other things to denotice
	layer_10: i was too busy ong other things to denotice
	layer_12: i was too busy ong other things to denotice

file: 1585-131718-0043.flac
expected: speaking of those days or nights edison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenyi
	layer_2: spake inaelf tho sdace of nidts at isnes sas yers a go one of the grea iolinest was ramon
	layer_4: speakng o tho stace of nights atisnsays years ago one of the greatviolinest wis ramoni
	layer_6: speaking of thostas of nights adisncays yers ago one of the great violinest was raminy
	layer_8: speaking of those sdays of nights anison says years ago one of the great violinist was rameni
	layer_10: speaking of those days of nights adison says years ago one of the great violinist was rameni
	layer_12: speaking of those days of nights adison says years ago one of the great violinist was rameni

file: 1585-131718-0044.flac
expected: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_2: whe i ta woidh me at i never ase hime to brink his fyaling
	layer_4: who woud alk wit h me at i never asked him to bring his fyoling
	layer_6: who woul talk with me bhat i never asked him to bring his fileing
	layer_8: who would talk with me bat i never asked him to bring his vileling
	layer_10: wh would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violing
	layer_12: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violing

file: 1585-131718-0045.flac
expected: one night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_2: whyn nid he came with his piling atbioud telve acuack
	layer_4: why niht he came with his foling atbouwt tellef a clock
	layer_6: why night he came with his violine about terlh o'clock
	layer_8: why night he came with his violing about telve o'clock
	layer_10: why night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_12: why night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock

file: 1585-131718-0046.flac
expected: after that every time he came to new york he used to call at sixty five late at night with his violin
	layer_2: aftr thad evei time he cim to new oorg he usdto carscde fid lakteanid with his filinggd
	layer_4: after that everytime he came to new yorg he use to corersect yfide late enight with his fiolenghed
	layer_6: after that every time he came to knew yorg he use to cosctyfid late a night with his filinch
	layer_8: after that every time he came to new york he used to carstyfy late a night with his viole inch
	layer_10: after that every time he came to new york he used to car  sixtyfid late a night with his viole inch
	layer_12: after that every time he came to new york he used to car  sixtifid late a night with his vile inch

file: 1585-131718-0047.flac
expected: another visitor who used to give us a good deal of amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the head of the london fire brigade
	layer_2: an athei thasiter hoit use to gifes a goo dol i usemend ampleasre was capan shaw the had of lentan fibwer ygat
	layer_4: another thesither whot used to gifass a goo dal remusement anpleasur was kapten sha the had of lend an fibwerygate
	layer_6: another tvisitor who wd used to givf us a goo dea remusement and pleasure was kaptain shar the head of lendand fihbry gate
	layer_8: another visitor who wod used to give us a good dea amusement and pleasure was kaptain sha the head of lyndon fibrery gate
	layer_10: another visitor who would used to give us a good dealo amusement and pleasure was capta'in sha the head of lyndon fibery gat
	layer_12: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal o amusement and pleasure was captain sha the head of lyndon fibery gate

file: 1585-131718-0048.flac
expected: he would go out among the fire laddies and have a great time
	layer_2: whe wa gr out amon the filadies and halta gre time
	layer_4: wh were go out amon the filadies and half a great time
	layer_6: he wil go out amon the fihe ladies and half a greet time
	layer_8: he will go out among the fie ladies and half a great time
	layer_10: he will go out among the fie ladies and half a great time
	layer_12: he will go out among the fie ladies and half a great time

file: 1585-131718-0049.flac
expected: speaking of telling stories i once got telling a man stories at the harrison lamp factory in the yard as he was leaving
	layer_2: spaking ofe tel thes doris i wan sgo thelliga mas do is at the herwis ind lemn factry and ta yard as he wasleaving
	layer_4: spaking og teles daris i wone sgoedtalla man s dorys at the hrras n leam factury and tha yared as he was leaving
	layer_6: speaking ouf telas daris i wonce god allia man's dories at the harrisin lemn factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_8: speaking of telas daris i wonce got alia mans doris at the harrison lamn factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_10: speaking of tellas dorris i once got tallia mans dorris at the harrison laonfactory in ta yard as he was leaving
	layer_12: speaking of tellas dorris i once got talia mans dorris at the harrison laon factory in ta yard as he was leaving

file: 1585-131718-0050.flac
expected: it was winter and he was all in furs
	layer_2: hit was wainder and h ers aling firs
	layer_4: het was windher and  he wers alwing firs
	layer_6: he was winder and he wrs alwing first
	layer_8: he was windered and he was awing first
	layer_10: he was winder and he was awing first
	layer_12: he was winder and he was awing first

file: 1585-131718-0051.flac
expected: i had nothing on to protect me against the cold
	layer_2: i handnothing non to pretat me ae gastho cold
	layer_4: i had nothing ome to protack me af gest tocod
	layer_6: i hared nothing olm to protact me it guesst tecot
	layer_8: i had nothing orn to protect me at gues ta coat
	layer_10: i had nothing orm to protect me af guest a cot
	layer_12: i had nothing nom to protect me if guest a cot

file: 1585-131718-0052.flac
expected: then i got pleurisy and had to be shipped to florida for cure
	layer_2: thonthago l ry sand hawde by sheipdto florid of forcur
	layer_4: ten agob plereseend hadto be ship to flori the frcur
	layer_6: ten e gob plearisi and how o be shipd to flory to fr cur
	layer_8: tanagob plerisy ant hawd to besheped to flori te frocurt
	layer_10: taigob pluresyand hawd to beshape to florite procur
	layer_12: tamigob plurisy and hawd to beshipe to florite procure

file: 1585-131718-0053.flac
expected: it had merely enjoyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of backing edison's experiments
	layer_2: he ha mall injor they the lits of enteroeus andisipation and eperotus pleture of faceng aicincs exparmentce
	layer_4: he ha mirllingor theyt delights of enterous and hisipation and a paro thes pleasured of facon aisence expariments
	layer_6: he hare meiely injo the delights of ancrous and isipation and to peror les pleasure of facning atisence experiments
	layer_8: he har merely endore the delights of anxreus anicipation and a perilous pleasure of factning adisen's experiments
	layer_10: he had merely endured the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of facing edison's experiments
	layer_12: he had merely endored the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of facting edison's experiments

file: 1585-131718-0054.flac
expected: now active exploitation was required
	layer_2: now afte i poitation was wrequid
	layer_4: now aftee e poyitation was requite
	layer_6: now aftev ex poetation was requite
	layer_8: now after its plotation was require
	layer_10: now after its plotation was required
	layer_12: now after its plotation was required

file: 1585-157660-0000.flac
expected: london its guilt and glory
	layer_2: lendon is got and gory
	layer_4: lendon is got and glory
	layer_6: lindon isgot and glory
	layer_8: lyndon i sgoalt and glory
	layer_10: lindon is gilt and glory
	layer_12: lindon is gilt and glory

file: 1585-157660-0001.flac
expected: they say best men are molded out of faults and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_2: they say bhest man are moded out ha fouts an for the most the come much more the better forbing a littl bad
	layer_4: they say best man aure moded out of fouts and for the most te come much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_6: they say best man ar moted out of fougts and for the most become much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_8: they say best man are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_10: they say best man are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_12: they say best man are moated out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad

file: 1585-157660-0002.flac
expected: standing on a broken column of the old steeple three hundred feet above primrose hill william struck an attitude of theatrical fashion and uttered the following oratorical flight
	layer_2: standing on the brokand collem of the osteber th we hunda fetebove praing ros hil welem sdtruck an adtudof  he ared try go fasion and hodter t the fulling orretorico flide
	layer_4: standing on the brokend colem of the o steebour thruay hundev feetedbove prang rose hill well hm s ruckan autitutof thear try go fashion and outter the folling ourretorico flighd
	layer_6: standing on the broken column of the ow steeber three hunderd feetabove praimg roase hill willtam struck an adidute of thertricofashion and otter the folling arytorico fliehd
	layer_8: standing on the broken column of the o steeber three hundred feet above praime rosehill willham struck an attitude of theortriko fashion and otter the foling aritorico flight
	layer_10: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prame rose hill william struck an attitude of theotrico fashion and utter the falling aritorical flight
	layer_12: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prame rose hill william struck an attitude of theotrico fashion and utter the folling aritorical flight

file: 1585-157660-0003.flac
expected: glorious london
	layer_2: glares lendon
	layer_4: glarys lenden
	layer_6: glari's lendon
	layer_8: glarious london
	layer_10: glorious london
	layer_12: glorious london

file: 1585-157660-0004.flac
expected: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vestige of this wonderful mass of human energy shall remain where the cry of the wolf bat and bittern shall only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_2: asaid how san o thing that tha day wil con whe not o vast et of this one o foromass aof hew manarigy sharyman whare the cri of the waff bat an bedem shu ally beherd ad natereim wresum her rustic s blend an dusolation
	layer_4: sad how san to thing that thet day will com wherld not evastate of this oned of rmass af hu man aigy share reman where the cry of the waff bat and bethom sheu ally be heard a naturergim wresum her rustic sblendan dussolation
	layer_6: sad how sand to thing that the day willcon would not a vastage of this one of hremass hof humaneogy shall remain where the cry of the walf bat and beathom shoul almly be heard a natureagi resume her rustic sblendond deolation
	layer_8: sad how sad to think that the day will come wetd not a vastage of this wone of rmass of human enegy shall remain white the cry of the warf bat and beat em should alaly be heard a nature ga resume her rustic splendin desolation
	layer_10: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastage of this wond remass of human energy shall remain with the cry of the warf bat and beat em sheull almally be heard an nature agin resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_12: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastage of this wond remass of human energy shall remain with the cry of the warf bat and beat em she'll almilly be heard an nature agin resume her rustic splendid desolation

file: 1585-157660-0005.flac
expected: the devil's tavern was a resort for actors authors bohemians lords and ladies who did not retire early to their downy couches
	layer_2: the devewas t eaven wasa resord for acters athirs pbat heemins thors an ladis who dit no eredtigaen arly to thei downingd coucus
	layer_4: the deveost heaven was a resort for actors authors bahemionslors and ladies who  dit no retine early to thir downingd couchus
	layer_6: the devoilest heaven was ta resort for actors authors ahemions floors and ladies who  did not retine early to their downingd couches
	layer_8: the devilst heaven was the resort for actors authors bahemions floors and ladies who did not retine early to their downinge couches
	layer_10: the devilst heaven was the resort for actors authors bohemians floors and ladies who did not retire early to their downing couches
	layer_12: the devilist heaven was the resort for actors authors bohemians floors and ladies who did not retire early to their downing couches

file: 1585-157660-0006.flac
expected: william and myself soon found rest in deep slumber and wafted away into a dreamless realm our tired bodies lay in the enfolding arms of morpheus until the porter knocked at our door the next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_2: well o a my sou soon fan rest indipes lombern wo wefted awayint w oad dreamilys rim oaur tied bot is layin the ing fowing arm sore morforse in to the pote nok it our dord nex mwornying aste clolk of the torrestruc the our of ni
	layer_4: well omn a mysou soon fan rast indeps lumbering  wefted away into a dramly's rim our tiede botis laying thi ing foing arm so morefirse unto the potter nock at our dr next borning as te clock of the towrestrucke the our of nine
	layer_6: well e and my sou soon fonrast in deep slumbering and waftet away into a treamelys rim oure tide bohdest laying the  ingfoing arm so morfars unto the poer knock it our dor next morning asthe' clock of the toure struckt the hour of nine
	layer_8: wellam and my sou soon found rest in deep slumbering and waftet away into a dremlys rim our tid boise lay in thein foing arms am morphors unto the pottern knock at our dor next morning as t he 'clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_10: wellam and my sou soon found restd in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide bodice lay in theinfoding arms ommorphus unto the pottern knockd at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_12: wellam and my sou soon found restd in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide bodice lay in the infoding arms ommorphurs unto the potter knock at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine

file: 1585-157660-0007.flac
expected: our first sight of sunrise in london gave us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_2: i firsud of sonrisinglan a giff ats gread expitationcs o faime efordton for surally alwe had res glowingexatationcs
	layer_4: a fir sit of son rizsing lend o gif ats gread expatations o fam an fordtun for suraely alwe had ras glowing expatations
	layer_6: a firt side of son risingland e gif at's gread expitations ol fame andfordtune for surely al wa had ras glowing expetations
	layer_8: our first sighe of sunrising landard giveut's great expetations of fame and forttune for surely all we had was glowing expetations
	layer_10: our first sight of sunrising land er gifet uts great expetations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expetations
	layer_12: our first sight of sunrisinglander gift us great expetations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expetations

file: 1585-157660-0008.flac
expected: oft expectation fails and most oft there where most it promises and oft it hits where hope is coldest and despair most fits
	layer_2: afd exwitation fouse and most of ther where most epramises and ogh a heids wher hoe wis codest and e sper most fits
	layer_4: aft expitation fouse and most oftd there where most e promises and off a hids were hobe itsh codist and tespar most fits
	layer_6: oft expitation fous and most ofthere where most apromises and off a hids where hobe is codest and despaire most fits
	layer_8: oft expitation fous and most of there were most e promises and off a hids where hobe is codest and despare most fits
	layer_10: oft expetation fous and most of there were most a promises and off a hiz where hobe is codest and despair most fits
	layer_12: oft expetation fouls and most of there were most a promises and off a hiz where hobe is codest and despair most fits

file: 1585-157660-0009.flac
expected: deuces won double and sixes treble coin
	layer_2: diusis one dobber when sixes trebicon
	layer_4: dusus one dubar when sixes trebicoin
	layer_6: ducis one dubor whin sixes trebicoin
	layer_8: deusis one duba win sixis trebicoin
	layer_10: deusis one doubo win sixis trebocon
	layer_12: deusis one douu win sixis trebocoin

file: 1585-157660-0010.flac
expected: william to the great amazement of the dealer flung a guinea in the center pot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation
	layer_2: wellem to the grade a masemend of the dilor flong a ganning n that senapot which wrs inmedally t hapt by jak wa they others ooked on insilin expitation
	layer_4: well em to the greade amasement of the dillar flong aginning in thatcenapot whichwerse inmedally thapt by jack whiled the others tlooked on ing siling expetation
	layer_6: well him to the great amazement of the dillar flung aginning in the canapot which weres immedally tept by jack whiled the others looked on in siling expitation
	layer_8: wellomed to the great amazement of the dillar flung a ginning in the senapot which weres immediately tepped by jack whiled the others looked on in sileng expetation
	layer_10: wellom to the great amazement of the diller flung a guining in the shenipot which wers immediately tepped by jack while the others looked on in silent expetation
	layer_12: wellom to the great amazement of the diller flung a guineing in the shenipot which wers immediately tepped by jack while the others looked on in silent expetation

file: 1585-157660-0011.flac
expected: the polite jack replied all right sir take your word for it
	layer_2: the pigt jackg reput i'la ri sor take a worde forid
	layer_4: the plite jack reput 'll ri sir take it word for it
	layer_6: the plite jacg repied i'll ri sir take it word for it
	layer_8: the polite jak replied i'll rise sir take i word for it
	layer_10: the polite jack replied i'll rice sir take a word for it
	layer_12: the polite jack replied i'll rice sir take a word for it

file: 1585-157660-0012.flac
expected: i have set my life upon a cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_2: i if sin my li e upon he cast o wis stendthe hauserd of the dy
	layer_4: i ave send my life upon the cast i wl stande housert of the di
	layer_6: i have send my live upon the cast a will standhe hazard of the die
	layer_8: i have sent my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_10: i have sent my life upon the caste and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_12: i have sent my life upon the cast and will stand the hazard of the dye

file: 1585-157660-0013.flac
expected: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of infant bull pups she was fondling in her capacious lap
	layer_2: i  medelya folowd in his postaps ind foun majolkin wit a lenloady ubo a copve inton b paps she was fanderling her compatious lep
	layer_4: i medili followed inhis fostaps and foun ima julking with a len lady abou to cupo of ingthon bo paps she was fandeling her compacious lap
	layer_6: i medaly followed in his firstaps and foundhima jokin with a lendlady about a coupe of ingthant boo paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_8: i medily followed in his fostaps and found him a jokig with a landlady about a coupe of englhan boo phaps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_10: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him jokig with the landlady about a couple of england boo pehaps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_12: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found hi a joking with the landlady about a couple of england boo perhaps she was fondling her capacious lap

file: 1585-157660-0014.flac
expected: if he had dropped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprocal
	layer_2: i pi hat jope out of ea clots wll un couldnot have beng more pleased osuprised and the feeling was reciprco
	layer_4: iffy hadt joped out of a clouts willem couldnot have beeng more pleased o supprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_6: if he had jopped out of a clouts well hinm could not have beeng more pleased of surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_8: if he had jopped out of a clout's willam could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_10: if he had jopbed out of a cloud's william could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_12: if he had jopbed out of a clouds william could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciproco

file: 1585-157660-0015.flac
expected: the printing shop of field was only a short distance from the devil's tavern and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_2: the prany shop a fou was oling a shor distenc fron the dev as taven and we wering vited to visi they stablishmened
	layer_4: the priniyg shop a fouw was owling a shure distance from the devas tavhen and we wering vided to visirthey stablishmend
	layer_6: the prening shopof fou was owing asure distance from the devows tavhem and we wereingvided to visi tey stablishmend
	layer_8: the prening shopaf fou was owing a shure distance from the devil's taven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_10: the prening chapafa was owing a short distance from the devil's taben and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_12: the preening chapafa was owing a short distance from the devil's taven and we were invited to visit the establishment

file: 1585-157660-0016.flac
expected: james burbage gazed for a moment on the manly form of william and blurted out in his bluff manner what do you know
	layer_2: jame s wrobach gased foremoont an the maly for m a willem amd plary ut in his flove mener what do yukno
	layer_4: jame srobige gased for  moond ond the maly forma willhim and blurdi out ing his flove mener what do yu know
	layer_6: jamesrobage gazed for a moment on the manily formea willhim and blury out in his blouvhminner what do you know
	layer_8: james reubitdgh gazed for a moment on the manly former willam and blurty out in his blaghminner what do you know
	layer_10: james rewbigh gazed for a moment on the manly former william and blured out in his blofhminner what do you know
	layer_12: james rewbigh gazed for a moment on the manly former william and blured out in his bloffminner what do you know

file: 8254-115543-0000.flac
expected: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_2: then nex tay every brdtin the hous beganto make preperations fwrththe gurniy
	layer_4: the next day everybodin the house began to make preparations wor a gourney
	layer_6: the next day everyboding the house began to make preparations wor the journey
	layer_8: the next day everybody n the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_10: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_12: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey

file: 8254-115543-0001.flac
expected: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_2: erything was denvery lasiurly though ther as a lott a toking an disputing and the giving of contry orders
	layer_4: everything was denvery lasurely though thre is a lot o talking a dispoting and the giving of contary orders
	layer_6: everything was den very laisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary ordiers
	layer_8: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_10: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_12: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders

file: 8254-115543-0002.flac
expected: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_2: the old porder was fhaeir dracting e scoding the surants af they piled the ruk somplankets and bags of thoud and pouts and pands andicies en to the wagen
	layer_4: the old porter was there dracting a scoding the surance as they piled the rug s om blankets and begs of tlood and pots and pans and diches into the wagon
	layer_6: the old porter was there drecting aschoding the servante as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of lud and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_8: the old porter was there drecting ascolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_10: the old porter was there directing adscolding the servants as they piled thei rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_12: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon

file: 8254-115543-0003.flac
expected: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_2: there was quit o proesion of an that lasd the bic weaging roumbod out thu the gite way
	layer_4: there was quite o percessionaw in that lasktd the bick warggin rumbod out throgh the gt way
	layer_6: there was quite a procession nwen theat last the big wagon rumbod out throgh the gatway
	layer_8: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_10: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_12: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway

file: 8254-115543-0004.flac
expected: behind it came the grandmother in her dhoolie dak a sort of a litter or easy chair swung between two long poles
	layer_2: behined a camed the gam mother and her doly deck a sot a ra litter wor ease chair sfomet be tween two lorm pos
	layer_4: behind a camed the ganmother and her doly dack a sot a e litter where easy chair somet between too lon pos
	layer_6: behind i came the grandmother in her duly deck a sot of a litter ere easy chair some between two long pose
	layer_8: behind i came the grandmother in her duly deck a sot of a litter er easy chair sum between two long pose
	layer_10: behind i came the grandmother in her july deck a sot of a litter or easy chair sume between two long poes
	layer_12: behind i came the grandmother in her juwly deck a soot of a litter or easy chair sumge between two long poles

file: 8254-115543-0005.flac
expected: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_2: besise the fumly there re many survente and sover others wacked besied ea slomoving wagon
	layer_4: besized the famly there re many servants and suver others walked beside er slow moving wagon
	layer_6: besized the family there were many servants and suver others walked beside her slow moving wagon
	layer_8: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_10: beside the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_12: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside ha slow moving wagon

file: 8254-115543-0006.flac
expected: the cook too went with them
	layer_2: the cok to wo with them
	layer_4: the cook to welnt with them
	layer_6: the cook too walt with them
	layer_8: the cook too welt with them
	layer_10: the cook too well with them
	layer_12: the cook too well with them

file: 8254-115543-0007.flac
expected: good bye shouted little nao from his garden wall as they went by good bye
	layer_2: coed byi shad e litte noufrmiscardend wasthey won by fed bi
	layer_4: ged bi shide littlenou from miscarden wasty wen by gid by
	layer_6: od by shoded littlenow from his carden wasty wen by good by
	layer_8: good bye shouted little now from his garden was they went by good bye
	layer_10: good bye shouted little now from his garden whiles they went by good bye
	layer_12: good bye shouted little now from his garden whilst they went by good bye

file: 8254-115543-0008.flac
expected: they shouted greetings to their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old fakir smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_2: they shawda greding so the frind the parter as e pasthim anoso to the old faccur smeared o over with ashes whe satn a litto brikcut by the brrge and prtended to make onteirfuo curs
	layer_4: they showt a greeding soug thei friendat the pater as tepasthim and esoe to the od facur smered al over with ashes whoh satin a little brik hut by the brige and pertended to make wonderful curs
	layer_6: they shoued egreeding trough their friend the poter as they pass thim and also to the old facure smired al over withashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_8: they shouted greeting through their friend a the poter as they passed him and also to the old facur smeared allover with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_10: they shouted greeting trough their friend at the potter as they passed thim and also to the old facur smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_12: they shouted greeting tough their friend t the potter as they passed him and also to the old facur smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures

file: 8254-115543-0009.flac
expected: this is more fun than going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_2: this is mor en the gon iu schoor secolear a ther oxsom plird  r alon their cloas of dest
	layer_4: this is more fhen the gon jischooe secola as the axompladed alone threug clous of dest
	layer_6: this is morefrund nhe goinge schoor sid cola as the oxemplted alone through clous of dust
	layer_8: this is more found e going to school said cola as the oxem ploted along through clowds of dust
	layer_10: this is more frund a going to school said colah as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_12: this is more frend a going to schoole said cola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust

file: 8254-115543-0010.flac
expected: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts run quite wild
	layer_2: thes lovely pirs a founnally everywoern anda and i someparts ran quit wild
	layer_4: these lovelhy birs ar founearly everywor in indea and in some parts ren quite wild
	layer_6: these lovely birs are foun nearly everywere in inda and in some parts wre en quite wild
	layer_8: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts ere in quite wild
	layer_10: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts erein quite wild
	layer_12: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts erein quite wild

file: 8254-115543-0011.flac
expected: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_2: his long maddet hair hung on has shotrs andyi wa sing his prairs with the help of the rosery of bees which he countinually pas the rhis hancs
	layer_4: his long madded hair hung on his shoters and ye was sing his prayers with the help of e rosery of beeats which she continually passed ther his hands
	layer_6: his long madted hair hung on his showders and e was sing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beats which he continually passed theirh his hands
	layer_8: his long matted hair hung on his shoders and he was sing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed throughis hands
	layer_10: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was sining his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_12: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was singing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands

file: 8254-115543-0012.flac
expected: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bowl saying give oh charitable people to this holy one
	layer_2: as the rwakgin came up he yoln man wh a company the wholy man ranup and hod out abaking ble sayin gie o churedable people to thes holy one
	layer_4: as the waang came up ae young man who a company the wholy man ranup and hodout a begging ble saying give o chured able people to this holy one
	layer_6: as the wegon came up a young man who accompany the holy man ran up and how dout a begging bll saying give o cherridable people to this holy one
	layer_8: as the wegan came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and hewed out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_10: as the waggon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_12: as the waggon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one

file: 8254-115543-0013.flac
expected: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_2: not conti in the wood has so mana bagors as india
	layer_4: not contry in the word has so many baggars as indea
	layer_6: no country in the word has so many baggers as india
	layer_8: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_10: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_12: no country in the world has so many beggars as india

file: 8254-115543-0014.flac
expected: many of them are called holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_2: manyof the man cot holly men becad they do nothing buet mk pogrmages re on sicur plase do r thother the ving sfolly on the ams that aginto them
	layer_4: many of the mut caht holy men becaus tley do nothing but make pigromages from one sicuredt place to another tle ving souly on the ls that r given to them
	layer_6: many of them ar coght wholy men because they do nothing but make pilgrmages from one sacret place to another leving solly on the arms thate are given to them
	layer_8: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacret place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_10: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_12: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them

file: 8254-115543-0015.flac
expected: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_2: an the had etin their lunch the yom' e bontraxplor the gardi near them
	layer_4: wen they had eatin their lunch the yon't pe bnter axplor the gardin near them
	layer_6: when they had eaten their lunch they youn peo blewent ere explore the garden near them
	layer_8: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went  explore the garden near them
	layer_10: when they had eaten their lunch the young people wen't  explore the garden near them
	layer_12: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went t explore the garden near them

file: 8254-115543-0016.flac
expected: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream
	layer_2: perhap their doks him me holla  lita ferfully but they for got about dogsrind the saht the gete of shouldreking dowpy s strene
	layer_4: perhaps ther ar doks henm mahalla a little fearfully but hey forgot about dogs inm the sougt the kit of shoudgre cing down' bys streen
	layer_6: perhaps ther are dog said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs an they saw the kit of sudare cang down by his stream
	layer_8: perhaps they are dog said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wend they saw a thicket of sugar king down by ais stream
	layer_10: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wend they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by ai stream
	layer_12: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wend they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by ai stream

file: 8254-115543-0017.flac
expected: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploughing by the stream said chola
	layer_2: prapsoe combysome from the man thir he ais now ploing bedthe schremn sai colla
	layer_4: prap soou cambi some from the man there he is now ploing by the sceen said cala
	layer_6: perhaps we can by some from the man there heis now plowing by the streame said cola
	layer_8: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he rs now plowing by the stream said kola
	layer_10: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said kolah
	layer_12: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said kolah

file: 8254-115543-0018.flac
expected: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a long stalk of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_2: in is thekin for watersai the former as he took alos fuc o aine and ghentily gited at gounto s eme
	layer_4: it is thookin fher water said the farmer as he took a los feck of cane and gently gided at jown to thes treame
	layer_6: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a los fackof kaine and gently guided it jown to the stream
	layer_8: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a loss falk of kane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_10: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a loss fak of kane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_12: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a loss felk of kane and gently guided it down to the stream

file: 8254-115543-0019.flac
expected: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure one for anything
	layer_2: the snake as an nother sticred animl of the hindes and theyg anot collwr inger a won for anything
	layer_4: the snake as teneter sacredt animal of the hindus and they elnot cill wer inger  won for anything
	layer_6: the snake is another stacret animal of the hindues and they wul not kill were injur wend for anything
	layer_8: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus andthey wuld not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_10: the snake is another sacretd animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_12: the snake is another sacretd animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure when for anything

file: 8254-115543-0020.flac
expected: as they were about to move on again they saw a great cloud of dust down the road
	layer_2: as then abutcto mo won agaain the saugry caud owd dusts ten the roat
	layer_4: as them re bout i meo wan again they sagrey clowdlwe dust don the road
	layer_6: as them aebout to move on again they sargre cloudo dust down the road
	layer_8: as they wreabout to move on again they saw gree cloudo dust down the road
	layer_10: as they wer about to move on again they saw gree cloudo dust down the road
	layer_12: as they were about to move on again they saw grea cloudo dust down the road

file: 8254-115543-0021.flac
expected: it turned out that it was a great and powerful rajah going in state on a journey to visit another rajah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly made up
	layer_2: r turne dot that i wse thet grey impowrflr rega gon ansthey ona guny to wats i anothe reja er ruler of one of the smaking doms ore stats of which marden andeas frormly madu
	layer_4: arturnd jat that it wis the gree impowerful rega goig an stay on a dounyd to wis e another rega ore rular of one of the smal king doms or states of which mardent andials formly mada
	layer_6: return oat that it was agree ampowerful rega going an stay on ajuni to with it another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which margrent indeaols formlly madu
	layer_8: ieturned out that it was a gree and powerful regah going and stay on a journey to with another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which mardent indealws formerly made up
	layer_10: iturned out that it was a great and powerful regah going and stay on a journey to vithit another regah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern an deal was formerly made up
	layer_12: ieturned out that it was a great and powerful regah going and stay on a journey to vitit another regah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern an deal was formerly made up

file: 8254-115543-0022.flac
expected: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_2: first the came of bick elisent iou deccreade th sikangoldin suver
	layer_4: frst the came of big elapent out decoraded with silcan gold and silver
	layer_6: first there came a big elephant aur decorated with silken goldend silver
	layer_8: first there came a big elephant al decorated with silken goldend silver
	layer_10: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silken gold and silver
	layer_12: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silken gold and silver

file: 8254-115543-0023.flac
expected: on the elephant's back was a howdah which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross legged was the rajah a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels with a great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_2: on the eltan sepack wit was e howudu whic u the a bik chare the canope overit and in this sittin crost ligt was the reja ha biake fat fellow drestin colods soksen jeule ad the great damean sep pluominhis turben
	layer_4: on the elethan spack wit was the howdar whic as the e a bic char r the canipy over it and in this sitting crostlit was the ruga ha big fat fellow drestin colord soxs and dels ad the great dime an se plum an is turben
	layer_6: on the elephant spack wit was the howder which is tike a big chair of the canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the ruga ha big fat fellow dressed in coloredes sok and dewels the great diamon set plume in his turbin
	layer_8: on the elephant's back wwas the houder which is like a big chair ot the canopy over it and in this sitting crosslight was the rugdgar a big fat fellow dressed in coloured soks and jewels the great diamond set plum in his turban
	layer_10: on the elephant's back was the howder which is like a big chair it a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudgar a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels tthe great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_12: on the elephant's back was the howder which is like a big chair it a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudgar a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels itthe great diamond set plume in his turban

file: 8254-115543-0024.flac
expected: behind the howdah stood a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajah's head
	layer_2: the hind the howdes that as serven hoding ae bicom brillo af fwn feathos over the rejas hed
	layer_4: behind the how ds that a serven hoding a big am brelloar a faune feathers over the redjas head
	layer_6: behind thei how desk that a servin hoding a bigam brella a fine feathers over the radgas head
	layer_8: behind the howdast that a servant hoding a bi umbrella of fine feathers over the ruga's head
	layer_10: behind the howdusk tit a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raja's head
	layer_12: behind the howdusk that a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raja's head

file: 8254-115543-0025.flac
expected: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast by prodding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or goad
	layer_2: the driwer set on the neck of the elifent and guided the bick beas ha p e prortig hem olon sit whr the other wit thant air shard sticke or gold
	layer_4: the drywer setlon the nech of the elephent and guided the big beas hat be prarding ham a one side hore the other with an irn shorde stic or gold
	layer_6: the driwere sat on the nek of the elephant and guided the big beast tha beprouding him a one side or the other with an iran shartd stick or gold
	layer_8: the drer st on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prowuding him on one side or the other with an iron short stick or gold
	layer_10: the driver st on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prowuding him on one side or the other with an iron shord stick or gold
	layer_12: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that by prowding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold

file: 8254-115543-0026.flac
expected: isn't it fine to ride like that on a big elephant
	layer_2: is in it fin torirli gown af biak elifhant
	layer_4: is in it fine to rilic thown of big elepent
	layer_6: i's in it fine to rilik thu and a big elehant
	layer_8: is i't it fine to rilik that on a big elephant
	layer_10: isn't it fine to ri like that on a big elephant
	layer_12: isn't it fine to ri licke that on a big elephant

file: 8254-115543-0027.flac
expected: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rajah and his escort
	layer_2: na ther ressofe the da he litte fok toe t of nothing wit the grete a jin his esco
	layer_4: n ar theres of the day tha little folk taked of nothing with the great rer jin has escot
	layer_6: n al the ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing bith he great reginas escot
	layer_8: n all the ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great ragian us escort
	layer_10: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rigianus escort
	layer_12: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rigianas escort

file: 8254-115543-0028.flac
expected: our party came to a halt among many other bullock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at the little booths
	layer_2: ar party cim to a hout a momany other belock carts the ones o whichoariady sitting aroun an the ground colkhing tis suppers a bargining sfrfou at he littl booth
	layer_4: ar party cime to a holt a momany other bulocka carts the ownes a whic yaridy sitting around on the ground cooking te suppers ar bargainning for foed at the little booth
	layer_6: our party cam to a hot a moe many other belocka carts the owness of which oaredy sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargening for foet at the little booth
	layer_8: our party came to a halt a mo many other bulocc carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for foo at ai little booth
	layer_10: our party came to a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at the little booth
	layer_12: our party came to a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at ther little booth

file: 8254-115543-0029.flac
expected: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_2: these they sed for plats he bend them up with their bordrace and cury andirsh and o stowas ofe puttingsn seets
	layer_4: these they used for plates he been them up with their bolwd rice and courry and fish and ae stors of puttings and seets
	layer_6: these they used for plates he being them up with their boiled rice and coury and fish and ou stors of puttings and seets
	layer_8: these they used for plates heabing them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and a stoures of puttings and sweets
	layer_10: these they used for plates heapving them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sores of puttings and sweets
	layer_12: these they used for plates heaving them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sores of puttings and sweets

file: 8254-115543-0030.flac
expected: as supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parao and camped not far away
	layer_2: a supper was beeng etin aother party stohteof the paro and cap to nog far awit
	layer_4: a suppero was been etim another party stop that the parow and camped to noh faur awit
	layer_6: a supperal was been neetin another party stopd at the parow and camp not far awa
	layer_8: a supper was being eaten another party stoped at the para andcamped not far away
	layer_10: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the para and camped not far away
	layer_12: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the para and camped not far away

file: 8254-115543-0031.flac
expected: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty
	layer_2: whe the liter was pu down hey ounboicetepdoubt wikanmury oud and hollty
	layer_4: when the liter was pat down he ounboicetep doubt wichan mery prowud and holty
	layer_6: when the litter was put down ae young boy steppedoubt bickin very proud and haulty
	layer_8: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out lookig very proud and halty
	layer_10: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haulty
	layer_12: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and hauglty

file: 8254-115543-0032.flac
expected: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distance
	layer_2: as suence i en spreta harns an ruk n the gown for hm to sid al a reshed about wading o him to kin gooe care to keep every one und a jiston
	layer_4: has surrance i onc spre o handsom rug in the gown for him to sid o a reshed about waiting o him to king goot care to keep every one und a jistant
	layer_6: has servants aul once spread a handsome rugg n the ground for him to sida i rushed about waiting o him taking good care to keep every one und adjustint
	layer_8: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at ajistin
	layer_10: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on a rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone un adjist i
	layer_12: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on a rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone un adjist int

file: 8254-115543-0033.flac
expected: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_2: yes an haw he oardis everyo one abou him
	layer_4: yes an shall he orders every one about him
	layer_6: yes and howl he orders every one about him
	layer_8: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_10: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_12: yes and how he orders everyone about him

file: 8254-115543-0034.flac
expected: around the little brahmin's neck was a thin cord or thread which was the sign of his high caste
	layer_2: ar rondhe little broumoncs nhetck as a thin courderf dreat which as the sin of has hig cast
	layer_4: arande little bromons nec was a thin cort of dhrid which is the signe of his high cast
	layer_6: around tha little browmon'sneckos a thin corderf dhrid which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_8: around the little browman's neck ows a thin cuart of tdred which is tae sign of his high cast
	layer_10: around the little browman's neck is a thin quoardtor thread which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_12: around the little browman's neck is a thin quard r thread which is the sign of his high cast

file: 8254-115543-0035.flac
expected: meanwhile the haughty little brahmin ate his supper with his head turned away so no one could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_2: meannwile the how ty litt a braman ai his supper won thi sheade turne d awa son noonc a she im eat and then grine tired of respeful glanesof the crowd arount him he cot untorws litter agaain and the serance fatin the crtancstetely arountim
	layer_4: meanwial the holty little bramin aiht his supper wen thes head turned away so no unca se him eat and then gring tired of respeful glances of the crowd around him he gout nter his litter again and the surrancs fas ind the crtence tigtly around im
	layer_6: meanwhile the holty little bramon aite his supper when the shed turned away so no uncuse him eat and then goring tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he gaout intor his litter again and the servancs fast ined the crtaants tightly around him
	layer_8: meanwhile the halty little bramon ade his supper when thes head turned away so no uncule see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servans fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_10: meanwhile the haughty little brammon ate his supper when this head turned away so no one col see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_12: meanwhile the haughty little brammon ate his supper when this head turned away so no one cul see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him

file: 8254-115543-0036.flac
expected: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_2: arrye bed y sip sounly and spiter the facthoat one of the serrence was beating a dral moss of the night wrh they rillyt beliaved with thaway to keeopolf evil speards
	layer_4: ary bodhes sep sounly and spiterf the fackt that one of the surmrance was beating a drowmos of the night which they rally believed with the way to keep olth evill spirids
	layer_6: everybody sep soundly ind spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a dru mos of the night which they reully believed with the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_8: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummos of the night which they really believed was the way to keep olf evil spirits
	layer_10: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep of evil spirits
	layer_12: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep of evil spirits

file: 8254-115543-0037.flac
expected: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_2: o the heshecrid
	layer_4: o the tfhese he crid
	layer_6: oh the fiese he cried
	layer_8: oh the fhies he cried
	layer_10: oh the thies he cried
	layer_12: oh the thiefs he cried

file: 8254-115543-0038.flac
expected: they are as bad as the beggars
	layer_2: ther spat is thebcers
	layer_4: there sbat es the bagers
	layer_6: there oes bat as the bagers
	layer_8: theyre aas bad as the baggers
	layer_10: tey're as bad as the bagers
	layer_12: they're as bad as the baggers

file: 8254-115543-0039.flac
expected: what art thou guarding so carefully shriya asked her brother
	layer_2: wha ar thoug garding so cerferely shea askd teor brether
	layer_4: whll ar though garding so carefully sheea askedther brother
	layer_6: whill ar though guarding so carefully sria asked her brother
	layer_8: whalt ar thouh guarding so carefully shria asked her brother
	layer_10: wha ar thouh guarding so carefully shriea asked her brother
	layer_12: whit ar thouh guarding so carefully shria asked her brother

file: 8254-115543-0040.flac
expected: he and chola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_2: he an coll o were walking be sai the wakein for a change
	layer_4: he encolle o were walking besai the reagan for a change
	layer_6: he ancolo were walking besid the wegon for a change
	layer_8: he and kolawere walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_10: he and kolah were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_12: he and kolah were walking beside the wagon for a change

file: 8254-115543-0041.flac
expected: the lattices were raised so shriya and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_2: the latises risteh s che an ar mother and aont could injoy the fesh air
	layer_4: the ladeces weriset soche ande mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_6: the ladeces were ised soshe and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_8: the latisses wer rized sushia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_10: the latises wereriused sushia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_12: the lattises wereriused sushia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air

file: 8254-115543-0042.flac
expected: they are my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_2: ther my das oi the littrgirl saundly as she pad do the bundeo be siter
	layer_4: there my dause ta the littlr girl saundtly ashe pad eo the bunder be siter
	layer_6: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted th bunder bysideer
	layer_8: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patedthe bunder beside her
	layer_10: they're my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundel beside her
	layer_12: they're my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundel beside her

file: 8254-115543-0043.flac
expected: i take them as an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_2: i sede then wuth an offerioun to the wholy rover por let ta women
	layer_4: i tat then with an offering to the holy rover pour little woman
	layer_6: i tate them with an offerning to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_8: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_10: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_12: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman

file: 8254-115543-0044.flac
expected: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_2: mus tosesacrfise thiy toyis to
	layer_4: must tho esacrifie thy tayse to
	layer_6: must tho sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_8: must tho sacrifice thy toiys too
	layer_10: must tho sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_12: must thou sacrifice thy toys too

file: 8254-115543-0045.flac
expected: smiled her uncle as he patted her head
	layer_2: smaordter uncl  she paded her head
	layer_4: smalder uncle ase patted her had
	layer_6: smalter uncle ase patted her head
	layer_8: smalder uncle asse patted her head
	layer_10: smalder uncle es hie patted her head
	layer_12: smalder uncle es hie patted her head

file: 8254-84205-0000.flac
expected: chapter forty nine griggs is stubborn
	layer_2: chapter forty nine grexes istupen
	layer_4: chapter forty nine griks isduban
	layer_6: chapter forty nine griks is dubon
	layer_8: chapter forty nine griks is stubbon
	layer_10: chapter forty nine grixs is stubborn
	layer_12: chapter forty nine grixs is stubborn

file: 8254-84205-0001.flac
expected: the days glided by with the stiffness in chris lee's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_2: the days gided by with the stifness in crispesed lembsgrowin lus painful and he pony recovering thast for the cleur  moutinars im to actl ife a curfor oonds
	layer_4: the days glided by bwith the stifness in christlese tembsgrowing lesst painful and the pony recovering tast for the clar mountinars eem to act lie a cur for wouns
	layer_6: the days glided by with the stiffness an christlese limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clare mountainair seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_8: the days gladed by with the stiffness in chrislye's limps growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainair seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_10: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispiy's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_12: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispi's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds

file: 8254-84205-0002.flac
expected: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_2: every day the came shotd tha endre animol anpetter contition
	layer_4: every day the came showed the indred animal inbetter condition
	layer_6: every day thet came showed the indred animal in better condition
	layer_8: every day thet came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_10: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_12: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition

file: 8254-84205-0003.flac
expected: its efforts to move no longer made chris wince and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustang suffer
	layer_2: ats efferst tomove nolongermad crisce iwintce and forgete his own pings and those hye fel at seeng the musting suffer
	layer_4: ats efforse to move nalonger made chrisibanse and forget his own paings in thougs hy felt at seng the musting supffer
	layer_6: its effrst to move te longer made chrisiants and forget his own pins in those he felt at seeing the mustaine suffer
	layer_8: its efforts to move no longer made chrisebins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustain suffer
	layer_10: its efforts to move no longer made crysuins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the musdain suffer
	layer_12: its efforts to move no longer made chrysubins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the musdain suffer

file: 8254-84205-0004.flac
expected: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_2: eve youlon was busy for the keeping wat h reggary tookup a gooct deo of tine
	layer_4: eve you on was busy for the keeping watch reggary took up a good de  of time
	layer_6: every one was busy for the keeping watch reglaly took up a good deal of time
	layer_8: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_10: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_12: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time

file: 8254-84205-0005.flac
expected: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think they are staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_2: it saw nong ence nead cradcres for them tt thingthar their staing on a cound of us whologh grages wer you lisining
	layer_4: it's a non sense ned crid crus for them to thingtha their staing on account of us who lo grigs where you lisinning
	layer_6: it's ou nonsense ned cried chris for them to think hat their staying on account of us wholo grigs where you listenning
	layer_8: it's ou nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that tey'r staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_10: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_12: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hulo griggs were you listening

file: 8254-84205-0006.flac
expected: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_2: howtod dyourpony kg lhis morning spended
	layer_4: how dod your ponigo lis morning splended
	layer_6: how did your ponigo this morning splended
	layer_8: how did your ponygo this morning splendid
	layer_10: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_12: how did your pony go this morning splendid

file: 8254-84205-0007.flac
expected: just halted a little on the bad leg but it's better than it was yesterday
	layer_2: thos harte t e lidr on the bar lag but his pettr than a was yestey
	layer_4: tose harted a littr on the ba leg but his better than a was yestedy
	layer_6: just hart ed a litte on the ba leg but his better than i was yestedy
	layer_8: just harted a little on the bar leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_10: just hott it a littlre on the ba leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_12: just hort it a little on the bar leg but is better than it was yesterday

file: 8254-84205-0008.flac
expected: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_2: to decaunterd his mony canter
	layer_4: to docander this morny canter
	layer_6: di dou canter this morni canter
	layer_8: did you caunter this morning canter
	layer_10: did you counter this morning canter
	layer_12: did you counter this morning canter

file: 8254-84205-0009.flac
expected: we went at a good swinging gallop and what about you
	layer_2: we what at a git sowein gallop and woud oa bl you
	layer_4: wet whet at a goit soween gallip and woat a bout you
	layer_6: we wat at a git swen gallop and what about you
	layer_8: we went at a gidtswang gallop and what about you
	layer_10: we went at a goit swing gallop and what about you
	layer_12: we went at a goit swing gallop and what about you

file: 8254-84205-0010.flac
expected: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_2: oh a monli lotle stite
	layer_4: oh i monly littl stiftol
	layer_6: oh i only little stiff still
	layer_8: oh im only little stiff still
	layer_10: oh i'm only little stiff still
	layer_12: oh i'm only little stiff still

file: 8254-84205-0011.flac
expected: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_2: we shall get stron wore quiokly gurning over the plains ore cimyng in an owt amone the mountints
	layer_4: we shall get strowm more quickly journing ovr the plains or cliing in anowt amon the mountaance
	layer_6: we shall get strong more quickly jurning over the plains or climbing in an ou amon the mountains
	layer_8: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in an out among the mountains
	layer_10: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_12: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains

file: 8254-84205-0012.flac
expected: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_2: he sys were distart to marol it dabrik
	layer_4: he sys were distart to morow at dabrick
	layer_6: he says were dostart to morowl at daybrik
	layer_8: he says we're to start to morrow at daybrick
	layer_10: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_12: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreack

file: 8254-84205-0013.flac
expected: hurrah cried chris
	layer_2: whor credcess
	layer_4: whora cradcess
	layer_6: hor a craied clis
	layer_8: hourra cried clus
	layer_10: hurra cried clus
	layer_12: hura cried clis

file: 8254-84205-0014.flac
expected: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_2: but we shat mylad why not
	layer_4: but wes shat my lad mhy nt
	layer_6: but we shat my lad why not
	layer_8: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_10: but we sha'n't my lad why not
	layer_12: but we sha'n't my lad why not

file: 8254-84205-0015.flac
expected: because i've seen indians again
	layer_2: bexcaust heen indions agaan
	layer_4: bexcats theen indans again
	layer_6: becsav hen indiance again
	layer_8: becaus aues theen indians again
	layer_10: becus ivs seeing indians again
	layer_12: becaus ivs seeing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0016.flac
expected: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_2: ill your all is seing indins agaain
	layer_4: il youre alwi sing indianc again
	layer_6: olh you'r always sing indianc again
	layer_8: oh you're always seening indians again
	layer_10: oh you're always seing indians again
	layer_12: oh you're always seing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0017.flac
expected: well they showed themselves to me i didn't want them said griggs dryly
	layer_2: while the show them file to me id ant waht them sicgrixtrilly
	layer_4: while the show them fils to me adent wat them sicrik strily
	layer_6: while theys show themils to me i dn't wat them sickrik stryly
	layer_8: well they show themsels to me i dn't want them said rek stryly
	layer_10: well they show themselves to me i didn't want them said greeke drly
	layer_12: well they show themselves to me i didn't want them said greeke dryly

file: 8254-84205-0018.flac
expected: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe
	layer_2: drn art ful lout inv ere been a way ad ow i beliecs
	layer_4: thern artful lot ev ered been away at a i belis
	layer_6: ther n artful lot ned eu'ld been away at a i beliese
	layer_8: they'r n artful lot nee' been away at all i believe
	layer_10: tey'e an artful lot neve' been away at all i believe
	layer_12: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe

file: 8254-84205-0019.flac
expected: we couldn't see em but if we'd made a start they'd have been close upon our heels directly
	layer_2: becouldn seem boh froe me de stat they had being cose upon i he as dereckly
	layer_4: wecouldn't se m buh fe me dostart they had beeng close upon ar he as drectly
	layer_6: we couldn't see him bo feu me to start they had been close upon her heos direckly
	layer_8: we couldn't see him bu  f o mere to start they had been close upon her heles directly
	layer_10: we couldn't see im but u mea o start they had been close upon eur heels directly
	layer_12: we couldn't see him but e mea to start they had been close upon heur heels directly

file: 8254-84205-0020.flac
expected: ah you'll have to trap them chris said ned maliciously
	layer_2: you hae ded chaptn cres r en miliiusly
	layer_4: ah you ha e traptd them  curs san en miliciusly
	layer_6: ah you have to trap themoccrs said nen maliciously
	layer_8: ah you have to trap themcrs said nen maliciously
	layer_10: ah you have to trap them accrus said nan maliciously
	layer_12: ah you have to trap them accrus said nen maliciously

file: 8254-84205-0021.flac
expected: look here if you say that again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_2: loocere f hi sfairt again we shall quare he'ret at grigs
	layer_4: lookere it hes sa at again we shall quire here tat grigs
	layer_6: look her if he say ot again we shall queroel here that griggs
	layer_8: look here if you say tat again we shall quarel heare that griggs
	layer_10: look here if you say that again we shall quarel hear that griggs
	layer_12: look here if you say that again we shall quarel hear that griggs

file: 8254-84205-0022.flac
expected: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_2: oh yes i her sur you writ
	layer_4: oh yes i here servfou riht
	layer_6: oh yes i heare serfyu riht
	layer_8: oh yes i hear serf you right
	layer_10: oh yes i hear servyu right
	layer_12: oh yes i hear serv you right

file: 8254-84205-0023.flac
expected: if you can't show us a better way you had better hold your tongue
	layer_2: is he cansihaas abet awayy had better hodere ton
	layer_4: its he can'tsal is a bet a wa y had better holdere tone
	layer_6: if he can' showl us a bet away  had better holdher tongue
	layer_8: if he can't show us a bet ar way hou had better hold her tongue
	layer_10: if he can't show us a better way you had better hold her tongue
	layer_12: if he can't show us a better way you had better hold her tongue

file: 8254-84205-0024.flac
expected: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_2: bere re well i con do l at si ned hortily
	layer_4: bery well i can do that said ned hortilly
	layer_6: bery well i can do that said nede hotily
	layer_8: very well i can do that said ned haghtily
	layer_10: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_12: very well i can do that said ned haughtily

file: 8254-84205-0025.flac
expected: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_2: theyr thoat's a nogh crard cress o be stol pedyg ed
	layer_4: they ae that's a nough crad cress don't be so pedined
	layer_6: theyrare that's enough cried chris don't be so pey ned
	layer_8: theyre that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_10: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_12: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned

file: 8254-84205-0026.flac
expected: that's right cried griggs
	layer_2: that sriht cadges
	layer_4: tha sright cad gis
	layer_6: that'sright ciedgis
	layer_8: that's right cied giks
	layer_10: that's right cid gigg
	layer_12: that's right cied gigs

file: 8254-84205-0027.flac
expected: look here lads i've just been trying that place again
	layer_2: looc er laves of jrsbeing thrind that place ogain
	layer_4: look yur lavde of justbeing tryind that pace again
	layer_6: look ur lads of justbing trying that place again
	layer_8: look here lads of drustpbeing trying that place again
	layer_10: look here lads of djristbeing trying that place again
	layer_12: look here lads of jristbeing trying that place again

file: 8254-84205-0028.flac
expected: any time the doctor likes
	layer_2: and he teme the douct tor likes
	layer_4: and he time the doc tor likes
	layer_6: and e timed the doctor likes
	layer_8: any time the doctor likes
	layer_10: any time the doctor likes
	layer_12: any time the doctor likes

file: 8254-84205-0029.flac
expected: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_2: ben shaht apby fellofe tho botan arow stound's bad enough burt his no mut eriskear
	layer_4: beeing shut a by fellows ho bosan airow sounds bad enough but this not much risker
	layer_6: being shot at ty fellows of bosan arrow sounds bed enough but there's not much riscere
	layer_8: being shot at bhy fellows of bowsand arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk er
	layer_10: being shot at by fellows of bowsand arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_12: being shot at by fellows of bowsand arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk ere

file: 8254-84205-0030.flac
expected: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_2: i dan' know about that se cres antiousply
	layer_4: i don'tkno about that secris nxiously
	layer_6: i don't know about that sachris anxiously
	layer_8: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_10: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_12: i don't know about that said chris anxiously

file: 8254-84205-0031.flac
expected: don't you well i do
	layer_2: don' t o whell i do
	layer_4: don't o will i do
	layer_6: don't you well i do
	layer_8: don't you well i do
	layer_10: don't you well i do
	layer_12: don't you well i do

file: 8254-84205-0032.flac
expected: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_2: i shouldbo ranng fashd and darging in anowt amon the rokand tchres
	layer_4: i should be ranning fased and darging in anout amon the rocks and chees
	layer_6: i should be running fast and darging in an out amone the rocks and chees
	layer_8: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and chees
	layer_10: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and chees
	layer_12: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and chrees

file: 8254-84205-0033.flac
expected: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_2: buthe enobe  won bestannil stil cutinud grgs
	layer_4: but the enebe wint be staning still countinued grigs
	layer_6: but the eneb won't be staning still continued grigs
	layer_8: but the eneby won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_10: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_12: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs

file: 8254-84205-0034.flac
expected: i don't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_2: ant believe his bitte rusk for me i shall be aid
	layer_4: ant believe this bitte risk for me i shall be aurright
	layer_6: aunt believe this bitter risk for me i shall be ul right
	layer_8: an't believe thi's bitter risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_10: an't believe there's a bit or risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_12: on't believe there's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right

file: 8254-84205-0035.flac
expected: but our animals will be well back in that hollow said chris
	layer_2: but it anan wis tal be well back an the hol sicress
	layer_4: but it animmoss willd be well back in theit hole sicresse
	layer_6: but it anamos will be well back in that whole sichris
	layer_8: but at animals will be well back ine that hole said chris
	layer_10: but at animals will be well back ine that hole said chris
	layer_12: but at animals will be well back ine that hole said chris

file: 8254-84205-0036.flac
expected: yes my lad but i want them to be planted farther back still
	layer_2: yes milad but a want them to be plinted for the bacxsfil
	layer_4: yes milad but a want them to be plinted for the bax fill
	layer_6: yes milad but i want them to be planted fur the backsfill
	layer_8: yes mylad but i want them to be planted for ther backfill
	layer_10: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for the backsvil
	layer_12: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for the backsfile

file: 8254-84205-0037.flac
expected: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_2: and tha fradt fa ther weas sytof the pons ur to be closeat hand
	layer_4: and te frat father will say that the ponis auret to be closetat hand
	layer_6: and afraid father will say that the pones ought to be close at hand
	layer_8: am afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_10: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_12: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand

file: 8254-84205-0038.flac
expected: yes that's right if it can be done but it would go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who set it
	layer_2: yes tatstrit of a cam be don but will go hardrethus all of the endiincskave ok the ba of the chrap and turn upon tose who seid it
	layer_4: yes that stright if it can be done but will go hard withus all of the indian skeve up the ba of the thrap and turne upon those who seid it
	layer_6: yes that sright if it can be done but wll go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_8: yes that's right if it can be done but will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bate of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_10: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who seid it
	layer_12: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bay of the trap and turned upon those who sed it

file: 8254-84205-0039.flac
expected: well you must talk it over with father said chris
	layer_2: whill you must tukit a rowith foather sicress
	layer_4: whele you must tukat a rooith father sicrisse
	layer_6: wele you must tulk it a ru with father sichris
	layer_8: well you must talk it aru with father  sicchris
	layer_10: well you must talk it arue with father a cicris
	layer_12: well you must talk it arue with father n cicris

file: 8254-84205-0040.flac
expected: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_2: to many res kons thebou as ai toldu
	layer_4: to many reatdskins thabout as i toldo
	layer_6: to many wredskins about as i told you
	layer_8: to many redskins about as i told you
	layer_10: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_12: too many redskins about as i told you

file: 8254-84205-0041.flac
expected: there are always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_2: ther al was to many read skins about crard cresnpitionly
	layer_4: there al ways to many read skinds about crad chrismpitiently
	layer_6: theyr always too many rede skins about cried christeimpatiently
	layer_8: they'are always too many redg skins about cried christ im patiently
	layer_10: there're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_12: there're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently

file: 8254-84205-0042.flac
expected: i wish we could charge them boldly and send them flying over the plains
	layer_2: i washo kcold chare them boltiasin them lying over the plainds
	layer_4: it was ho could chardes them bolthia sind them flying over the plains
	layer_6: i wis teu could charge them bollya send them flying over the plans
	layer_8: i wish ywu could charge them bolly a send tem flying over the plaines
	layer_10: i wish ywu could charge them bolly ad send them flying over the plaines
	layer_12: i wish ywou could charge them bolly ard send them flying over the plaines

file: 8254-84205-0043.flac
expected: never to come back again said ned sharply
	layer_2: nery to comebyck a git sain nend sharply
	layer_4: nevere to come back a gin said nen sharbly
	layer_6: never to come back again said nente sharbly
	layer_8: never to come back again said nene sharply
	layer_10: never to come back again said net sharply
	layer_12: never to come back again said net sharply

file: 8254-84205-0044.flac
expected: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game
	layer_2: not quiht mylade tn do ee t ot replaing a er re tioleshging
	layer_4: not quint mylads dhan to see that were plaing an ver ryetooklesh gimg
	layer_6: not quite my lads don' yo see that were playng i very tock lush game
	layer_8: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very tiklush game
	layer_10: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very tiklush game
	layer_12: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklush game

file: 8254-84205-0045.flac
expected: just then the doctor came into the shelter where the boys had been talking bringing with him wilton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_2: trs then the dactrcam to the sholtr wit the boyce av ing torking brin with em waton leveon shuding ratherd trimedto shut fre  had had no sessess d theye to wore tltieg urnestl obaut ways am s
	layer_4: drist then the dartr cim to the shelter with the boyce hafving tolking bring with hem waton h leavin shooding rathered trind to shoot for he had hadg no scess nthey two were talking earnesely ofthout ways a ms
	layer_6: drest then the datr cameinto the sheuder with a boys haveing talking bring with hem woton ho havin shooting orathered trying to shot for he had had no sucess and they two were talking earnestly about way as ad mes
	layer_8: drust then the darter came into the sheuter with the boys have beeng talking bring with hem whoton who have ben shooting orather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_10: just then the docter came into the shelter where the boys have been talking bring with hem woton who have been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_12: just then the docter came into the shelter where the boys have been talking bring with hem worton who have been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means

file: 8254-84205-0046.flac
expected: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_2: i' heuy or grgs pred the docter
	layer_4: oh eer yar grigs pred the jdacter
	layer_6: o hryour griggs craied the doctor
	layer_8: ohfhryar griggs cried the doctor
	layer_10: o fhu yoare griggs cried the doctor
	layer_12: o fhe yo are griggs cried the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0047.flac
expected: had a good turn at scouting yes sir
	layer_2: hade ae good t n escauding yes sir
	layer_4: had a gd tune sgouting yes sir
	layer_6: had a good tun a scouting yes sir
	layer_8: had a good tune scouting yes sir
	layer_10: had a good tuno scouting yes sir
	layer_12: had a good tunor scouting yes sir

file: 8254-84205-0048.flac
expected: the indians have shifted their quarters and they're in about as awkward a position as they could contrive for our purpose
	layer_2: the indy insafe shifpteo the corters and theri in the bout acs ol ciurt upossicion aslhy could contri oa o erpers
	layer_4: the indiince have shipte the corders and ther it in the bout as ecordt a possition as ly could contriyfe four of hurpose
	layer_6: the indiance have shippted the quarters and there i in the bout as ilqurd a position thas he could contrie far f purpose
	layer_8: the indians have shipeted their quarters and therein the bout us ilkward a position thas the could contri foruar purpose
	layer_10: the indians have shifted their quarters and ther in the bautas ikward a position as whe could contrive for our purpose
	layer_12: the indians have shifted their quarters and there in the bouas ilkward a position as the could contrive for our purpose

file: 8254-84205-0049.flac
expected: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_2: he mus get eway from heae to some good hunting grownd
	layer_4: he must get away from he to some good hunting ground
	layer_6: ye must get aay from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_8: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_10: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_12: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground

file: 8254-84205-0050.flac
expected: do the indians seem to be camping or only on the move
	layer_2: to the enda sin to becamthinmg pore on onta mos
	layer_4: to the endian sing to becaphing or ony on the movse
	layer_6: o the indiansing to be capping or only on the moove
	layer_8: do the indians sing to be kahing or only on the move
	layer_10: do the indians think to be caping or only on the move
	layer_12: do the indians thing to be capping or only on the move

file: 8254-84205-0051.flac
expected: they seem to me to be hatching up some dodge or another replied griggs
	layer_2: the seemed tome to behatn afpsoma dardr another an pi prgs
	layer_4: the seemed tomed to be haghing uf som dardere another andeplid grigs
	layer_6: thi seeme to med to be hadghing uf somef darger another andreplied griggs
	layer_8: thirs seemed to mee to be hatching up some dargeor another nd replied griggs
	layer_10: this seemed to me to be hatching up some darge or another i replied griggs
	layer_12: this seemed to me to be hatching up some darge or another i replied griggs

file: 8254-84205-0052.flac
expected: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_2: than he' begarn towolk u pen ounsfoy ovidently deepen thout
	layer_4: then he began towalk up and downce foly evidintly deep n thought
	layer_6: then he began to walk up and downcefullly evidently deepn thought
	layer_8: then he began to walk up and downfoly evidently deep in thought
	layer_10: then he began to walk up and down slolly evidently deep in thought
	layer_12: then he began to walk up and down sfully evidently deep in thought

file: 8254-84205-0053.flac
expected: there he said i've made up my mind
	layer_2: there he said is made of ly mine
	layer_4: there he said as made o y mind
	layer_6: there he said as made of y mind
	layer_8: there he said as made of thy mind
	layer_10: there he said as made of thy mind
	layer_12: there he said as made of thy mind

file: 8254-84205-0054.flac
expected: it is very evident that we may wait here till our stores are exhausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_2: it is mery evedent thut we my wy her tar stors aik ofbed and be as faroff thour petoe do ly secoss evern
	layer_4: it is nery evident that we me waight here tari stors ax osbid and be as far ofh theur pretunido we secus evern
	layer_6: it is mary evident that we may wait here to our storeas ae osbid and be as far offteruop potunity we seek us ever
	layer_8: it is mery evident that we may wait here to our stores ieaucped and be as far off ter opportunity we seek us ever
	layer_10: it is very evident that we may wait here to our stores i exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek us ever
	layer_12: it is very evident that we may wait here to our stores i exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek us ever

file: 8254-84205-0055.flac
expected: the indians can wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_2: thet indans cealet weacald not and btaceings omoit
	layer_4: the indian's kellwait we ca not and tey sien to kno it
	layer_6: the indians kallwigt we cannot and they seeme to know it
	layer_8: the indians ca wait we cannot and they seeme to know it
	layer_10: the indians calwait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_12: the indians cal wait we cannot and they seem to know it

file: 8254-84205-0056.flac
expected: going to give up young chris's plan said griggs slowly
	layer_2: ghoin tgive up youngtrices plain sit perex splolly
	layer_4: to in to give up youngtrises plind sit pea explilly
	layer_6: going to give up h young creses plaind sid be expelway
	layer_8: going to give up youngtresses planed said pek piway
	layer_10: going to give up youngtriss's planed said peuwkes pirway
	layer_12: going to give up youngtriss's planed said pukes pirway

file: 8254-84205-0057.flac
expected: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night
	layer_2: no an gon to put ti n forse ou woncs we stat to niht
	layer_4: no 'm gon to put nforce ou once we stot to night
	layer_6: no i'm going to put it n force out once we stote to night
	layer_8: no i'm going to put itn force aut once we stoate to night
	layer_10: no i'm going to put it in force out once we starte to night
	layer_12: no i'm going to put it in force out once we start to night

file: 8254-84205-0058.flac
expected: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_2: thue ao ther sam we combe naking uf pepriations
	layer_4: bu al ther samed we com be naking o peprations
	layer_6: but alther same we can be naking a peparations
	layer_8: but all the same we can be making ou preparations
	layer_10: bur all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_12: but all the same we can be making our preparations

file: 8254-84205-0059.flac
expected: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle
	layer_2: the bere ws come for ded wlaoter and evry oncs potu
	layer_4: the barows com be fodod water and every onespoto
	layer_6: the barels can be footd wd water and every onesbottole
	layer_8: the barrels can be foed wit water and everyone's bottoe
	layer_10: the barrels can be fooed with water and everyone's bottole
	layer_12: the barrels can be fooed with water and everyone's bottle

file: 8254-84205-0060.flac
expected: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_2: liions cambe pat t ien ow woll its e fat ee roytin heready for stot
	layer_4: previsions coan be pac in o wallits hefat everyhthing hewl ready fore stot
	layer_6: provitions can be pace o no wallets the fact everything helready for a start
	layer_8: provisions can be packed in o wallets the fact everything hel ready for a start
	layer_10: provisions can be packed in o wallets the fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_12: provisions can be packed in o wallets the fact everything held ready for a start

file: 8254-84205-0061.flac
expected: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_2: faindnoly juset thus thet anmust conbeudro vinience wrfuter water and
	layer_4: fanaly jusept thusk the ailmost con bea drividnce r fouther waterd and
	layer_6: firnaly juset thusk the adimos can be drividene ore fruther waterd and
	layer_8: firnally just at tusk the animis can be drividins for futer watered and
	layer_10: finally just at dusk the animos can be driven in for food an water and
	layer_12: finally just at dusk the animos can be driven in for food and waterd and

file: 8254-84205-0062.flac
expected: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_2: ecackults re pli the docter
	layer_4: excacklyes repli the doctur
	layer_6: exactlis replied the doctor
	layer_8: exactlya s replied the doctor
	layer_10: exactly as replied the doctor
	layer_12: exactly as replied the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0063.flac
expected: but before any more is said griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_2: but be for angy morr seigiks ol wat to ofe o ther ofpperthunity yo dro ac
	layer_4: but before any more as sei a grigs io aght to ofter you the opportunity oa drabac
	layer_6: but before any more esedi gigs i waught yo offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_8: but before any more auseti riggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_10: but before any more aeseti griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_12: but before any more are setigriggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back

file: 8254-84205-0064.flac
expected: what for said griggs sharply
	layer_2: wilt four sikgov shrarpling
	layer_4: will for si gove srpling
	layer_6: will for said goovhd shiply
	layer_8: whil for said guove sharply
	layer_10: whil for said couthe sharply
	layer_12: whilp for said gouth sharply

file: 8254-84205-0065.flac
expected: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_2: lot a bit of it sir a'd coon to tikcare thed ot hit meng
	layer_4: not a bit of it sir a'm gond do take hare thed ot hidmeng
	layer_6: not a bit of it sir i'm gong to take har they o't hitme
	layer_8: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take are they don't hit me
	layer_10: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_12: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me

file: 8254-84205-0066.flac
expected: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the redskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_2: i win to do have bit to caryout young cprisus plan is shoald upe the res an foral we gortor prasim monp hill wre get righteaway
	layer_4: i men to do a bit to carry yout young crises plan as shoud up the reskin for a egrtor praps a month ile we get right away
	layer_6: i mean to do a bit to car y out young chrise's plan as shut up the reskin for a wekerto prhaps a month whill we get right away
	layer_8: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chrises plan i shut up the reskin for a wek or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_10: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chrise's plan ad shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_12: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chrise's plan ad shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away

file: 8254-84205-0067.flac
expected: there is a horrible side to it griggs
	layer_2: ther s the forble sitat gges
	layer_4: ther is the horble situ ite gigs
	layer_6: there is the horrible si uic bigs
	layer_8: there is the horrible siei pigs
	layer_10: there is the horrible citwi bigs
	layer_12: there is the horrible cituik gigs

file: 8254-84205-0068.flac
expected: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_2: wout be is wre let then gid the petterf as er
	layer_4: what be as welet them git the betterfas sir
	layer_6: whutd be if we let them give the better us sir
	layer_8: would be if we let them get the better ofus sir
	layer_10: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_12: would be if we let them get the better of us sir

file: 8254-84205-0069.flac
expected: you mean the shutting up the enemy here to starve
	layer_2: you men the shuving upt the ani me thuar distars
	layer_4: you mean the shudding up the eney hare dstars
	layer_6: you mean the shuvting up the enemy here istars
	layer_8: you mean the shodding up the enemy here ti stars
	layer_10: you mean the shving up the enemy here distars
	layer_12: you mean the shoving up the enemy here distars

file: 8254-84205-0070.flac
expected: ejaculated griggs so sharply that the boys started serve em right if they did sir
	layer_2: he juclrta coingts so shuply of the boistrted srsem ryhe of be did cir
	layer_4: e jacklaeti croigs so shorbly t of the boicedarded srsm right if bi did sir
	layer_6: the jaculated crigs so sharply that the boy tarted strsm right ave be did sir
	layer_8: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started stersm right ive be did sir
	layer_10: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boy started sersm right if be did sir
	layer_12: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boy started sersem right if be did sir

file: 8254-84205-0071.flac
expected: what business have they to want our scalps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_2: whoat buses hav theye do wonoer sco wut e thion at shud te mup ti s tore
	layer_4: what busunce hade they do on er scup wut we sion at shet the mup dos tarve
	layer_6: what busnents have they do one or sculps but we should hat shut them uk tostar
	layer_8: what business hade they do honor sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_10: what business have they do whonor skulps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_12: what business have they do honor skulps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve

file: 8254-84205-0072.flac
expected: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a week
	layer_2: thet have weks of worte e for the could get thei horsees eup thout with houw horses tiv be out inhe wak
	layer_4: thea't have weks of work before the could get their horses out thut withou horses thiy be out in he wak
	layer_6: they'd have weaks of work before they could get their horses out bhut without horses they be out in ha wak
	layer_8: they'd have weeks of work before thy could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake
	layer_10: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake
	layer_12: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a wake

file: 8254-84205-0073.flac
expected: starve nonsense
	layer_2: star non sente
	layer_4: star non sente
	layer_6: star no sense
	layer_8: stare non sense
	layer_10: starved nonesense
	layer_12: starved nonesense

file: 8254-84205-0074.flac
expected: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen
	layer_2: but there i don ato mex pechunes i sthoausfedtlre gentomen
	layer_4: but there i don' atc a mexpechues it sous edtle gentimen
	layer_6: but there i don't want to makx speeches it's aws settle genteman
	layer_8: but there i don't want to make speeches it's al settle gentlemen
	layer_10: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen
	layer_12: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen

file: 8254-84205-0075.flac
expected: but you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off
	layer_2: wly yuse got to ted the lookat withs come ogh
	layer_4: wult yuse god to te the look out withs comeing off
	layer_6: whet youve god to te the look out wits coming off
	layer_8: whet you've got to tel the look out what's coming off
	layer_10: whell you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off
	layer_12: whetl you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off

file: 8254-84205-0076.flac
expected: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful indian scout that there is something on the way
	layer_2: now evre oe unde sand tha he as toi be radye wit hat shaln any washd fo indins ceuthef ther something on the way
	layer_4: now eveyne understand that he as to be ready withat shallye any washe for indincegout that theris something on the war
	layer_6: now every one understand that he is tol be ready withthat shall ne any washful anddincegout that there is something on the way
	layer_8: now everyone understand that he is to be ready with hot sholling any washful and dinsegout that there is something on the way
	layer_10: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchfo in dins sgout that there is something on the way
	layer_12: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchfo in dins sgout that there is something on the way

file: 4515-11057-0000.flac
expected: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_2: yet si stronm was the affect pon him of contenpliting a large fortingon that in despit of arson endesare he livet i eger expectation of the ward which should mycm rich
	layer_4: yet so stron was the effect upon him of conten pliting a large fortunon that indespiht of areason andesire he lived in eger expectation of the word which should my chimrich
	layer_6: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of areason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the woord which should ma cim rich
	layer_8: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_10: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_12: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich

file: 4515-11057-0001.flac
expected: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_2: apart of thatinperession was du to fh ingagement which he must nou ful fel
	layer_4: apart of that impression was du to te ingagement which he must nowful feell
	layer_6: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must naowfulfel
	layer_8: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfeld
	layer_10: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfiel
	layer_12: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil

file: 4515-11057-0002.flac
expected: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_2: to shafllout of thistute woudh mik him too ig nible even in his oie ys
	layer_4: to shafilout of this  tute would make him twoo icnoble even in his on eyse
	layer_6: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_8: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_10: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_12: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes

file: 4515-11057-0003.flac
expected: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_2: becaus in his selled ds he daliyed with e gild whoho had endead many chous stevep pistap he had come to the esessiteg of sacrfarcing his prospecs to that ra attachment
	layer_4: becaus in his sallowd diyse ha dalleied with a girld who had indeed many chons stap by step he had come to the necescity of sacrifarseing his prospicts to that ra attachment
	layer_6: because in his salod daies he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charmse stepd by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_8: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment
	layer_10: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment
	layer_12: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment

file: 4515-11057-0004.flac
expected: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park
	layer_2: i ible to think of rk he lef the hou seind wonbed plluimally about ragencs pok
	layer_4: in ible to think of work he left the house and wonderd plumirly about rengen s park
	layer_6: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomely about regien's park
	layer_8: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regentspark
	layer_10: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regentspark
	layer_12: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regentspark

file: 4515-11057-0005.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fate's instrument
	layer_2: he helt himself il yusd bi destini a vherfor by moriad ho was fightes instronet
	layer_4: he shelt himself il used by destiny a therefore by marrad ho was fites instrunmat
	layer_6: he fheltd himself ill used by destiny ad therefore by marian who was fates instrumante
	layer_8: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by mariaon who was fate's instrument
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument

file: 4515-11057-0006.flac
expected: he wrote to marian
	layer_2: he ritd to maowingn
	layer_4: he rite to maning hn
	layer_6: he wrohte to marring hin
	layer_8: he wrote to marringhim
	layer_10: he wrote to marrygham
	layer_12: he wrote to marryham

file: 4515-11057-0007.flac
expected: will you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_2: whel you let te hear or comin seeing
	layer_4: whet you let be her or comman seemig
	layer_6: whenl you let me her or comm and seemin
	layer_8: where you let me heare or come and see mig
	layer_10: when you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_12: when you let me hear or come and see me

file: 4515-11057-0008.flac
expected: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kill himself
	layer_2: i scarsly thougt have beifen has mihtely to ckill himself
	layer_4: i scarsely thought havf befen has lightcly to kill himself
	layer_6: i scarcely thought hof biffen as lighktly to kill himself
	layer_8: i scarcely thought of byffin as likely to kill himself
	layer_10: i scarcely thought of byffin as likely to kill himself
	layer_12: i scarcely thought of byffin as likely to kill himself

file: 4515-11057-0009.flac
expected: but why the deuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_2: but wy than che stid he go al the byy hout the
	layer_4: but woy the ce stid he gon' all the ayyhout the
	layer_6: but why the us id he go all the way  out there
	layer_8: but why the jeuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_10: but why the jeuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_12: but why the jeuce did he go all the way out there

file: 4515-11057-0010.flac
expected: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_2: i hi te woud prmy son nas
	layer_4: i hope yo woultd bri me som nhus
	layer_6: i hoped you would brig me some neus
	layer_8: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_10: i hoped hou would bring me some news
	layer_12: i hoped hou would bring me some news

file: 4515-11057-0011.flac
expected: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_2: pothety oi can inly suppise
	layer_4: potharty yuikcan only surpose
	layer_6: pover to yican only suppose
	layer_8: poverty yoi can only suppose
	layer_10: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_12: poverty i can only suppose

file: 4515-11057-0012.flac
expected: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_2: but i wil see welke do i had commacrost bien for a hlon tin
	layer_4: but i will see welke dow i hadnt come across befen for ane longe time
	layer_6: but i will see welp dow i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_8: but i will see welp down i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_10: but i will see welp down i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_12: but i will see wel down i hadn't come across biffon for a long time

file: 4515-11057-0013.flac
expected: was he still so very poor
	layer_2: whls he stimso nay p
	layer_4: wils he sti soe narry poar
	layer_6: whils he still so nary por
	layer_8: whilst he still so ery poor
	layer_10: whilst he still so ery poor
	layer_12: whilst he still so merry poor

file: 4515-11057-0014.flac
expected: asked amy compassionately
	layer_2: ast amydh compassionatly
	layer_4: asked amy compassionotly
	layer_6: asked ami compassionately
	layer_8: asked imy compassionately
	layer_10: asked imy compassionately
	layer_12: asked imy compassionately

file: 4515-11057-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_2: i mafrite s his bok fild atel
	layer_4: iam afrad so his book fald utely
	layer_6: i'am afraid so his book failed uttely
	layer_8: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_10: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_12: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly

file: 4515-11057-0016.flac
expected: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_2: o ifoi had a magind him still in suchd destresse sharly i mit oved on something to herpu
	layer_4: oh if oii had a magind him still insuch destress surly i wit have don something to helrppum
	layer_6: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help yi
	layer_8: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help you
	layer_10: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help you
	layer_12: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help you

file: 4515-11057-0017.flac
expected: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_2: pu chaincs his deftwas impart aribtible to that hopls slove
	layer_4: perchance his death was impart a tributable to that hopeles love
	layer_6: perchaince his death was impart a tributable to that hopeless love
	layer_8: perchance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_10: perchance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_12: perchance his death was impark attributable to that hopeless love

file: 4515-11057-0018.flac
expected: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_2: he sen't me a cop of his nobl she sad and i swy ham onse towi saf to the
	layer_4: he sent me a copy of his novle she sained and i so him oncelr towi saf tor that
	layer_6: he sent me a copy of his novel she saied and i saw him once or to ice after that
	layer_8: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_10: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_12: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that

file: 4515-11057-0019.flac
expected: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_2: have ing thi subjec to convirsipon put the two ware quicply a esed thand could other wise hafe beng the cae
	layer_4: having this subject to conversupon put the two ware quicktly at es than could otherwaise have beeing the case
	layer_6: having this subject to convers upon put the two more quickly at east than could other woise have been the case
	layer_8: having this subject tat converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_10: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_12: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case

file: 4515-11057-0020.flac
expected: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women
	layer_2: i me mit tke ar formest plice a un brilldey wiend
	layer_4: i me mito takea formost plaice amung brilty wimmen
	layer_6: amy might take a formost place among brildinm women
	layer_8: amy might take a foremost place among brildin women
	layer_10: amy might take a foremost place among brilian women
	layer_12: amy might take a foremost place among brilian women

file: 4515-11057-0021.flac
expected: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_2: aspiciely nowthat her fir the his thrian wth blinness
	layer_4: especialy now that her fa the is threned with blwinness
	layer_6: especially now that her father is threated with blowiness
	layer_8: especially now that her father is threatened with blndness
	layer_10: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_12: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness

file: 4515-11057-0022.flac
expected: is it so serious
	layer_2: is i sonsrous
	layer_4: is it soncserious
	layer_6: is it so serious
	layer_8: is it so serious
	layer_10: is it so serious
	layer_12: is it so serious

file: 4515-11057-0023.flac
expected: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_2: evan if misto gul recomvase his sigt at is not eed al litling that he will peabwled to wor as befor
	layer_4: even if misste yur recovers his sigt it is not at all likly that he will be ale to wor pas befor
	layer_6: even if mister yourl recovers his sight it is not at all likely that who will be able to work us before
	layer_8: even if mister yul recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_10: even if mister yue recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_12: even if mister yue recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before

file: 4515-11057-0024.flac
expected: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_2: and difrquofis a sory graife that
	layer_4: ad dffoco ies a so grave that
	layer_6: a difficuopis a so grave that
	layer_8: aurd difficulties are so grave that
	layer_10: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_12: our difficulties are so grave that

file: 4515-11057-0025.flac
expected: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_2: he pasd and lae his hand faiol disbodently
	layer_4: he ased and let his hand fi disponnently
	layer_6: he tased and ledt his hand file dispondently
	layer_8: he caused and led his hand file despondently
	layer_10: he paused and let his hand fil despondently
	layer_12: he paused and let his hand fil despondently

file: 4515-11057-0026.flac
expected: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_2: i have a good dal of willd you rere member and what i haf set my my dapon no dot i shal some di a chafe
	layer_4: i have a good deal of will you re member and what i have set my my tupome no daout i shal some di a chafe
	layer_6: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mi dupon no doubt i shall some daa chiefe
	layer_8: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achiefe
	layer_10: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achiefe
	layer_12: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achiefe

file: 4515-11057-0027.flac
expected: there was silence
	layer_2: fere wa sois
	layer_4: there was salencs
	layer_6: ther wers silence
	layer_8: there weare silence
	layer_10: there was silence
	layer_12: there was silence

file: 4515-11057-0028.flac
expected: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_2: theg las thre yes hikcontimued have myght no slit differntcs id my position
	layer_4: the last three yeus he continued have myght no slihte difference in my position
	layer_6: the last three yeus he continued have maht no slight difference in my position
	layer_8: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_10: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_12: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position

file: 4515-11057-0029.flac
expected: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_2: reca were i stood wen y fes eain
	layer_4: recol were i stood when you first umin
	layer_6: recall where i stood when you first new me
	layer_8: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_10: recall where i stood when you first near me
	layer_12: recall where i stood when you first near me

file: 4515-11057-0030.flac
expected: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_2: just nant wi a man nad if a liflin corachant
	layer_4: jus na wi me nede of a lifling coriathment
	layer_6: just now i a i need of a liftl encouratment
	layer_8: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_10: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_12: just now i am in need of a little encouragement

file: 4515-11057-0031.flac
expected: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_2: ye dun't noitous any farling of five my bwor crasenlyg
	layer_4: yoeu don't notes any falling of id mye bwor crecently
	layer_6: you don't notice any falling off in my work reacently
	layer_8: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_10: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_12: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently

file: 4515-11057-0032.flac
expected: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_2: di you sea y fhings ind the carnt and soo genraly
	layer_4: di you see my fhings in the carent and so on generaly
	layer_6: di you see my things in the curent and so on generally
	layer_8: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_10: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_12: do you see my things in the current and so on generally

file: 4515-11057-0033.flac
expected: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_2: sometims it beleav or have tatectigung wen ther was no sicnathur
	layer_4: sometims i beleve oi have detectadu wene there was no sicnature
	layer_6: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_8: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_10: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_12: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature

file: 4515-11057-0034.flac
expected: her story in that girls paper has attracted attention
	layer_2: her storin  that gls pipr has a tracted attention
	layer_4: her stoiin that gils pap has a tracted attention
	layer_6: e story un that girls piper has attracted attention
	layer_8: he story in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_10: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_12: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention

file: 4515-11057-0035.flac
expected: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_2: and i could so easily copert rest i ren ouncing al clime a ponher
	layer_4: and i could so easily put her rest iy renouncing all clim apon her
	layer_6: and i could so easily put her a rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_8: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_10: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_12: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her

file: 4515-11057-0036.flac
expected: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_2: y ser mys thet that yu your self would ar si be pud ort rest bye such o decation
	layer_4: y sumys that that yoe yourself would alsi be put o rest by such a decision
	layer_6: i surmis that that you yourself would also be put arest by such a decision
	layer_8: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put a rest by such a decision
	layer_10: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put atrest by such a decision
	layer_12: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put atrest by such a decision

file: 4515-11057-0037.flac
expected: don't look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_2: jim look ad me withat ouronical sma he platedt
	layer_4: jne look at me with that o runi cal smairr he pladed
	layer_6: gin look at me with that ironnicolr smile he pleaded
	layer_8: gant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_10: gyant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_12: gyiant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded

file: 4515-11057-0038.flac
expected: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_2: i couldn go b out the claring tha i thas harfercen in anyng oint i muspe kontan for papl to judc ne acording to vadispoition and juchmense o prity sulr to be youn fifinpbl whate canni do
	layer_4: i couldn't go abeout the clearing that i was hart brcan in any o en i must becontent for people to judgmy accordng to ber disposition and judgments of pretty sure to beyoun faerble what canni do
	layer_6: i couldn't go about dheclaring that i was heartbroken in any e nt i must be content for people to judge me according to teir disposition an judgments o pretty sure to be yund favorable what can i do
	layer_8: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_10: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart broken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_12: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart broken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do

file: 4515-11057-0039.flac
expected: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_2: the cacis to delicat if fiea for moy and vice
	layer_4: the cases to dellicat i fear for my advice
	layer_6: the cas is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_8: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_10: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_12: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice

file: 4515-11057-0040.flac
expected: well i'll go back to my scribbling
	layer_2: we o'l ga beacto mys scriply
	layer_4: well i'll ga becto mye scriply
	layer_6: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_8: well i'll go back to mie scribly
	layer_10: well i'll go back to myst scribly
	layer_12: well i'll go back to myst scriply

file: 4515-11057-0041.flac
expected: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_2: a gain jasd the helt e wit sof t and for esuperlous mannt
	layer_4: ia gain jas beheld the wite sovtand for a suppervfleus moiment
	layer_6: again jaspbeheld the vhit softeaned for a superfluous miment
	layer_8: again jaspeheld the wigte soft haned for a superfluous moment
	layer_10: again jasper held the wit soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_12: again jasper held the wit soft hand for a superfluous moment

file: 4515-11057-0042.flac
expected: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_2: ye forcuch feeling s he repouced himself and the repochd maet hin andry
	layer_4: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach maed him angry
	layer_6: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reprach made him angry
	layer_8: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_10: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_12: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry

file: 4515-11057-0043.flac
expected: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_2: mariin could notne stake tlhy ar of resls truble on her companin sive countnence
	layer_4: marian could not mestake the ear of resles trouble on her companion seove countnance
	layer_6: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion smooth countenance
	layer_8: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_10: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_12: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance

file: 4515-11057-0044.flac
expected: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she had approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_2: che had devoingd that theyre was so grareas on for this suence and the panting with which she opprorchd was harf arse by the enxtiouspitts of her hart
	layer_4: she had devoined that there was som grave reason for this sumence and the panting with which she approched was half caused by the enxious beets of her heart
	layer_6: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summoncs and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxciouspeats of her heart
	layer_8: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summonce and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_10: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_12: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart

file: 4515-11057-0045.flac
expected: he began abruptly
	layer_2: he be gan af brota
	layer_4: he began a brope tay
	layer_6: he began a broptly
	layer_8: he began bruptly
	layer_10: he began abruptly
	layer_12: he began abruptly

file: 4515-11057-0046.flac
expected: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_2: he gae her suchde tousas he had of taint bhen aded
	layer_4: he gave her such detowusas he had  taint then added
	layer_6: he gave her such detows as he had otaind then added
	layer_8: he gave her such detoils as he had obtained then added
	layer_10: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_12: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added

file: 4515-11057-0047.flac
expected: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_2: there too of mi e am panins foll on in the battle
	layer_4: there a to of mike am panioncs fall n in the battle
	layer_6: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_8: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_10: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_12: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle

file: 4515-11057-0048.flac
expected: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what
	layer_2: i ourghto fhink myself a lackiny felli maowin wat
	layer_4: i oughto think myself a lucky feli maia wat
	layer_6: i ought to think myself a lucky fili marriya what
	layer_8: i ought to think myself a lucky fely marria what
	layer_10: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what
	layer_12: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what

file: 4515-11057-0049.flac
expected: you are better fitted to fight your way jasper
	layer_2: you woud bet hear fiten to fite yor wy jesper
	layer_4: you worl bet tefitten to fight your way jasper
	layer_6: you are better fitt en to fight your way jasper
	layer_8: you weare better fit and to fight your way jasper
	layer_10: you were better fit and to fight your way jasper
	layer_12: you were better fit and to fight your way jasper

file: 4515-11057-0050.flac
expected: more of a brute you mean
	layer_2: nre of a reet enhian
	layer_4: mor of a bret e
	layer_6: mor of a breet enane
	layer_8: mor of a breitenin
	layer_10: mor a a britening
	layer_12: lor of a brit ening

file: 4515-11057-0051.flac
expected: you know very well i don't
	layer_2: he i now vereng well i tint
	layer_4: he ad now verin well i din
	layer_6: he are know very well i doned
	layer_8: her know very well i don't
	layer_10: he know very well i don't
	layer_12: her know very well i don't

file: 4515-11057-0052.flac
expected: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_2: i have maghd of moy mond a eyut arrefirs he waintarm presentlly
	layer_4: i have mat of my mine av out arafears he wen torm prisently
	layer_6: i have made ouf my mind a out orafairs he wentorm presently
	layer_8: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went o presently
	layer_10: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_12: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently

file: 4515-11057-0053.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: ges
	layer_4: tes
	layer_6: ges
	layer_8: yes
	layer_10: ges
	layer_12: ges

file: 4515-11057-0054.flac
expected: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_2: wil you marryly an glit aus tiket chams
	layer_4: will you mary me and let us tike ert chance
	layer_6: will you marry me and let us take yo chance
	layer_8: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_10: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_12: will you marry me and let us take your chance

file: 4515-11057-0055.flac
expected: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_2: you fel oself indispensibletya farthera present
	layer_4: you feel yourself indispensible to yoar father ate present
	layer_6: you feel yourself indispensible to your father at present
	layer_8: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_10: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_12: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present

file: 4515-11057-0056.flac
expected: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_2: i shud be so frid of the afectpon his helf jesper
	layer_4: i should be so fraind if the affect upon his healf jasper
	layer_6: i should be so a friand of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_8: i should be so frind of the effect upon his health jaspe
	layer_10: i should be so afraind of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_12: i should be so afraind of the effect upon his health jasper

file: 4515-11057-0057.flac
expected: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_2: she ased and looked apert hemtuchin y
	layer_4: she aused and looked apeet hem tuchingla
	layer_6: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_8: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_10: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_12: she paused and looked up at him touchingly

file: 4515-11057-0058.flac
expected: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind
	layer_2: tde yer i cout felit would bemmy juty to r noushe becaus my father had become blait
	layer_4: doyur i caun't feel it would be m duty to r nous he because my father had become bloid
	layer_6: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to r enouce yu because my father had become blid
	layer_8: dar i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blide
	layer_10: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blinhe
	layer_12: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blinde

file: 4515-11057-0059.flac
expected: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_2: has one thing acar to you
	layer_4: has one thing a cur to you
	layer_6: has one thing accur to you
	layer_8: has one thing occured to you
	layer_10: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_12: has one thing occurred to you

file: 4515-11057-0060.flac
expected: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus milvain
	layer_2: whill he coulnd sampt to recevfan a lonts for aperson whoos nme isomisses na fly
	layer_4: will he coln saemt to receive in a lounce for a person whose name is misses no vy
	layer_6: will he con senmt to receive in alouance from a person whose name is missus nilvey
	layer_8: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvai
	layer_10: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_12: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain

file: 4515-11057-0061.flac
expected: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_2: andi  y obstonently rerfses what thin what his befor hm
	layer_4: and if he obstinantly refuses what then what his before him
	layer_6: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_8: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_10: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_12: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him

file: 4515-11057-0062.flac
expected: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_2: she list on the aniousiy and dreflected
	layer_4: she listent the anxiously and reflected
	layer_6: she listened the anxiously and reflected
	layer_8: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_10: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_12: she listened anxiously and reflected

file: 4515-11057-0063.flac
expected: as i have said there is the very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_2: as ow have sid thre was a very erious dout whit the ur fa tha whuld excect mony forbou wen yeu wrl mo wifth
	layer_4: as i have seend there is a very serious daout where the your fa the would except money for beu when you ir m wife
	layer_6: as i have sed there is a very serious dou where ther your father would accept money for you when you wire my wife
	layer_8: as i have saind there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_10: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you ere my wife
	layer_12: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you ere my wife

file: 4515-11057-0064.flac
expected: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_2: if hisn't yoour fo mowiin and wel then theys only one thing to do
	layer_4: it isn't your folt mariant and well then this only one thing to do
	layer_6: it isn't your foult marian and well then thes only ont thing to do
	layer_8: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_10: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_12: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do

file: 4515-11057-0065.flac
expected: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_2: ixcrped jesper than i father is heltlus i mus fin reanst of a shur ing his suppaurt
	layer_4: exceped jesper that if father is helpless i must fie mans of a sureing his support
	layer_6: except jasper that if father is helpless i must fine means of assuring his support
	layer_8: axcept jaspe that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_10: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_12: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support

file: 4515-11057-0066.flac
expected: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_2: to i hink then in semoutable
	layer_4: doothink them insimoutible
	layer_6: do you think them insammountable
	layer_8: do you think them insumountable
	layer_10: do you think them insumountable
	layer_12: do yo think them insurmountable

file: 4515-11057-0067.flac
expected: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_2: that his jus wr hia dosit at his hing possibl mowi yu shall have the plintrt
	layer_4: that his jus wel heo hve disiedeat his inpossible mowie you shall have the plainetroth
	layer_6: that is just what ho hve desidet his impossible maian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_8: that is just what i have decided his impossible malian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_10: that is just what i have decided his impossible marion you shall have the plain truth
	layer_12: that is just what i have decided his impossible marion you shall have the plain truth

file: 4515-11057-0068.flac
expected: i don't trust myself
	layer_2: i dnt trast my self
	layer_4: i don't trast my self
	layer_6: i don't trust myself
	layer_8: i don't trust myself
	layer_10: i don't trust myself
	layer_12: i don't trust myself

file: 4515-11057-0069.flac
expected: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_2: but shald y fse the illilyn
	layer_4: but shalld yoe fase the willingly
	layer_6: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_8: but shall ye face them willingly
	layer_10: but shall ye face them willingly
	layer_12: but shall ye face them willingly

file: 4515-11057-0070.flac
expected: put up your umbrella marian
	layer_2: pulle hop u roun brelof marin
	layer_4: poult hup you rum broll of marin
	layer_6: put up you un brell af marian
	layer_8: pult up yu rum brella marian
	layer_10: pult up yorumbrella marian
	layer_12: pult up yourumbrella marian

file: 4515-11057-0071.flac
expected: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_2: whatke do i kaa for a droporin shexclained with passion ant sedness when al mon lmife is ic stak how mi toon derstantyou
	layer_4: whatdo hi care for a ropofrin she xglained with passionat sadness when all my life is astake how e migh to understand you
	layer_6: what do i care for a dropp of raine she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how a i to understaned you
	layer_8: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_10: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_12: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you

file: 4515-11057-0072.flac
expected: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_2: every worgy spek cemsingtended to this hartenmyng
	layer_4: every word you spek seemsingtenden to this hartind me
	layer_6: every word you speak seemsintenden to this heartend me
	layer_8: every word you speak seems intendent to this heartend me
	layer_10: every word you speak seems intendet to this heartened me
	layer_12: every word you speak seems intendet to this heartend mi

file: 4515-11057-0073.flac
expected: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_2: wyn nahu concel ifthat his the trth
	layer_4: why neyou concel it if that is the trth
	layer_6: why need you canceal it if that is the truth
	layer_8: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_10: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_12: why need you conceal it if that is the truth

file: 4515-11057-0074.flac
expected: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_2: is that what youl e by sing you distrss u sol
	layer_4: is that what you e by saging you distrus ousolf
	layer_6: is that what you me by syging you distrustd yourself
	layer_8: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_10: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_12: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself

file: 4515-11057-0075.flac
expected: we must see each other again marian
	layer_2: we mu se chou the regad maringom
	layer_4: we must sea ch othe regern marie
	layer_6: we must see ch othe regai marian
	layer_8: we must seeeach other agaed marian
	layer_10: we must see each other again marian
	layer_12: we must see each other again marian

file: 4515-11057-0076.flac
expected: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_2: howr mi tliv and oi in such unsrtenteistics
	layer_4: howe my toa live an aony in such uncertinty asdhies
	layer_6: how  i to live an hor in such uncertainty as this
	layer_8: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_10: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_12: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this

file: 4515-11057-0077.flac
expected: i do wish it
	layer_2: i tdowisit
	layer_4: i do wissh it
	layer_6: i do wish it
	layer_8: i do wish it
	layer_10: i do wish it
	layer_12: i do wish it

file: 4515-11057-0078.flac
expected: her emotion had an effect upon him and his voice trembled
	layer_2: heremotion hade ne fecdon hin and his voice trembled
	layer_4: heramotion had n afec d on him and his voice trembled
	layer_6: heremotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_8: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_10: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_12: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled

file: 4515-11057-0079.flac
expected: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_2: there is ni natural lor that a chad should so regde ehorything for herparenc
	layer_4: there is now natura loar that to chled should surende everything for her parence
	layer_6: there is no natural law that a chialve should surrenda everything for her parencs
	layer_8: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_10: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_12: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents

file: 4515-11057-0080.flac
expected: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_2: yiv nh se much mor of the wolld than igde cartuid fisming
	layer_4: youd no so much more of the woll han ide cantou oad fie me
	layer_6: you' know so much more of the world than i do can't yu adfvie me
	layer_8: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advicse me
	layer_10: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_12: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me

file: 4515-11057-0081.flac
expected: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_2: is thad non why of provoiting fr my fothr
	layer_4: is the no way of provoiding for my faother
	layer_6: is thai no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_8: is there no way of provoiding for my fther
	layer_10: is there no way of provoding for my fther
	layer_12: is there no way of provoiding for my father

file: 4515-11057-0082.flac
expected: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_2: god god this is froit ful marigonm i cant standet
	layer_4: good god this is fright ful marion i cant stand it
	layer_6: good god this is frightful marion i can't stand it
	layer_8: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_10: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_12: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it

file: 4515-11057-0083.flac
expected: i will be faithful to you
	layer_2: i wiul be faite ful to yur
	layer_4: i will be fathe ful t our
	layer_6: i will be faithful to you
	layer_8: i will be faithful to you
	layer_10: i will be faithful to you
	layer_12: i will be faithful to you

file: 4515-11057-0084.flac
expected: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_2: he had mighe or protencs of holding his on bror ivor her but moriyg in trdo wiy a woke to alitle distancs and stood binyt the shelt er of a grite trie here face of erted frompiun
	layer_4: he had made a protentse of holding his om bror eover her but maryin turnd awy ad warlked to a little distance and stood beneth the shelter of a grigt tre her face oerted frompium
	layer_6: he had made a pretense of holding his umbroer over her but maryin turned awy and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a greit tree her face averted from him
	layer_8: he had made a pretense of holding his umbreer over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_10: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_12: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrellar over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him

file: 4515-11057-0085.flac
expected: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_2: novi to follw he sar ther her fri w shak in by saoun los sopieng
	layer_4: movito follow he saw that her frainm was shakeen by soundles sobing
	layer_6: movic to follow he swaw that her framne wa shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_8: movig to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_10: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_12: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing

file: 4515-11057-0086.flac
expected: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_2: en what ca therbi mor solficiess
	layer_4: in what can ther be more soficiness
	layer_6: in what can there be more sofishness
	layer_8: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_10: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_12: in what can there be more selfishness

file: 4515-11057-0087.flac
expected: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_2: but hi couldnt sa on ored that wheld seemn to in fiht such miseryis thics
	layer_4: but i couldn't say of word that would seem to in fighte such miserioas this
	layer_6: but i couldn't say o word that would seem to infighte such misery as this
	layer_8: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_10: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_12: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this

file: 4515-11057-0088.flac
expected: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_2: you ton love mey jesper an thats and and of everyting
	layer_4: you dun love me jespe and thats an end of everything
	layer_6: you don't love me jespe and that's an end of everything
	layer_8: you don't love me jaspe and that's an end of everything
	layer_10: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_12: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything

file: 4515-11057-0089.flac
expected: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_2: happinessl miserry cometo es byffit
	layer_4: happinessal miserycome to us by fiit
	layer_6: happiness or misery come to us by fit
	layer_8: happiness of misery come to us by fat
	layer_10: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_12: happiness or misery come to us by fate

file: 4515-11057-0090.flac
expected: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_2: is if hen mye paowrt to mighte yourhappy
	layer_4: is if hin my pow to myght you happy
	layer_6: is if he my power to mak you happy
	layer_8: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_10: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_12: is it in my power to make you happy

file: 4515-11057-0091.flac
expected: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_2: but hiav e at sae hou lougt we be fo thert i should havit all wyce to remin be
	layer_4: but hiavfe yheu lhad sad hou loved meet bo for that i should have it alwice to remimber
	layer_6: but if you had said yhou loved mee before that i should have it alwayse to remember
	layer_8: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_10: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_12: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember

file: 4515-11057-0092.flac
expected: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_2: if fi belee anying i beleaes tht i dit lo iu
	layer_4: if i believ any thing i believe that i dit love ou
	layer_6: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_8: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_10: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_12: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you

file: 4515-11057-0093.flac
expected: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_2: whate camyou sy to meig mor than you have sed ner
	layer_4: whalt cam you say to me moare than you have se mar
	layer_6: what can you say to me more than you have sand naow
	layer_8: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_10: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_12: what can you say to me more than you have said now

file: 4515-11057-0094.flac
expected: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it comes to
	layer_2: remembe meas of man who disred garded prisel lof such us yrs to g and maek himself u proud pos ation amon fos and naves indee thats wor its cometon
	layer_4: remambeme rs a man who disregarded priceles lave such as yurs to go and make himself a proud position om ong fouls ad naves indee that wat its comto
	layer_6: remember mye as a man who disregarded pricless love such as yurs to go and make himself a proud position among foolls and naves indeed that's what its come to
	layer_8: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_10: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_12: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to

file: 4515-11057-0095.flac
expected: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_2: sn noufe wold torly despoisming and thu i should noewirt was merited wmhyt e e vrs prid would reful togistet
	layer_4: son anou fhe would thorly dispis me and thogh i should knoor was marited my povirst pried would revalt togainst it
	layer_6: soon enough hyew would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my peverse pride would revult against it
	layer_8: soon enough hyeu would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_10: soon enough heu would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_12: soon enough ye would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it

file: 4515-11057-0096.flac
expected: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_2: whant campy simplot hin the treth
	layer_4: what can be simplothan the trief
	layer_6: what can be simpler than the truf
	layer_8: what can be simpler than the truf
	layer_10: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_12: what can be simpler than the truth

file: 4515-11057-0097.flac
expected: it is a thing that happens every day either in man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_2: ift his a fin tha happens everid e therin a manl homen and fol that onloe demance isthe coragedto confise the trith
	layer_4: it is a fing that happens every day either in a man ar whomen and fal that onlo demons is the corage to confess the truoth
	layer_6: it is a thing thant happends every day either in a man or whoman and all that on a demands is the couriage to confess the truth
	layer_8: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that hona demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_10: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that onour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_12: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that onour demands is the courage to confess the truth

file: 4515-11057-0098.flac
expected: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_2: marryon lor he d this whil hyou live here in gageet losfornothe sixsmoncse but withey out hav meatin juring that tain
	layer_4: marion bil you do this whill you let har in gagment lasfrnothe sixmonts but withey oud have meting guring that tin
	layer_6: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without have meetin during that tie
	layer_8: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that time
	layer_10: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without hav meeting during that time
	layer_12: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without hav meeting during that time

file: 4515-11057-0099.flac
expected: that seems to me childish
	layer_2: that seeinsto y chaldish
	layer_4: that seems  me charldish
	layer_6: that seems to me chaldish
	layer_8: that seems to me childish
	layer_10: that seems to me childish
	layer_12: that seems to me childish

file: 4515-11057-0100.flac
expected: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_2: the riin fel onsacingwen ad withthit begard to ligl on ore tumba bist
	layer_4: the rin fell unsascinglin and with it begad to mnigle an or tumlal mist
	layer_6: the rain fell unceasingling and with it bega to migle an ortumbda mist
	layer_8: the rain fell unceasingli and with it began to mingle an autumbler mist
	layer_10: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumble mist
	layer_12: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumble mist

file: 4515-11057-0101.flac
expected: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_2: jespbet delid a mimet then ast coly
	layer_4: jespbut delad a miment then ast camly
	layer_6: jesper delad amiment then asked calmly
	layer_8: jesper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_10: jesper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_12: jesper delayed a moment then asked calmly

file: 4515-11057-0102.flac
expected: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_2: i you goind to the musn yes
	layer_4: ir you going to the musm yes
	layer_6: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_8: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_10: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_12: are you going to the museum yes

file: 4515-11057-0103.flac
expected: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_2: go him hagid or thismorning marinon you crp wrk
	layer_4: gohome agie for this morening marian you cap work
	layer_6: go hom agid for this morning marian you cap work
	layer_8: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_10: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_12: go home again for this morning marian you can't work

file: 4515-11057-0104.flac
expected: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_2: y must and i have no tane to ls
	layer_4: y must and i have no tame to los
	layer_6: y must and i have no time to lose
	layer_8: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_10: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_12: i must and i have no time to lose

file: 4515-11057-0105.flac
expected: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_2: good by she gafe end hrs int
	layer_4: good by she gave in her hid
	layer_6: good by she gave him her hand
	layer_8: good bye she gave him her haand
	layer_10: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_12: good bye she gave him her hand

file: 4515-11057-0106.flac
expected: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_2: thi lok toty cholthe forn anstat they moangn lef the shelto of the trn ipeter of brola ad waked quicpl awy
	layer_4: thy looked it each o the for an einstant the marryan lef the shaelto of the tre iopet er a brellar atd walked quickly awy
	layer_6: they looked at each other for agn instant their maryan left the shelter of the tree operd her a brella atd walked quickly awhy
	layer_8: they looked at each other for an instant then mariand left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_10: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_12: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away

file: 4515-11057-0107.flac
expected: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_2: jas bhe did not watch ho he had the fice of a mn who was sur aga sof fyut hemele ation
	layer_4: just the did not watchher he had the face of a man who wis sufferingas sof fier humalliation
	layer_6: just the did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a sevr humiliation
	layer_8: justut did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_10: jaspar did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_12: jaspur did not watch her he had the face of a man who as suffering a severe humiliation

file: 4515-11057-0108.flac
expected: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tones and aspect
	layer_2: his sist o saive bery litl for she reackig nas genu n sufrangin his tin saond aspict
	layer_4: his sister said bury little for she reckogno s genen suffteringin his tins and aspect
	layer_6: hes sister said bury little for she recognoas genuane sufftering in his tins and aspect
	layer_8: his sister said bery little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_10: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tives and aspect
	layer_12: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tines and aspect

file: 4515-11057-0109.flac
expected: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_2: a fhe wenk sagao he atialy prepos towr onman for hm hegus not protame to have the slihtes toffection but hi was very rich and who semd lihtly to ba fllition ough to marry him
	layer_4: a few winksago he atually propos to ar woman for horm he dos not protame to have the slightes teffection but who was very rich and who seemed liely to be foulisionough to mary him
	layer_6: a few wings ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest deffection but who was very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_8: a few winks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_10: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_12: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him

file: 4515-11057-0110.flac
expected: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_2: yest nong morting he wae seived er fin al ainsr i refusl
	layer_4: yest nong morning he wre seived her fignal ancser a refusal
	layer_6: yestir done morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_8: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_10: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_12: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal

file: 4515-11057-0111.flac
expected: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_2: yoi wil ontdestand thi sholy u nat n fresh prf how aely u worthe he as ovf hu
	layer_4: yout will understened thy sharly ou net nofresh prof how utly awor the he is of hyou
	layer_6: you will understand thoug shurely yu need no fresh proof how utterly aworthy he is of you
	layer_8: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly aworthy he is of you
	layer_10: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_12: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you

file: 4515-11057-0112.flac
expected: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_2: you wilt the only fori doy have of my oun seks and i could not b t wse hyou
	layer_4: you wire the only fredi have of my on sex and i could not betlose you
	layer_6: you wre the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear tolose you
	layer_8: you were the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_10: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_12: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you

file: 4515-11057-0113.flac
expected: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_2: sevrle dase passtd beforl thei came of reply
	layer_4: sever days passt before theit kame o reply
	layer_6: severl days pased before theire came a reply
	layer_8: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_10: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_12: several days passed before there came a reply

file: 4515-11057-0114.flac
expected: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_2: i must inly as think ou wl wright tome with out tha lasdrefferente to thi strouvlos tell e overways about yoourself ad be shae that youcannot telny too much
	layer_4: i must only asked that you ill right to me without the least reference to thes troubles tell be aeaways about yourself ad be sure that you cannot tell mey to much
	layer_6: i must only aske that you will wright to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me alhways about yourself ind be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_8: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_10: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_12: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much

file: 3915-57461-0000.flac
expected: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_2: we havesecceited in amassing too hundred unces of silver a noth i tres to  reck ahanseom bront ficgur
	layer_4: we have succeeted and a massing two hundred ounces of silver anough i tressed to arect ahansome browgnds figure
	layer_6: we have succeeded in a massing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trest to erect a handsome brone figure
	layer_8: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronde figure
	layer_10: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_12: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure

file: 3915-57461-0001.flac
expected: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_2: two be surit seens a sham yet of i kcoud stel th money this presed es bosting aboup i culd liv it eas for ther  rest of mid days and oh he begain casting about howp best he mit composis perpase
	layer_4: to be sure it sems a shame yet if i could steall the money this presedes bosting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and soh he begain casting about howp best he migh compossis purfoce
	layer_6: too besure it seems ashame yet if i could steeal the money this priesd is boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass is purfose
	layer_8: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this priestis boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_10: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this prists boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_12: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this prist's boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose

file: 3915-57461-0002.flac
expected: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of kuana
	layer_2: but the preasd far from guesing the drift of his comrats thouts durny cherfully an til they rich the toun of cona
	layer_4: but the preast far from guessing the drift of his comrads thoughts jurny cheerfully on till they rech the town of cona
	layer_6: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comraes thoughts journeied cheerfully on till they reached the town of coona
	layer_8: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeye cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana
	layer_10: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana
	layer_12: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana

file: 3915-57461-0003.flac
expected: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_2: her thereis an arm of the se which is crosd in firy boats that startis soun a some twony ar thirty pasenders a gather together and an hone of thes boats the two tralers omd bart
	layer_4: here thereis an arm of the sea which is crossed ind fairy boates that startis soon a some twenty or thirty passengers are gather together and in one of these boats the two travelers and barkt
	layer_6: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairy boats that startest soon and some twenty or thirty passengers are gather together and in one of these boats the two travellers and barked
	layer_8: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fery boats that start ast soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_10: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travelers embarked
	layer_12: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked

file: 3915-57461-0004.flac
expected: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_2: when the bot men apassonders heard the splashion saw the pres strugliy n the water theyewer frad and mat every effort to save him but the win was fair in the boat running swifly under the belling sails saoi they were soon a few hundred dyoard s off rom the drouning man who sank befor the bote could be turne ter reskiu him
	layer_4: when the boatemen apassenders heard the splashion saw the prie struglwin in the water they were frad ad made every effort to save him but the wind was fair an the boat running swiftly under the bellyings sailes so they were soon a few hundred yards off rom the drownding man who sank before the boate could be turned to reskou him
	layer_6: when the boatmen adpassenders heard the splash and saw the priese strugglin in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair an the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boak could be turned to rescue him
	layer_8: when the boatmen and passenders heard the splash and saw the priest strugglig in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the belling sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_10: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_12: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him

file: 3915-57461-0005.flac
expected: when he saw this the ronin feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kiyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_2: when he sawthas the rond fain the ut mose crefen dhismame and said to his fell upasenders tis preise toom we of just lostd was my cousont he was going to cieotoa to visit the shrin of his paturant and as i happen to have business ther s well we settled to travle t ogether
	layer_4: when he saw this the ron faind the utmost crefen dismame and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we of just lost was my cousant he was going to kio to to visit the shrin of his patrent and has i happened to have business there is well we settled to travele together
	layer_6: when he saw this the ron fained the upmost crief in dismame itd said to his fellow passengers this prese whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patrant and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travele together
	layer_8: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost crief and dismayn and said to his fellow passengers this presed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patront and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_10: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_12: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together

file: 3915-57461-0006.flac
expected: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_2: ne howalasby this mis fortan my cousen is ded and i am left l lo
	layer_4: now  las by this miss fortune my cousan is dead and i am left  lone
	layer_6: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_8: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_10: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_12: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone

file: 3915-57461-0007.flac
expected: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story and pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_2: he spoke so feling ly an wept so freely thae the passender's believedou story and pitedin triedt comferdem
	layer_4: he spoke so felingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed to story an pited on tried comfordem
	layer_6: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed to story und pitied and tried to comfort hem
	layer_8: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed hi story undpitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_10: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_12: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort him

file: 3915-57461-0008.flac
expected: then the ronin said to the boatmen
	layer_2: than the rounan saidtof the botmen
	layer_4: then the ron an said to the botmen
	layer_6: then the ron and said to the boatman
	layer_8: then the ronand said to the boatman
	layer_10: then the ronand said to the boatman
	layer_12: then the ronand said to the boatman

file: 3915-57461-0009.flac
expected: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_2: what think u gentlmen atid he turning to the other shravlers
	layer_4: what think you gentleman addid he turning to the other sravelers
	layer_6: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_8: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_10: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_12: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers

file: 3915-57461-0010.flac
expected: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronin had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_2: they of course were only to glad to a voit any hinderane to ther on wr jurny and all with onevoiyce a greed to what the ron an hev prprosed ands o the matter resatdled
	layer_4: they of course were only two glad to avoit any hindrance to there on word journey and all with one voices a greed to what the ron in have prprosed and so the matter ahsattled
	layer_6: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ron and have proposed and so the matter was satdled
	layer_8: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhon and have proposed and so the matter was setdled
	layer_10: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonand had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_12: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonon had proposed and so the matter was settled

file: 3915-57461-0011.flac
expected: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronin overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiyoto
	layer_2: weon at lank they reach theh shor they lofthe bot and every man went his way but the ronint over joyde in is heart tok the ondering prace logage and putig it with is on fersued his jurny to kioto
	layer_4: wen at lang they reached the shore they lefthe boat and every men went his way but the ronent over joyed and his heart took the mwondering prece lugage and putting it with his own ersud his journey to kiato
	layer_6: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ron it overjoyed in his heart took the wondering priest luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiota
	layer_8: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kuioto
	layer_10: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kuioto
	layer_12: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quioto

file: 3915-57461-0012.flac
expected: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_2: fortan favoring his speculations he bean to a mask great welthaen lived ad hises de ning himself nothing and in the course of time hy maried awife who bwore him achiled
	layer_4: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a mask great wealth an lived at his es didnying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_6: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a mask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_8: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_10: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_12: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child

file: 3915-57461-0013.flac
expected: since then all has gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_2: since than alas gone wel was me yet had i not ben poor i had never turnede sass ond northef
	layer_4: since then alwas gone well was me yet had i not been poor i had never turne to sassand nor thief
	layer_6: since then always gone well wits me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassin northief
	layer_8: since then alwas gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned ta sassin northief
	layer_10: since then allways gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned asassin nor thief
	layer_12: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned asassin nor thief

file: 3915-57461-0014.flac
expected: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_2: he would a fled into the house but tha gos strech forth hi t withered arm and cluching the back of as  next scalled at him with a veendict of glairana hitius gasly ness of mean so one spekably offul that any ordinary man would haf swon with fere
	layer_4: he would havefloed into the house but the go stretch forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his nex scaled at him with a vendict iof glar and a hidious gasly ness of mean so one speakably owfl that any ordinary man would have swooun with fer
	layer_6: he would have fled into the house but the ghot stretch forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his nexkt scowled at him with a vindict ife glar and a hideous gastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_8: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_10: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of min so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_12: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of minm so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear

file: 3915-57461-0015.flac
expected: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokubei fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_2: at length undon by such seeasles fexation took abay fel ill and cet muttering o missery misery the wandering prieased is coming to torturme
	layer_4: at length undone by such saseless fexation tok a bey fell ill and ket mutering oh misery misery the wandering priesd is coming to toarture me
	layer_6: at length undone by such ceaseless fexation took abay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_8: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took o bay fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_10: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took obay fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_12: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took obay fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me

file: 3915-57461-0016.flac
expected: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next street
	layer_2: now t chance that the story richd the ears of a certin andering priece to loged in the extreen
	layer_4: now at chance that the story reach the ears of a certain wandering priese two lodged in the nextreen
	layer_6: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest too lodged in the nex tren
	layer_8: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest wo lodged in the next stream
	layer_10: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream
	layer_12: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream

file: 3915-57461-0017.flac
expected: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_2: and highting is headuneder the cover let he lake quivering all over
	layer_4: and higting his head under the coverlet he lake quivering all over
	layer_6: and hidinghis head under the cover let he lake quivering all over
	layer_8: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_10: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over
	layer_12: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over

file: 3915-57461-0018.flac
expected: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_2: three yearsc ad the con a faery you flung me into the water and welld you rememberit
	layer_4: three years go had the coon affairy you flung me into the water and welld you remember it
	layer_6: three years ago ad the coona fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_8: three years ago at the cuana fery you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_10: three years ago at the kuanafery you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_12: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it

file: 3915-57461-0019.flac
expected: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_2: happlly contenrd the prieastd i had learne to swim ante dive as aboy sai reach the sr and after wandering throue many provences suxceeted and setting uple bron t figyare to boda thous fafilling the wish of my heart
	layer_4: happily contenue the prieasd i had learned to swim andtodive as a boy sa i reach the shore and after wandering through many provences succeaded and setting up a brond figure to buda thus fafilling the wish of my heart
	layer_6: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up a brone figure to butta thus fafilling the wish of my heart
	layer_8: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronde figure to budda thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_10: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_12: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart

file: 3915-57461-0020.flac
expected: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_2: on my jurny hommorts i toothelodging in the nex treet and ther hert if your marvlis ilment
	layer_4: on my journey homemwords i took a lodging in the nextreet and there heard of your marivalis alment
	layer_6: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and ther heard of your marvelis alment
	layer_8: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous alment
	layer_10: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_12: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment

file: 3915-57461-0021.flac
expected: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_2: thinking i ced devine ats cars t a cam to seeu and them blad to find i was not a stakan
	layer_4: thinking i could devind its cause it came to see and em glad to find i was not ma staken
	layer_6: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_8: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_10: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_12: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken

file: 3915-57461-0022.flac
expected: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_2: and wuld int not illd become me to barmous
	layer_4: and would it not ill become me to beremalse
	layer_6: and would it not ill become me to bear malise
	layer_8: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_10: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_12: and would it not ill become me to bear malice

file: 3915-57461-0023.flac
expected: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_2: repent therefor in abandinoar yeval wayse
	layer_4: repent therefor in a bandenyoar evl ways
	layer_6: repent therefore in a bandonyur evil ways
	layer_8: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways
	layer_10: repent therefore an abandon your evil ways
	layer_12: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways

file: 3915-57461-0024.flac
expected: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_2: to see you do soe i shoulustm the heite of happiness
	layer_4: to see you do so i shoul tha stem the hight of happiness
	layer_6: to see you do so i should isteem the height of happiness
	layer_8: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_10: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_12: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness

file: 3915-57461-0025.flac
expected: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_2: be havfe good chere now and look bain the face and euw will sy that i am rilli a living man and no venhful dobblan come te termentyu
	layer_4: be of good cheer now and look be in the face and you will see that i am realli aliving man and no venshful toblan come to toermentya
	layer_6: be of good cheer now and lookd bme in the face and you will see that i am reallya living man and no venshful goblin come to torment yu
	layer_8: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_10: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_12: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you

file: 3915-57461-0026.flac
expected: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_2: in a fit af nadness i was tempsted to kill and wrobiu
	layer_4: in a fit ofe madness i was tempted to kill and robbo
	layer_6: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu
	layer_8: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robyu
	layer_10: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_12: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you

file: 3915-57461-0027.flac
expected: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_2: forthim be friended me ever after but the rituri re the mor knly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i for saw that my vitims fengionce would some day of vertakemig
	layer_4: fortun befrended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i fore saw that my victims fengence would someday overtake me
	layer_6: fortuned befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_8: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_10: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would someday overtake me
	layer_12: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me

file: 3915-57461-0028.flac
expected: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_2: hont e by ths thought i lost my nerove tio one nighte i beheldyour spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_4: hante by this thought i lost my neurve tilp one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_6: haunted by this thought i losst my nerve ti one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_8: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve til one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_10: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_12: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill

file: 3915-57461-0029.flac
expected: but how you managed to escape and are still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_2: but how yo manised to ha scapenher stil  live is more than ikean understand
	layer_4: but how you manirgh to his scape an er still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_6: but how you manage to his scape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_8: but how you managed to escape ind her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_10: but how you managed to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_12: but how you managed to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand

file: 3915-57461-0030.flac
expected: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork's beak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_2: at gulty man said the priesed with a smile shutters at the rustling of the wend tha chattering of ha storxs beak a merders constince prase upon his min til he sees what is not
	layer_4: a guilty man said the priesed with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind wr the chattering of ha storkspeak a merders consciente praise upon his min till he seeas what is not
	layer_6: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind ore the chattering of a stork speak a murder's conscience praise upon his mine till he seas what is not
	layer_8: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of ha storik speak a murder's conscience preise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_10: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a storic speak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_12: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a storc speak a murdereor's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not

file: 3915-98647-0000.flac
expected: every well ordered japanese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_2: evere well ordherd jarlpkins hom of the old fassion in havs itstlil srnm which as the senter of ther relidgos lie thi the hous
	layer_4: every well orderd jacptis home of the old fashion ine has its little shroim which as the senter of the relige oth life of the house
	layer_6: every well ordered jacpies home of the old fashion kind havs its little shrine which is the centr of the religious life of the house
	layer_8: every well ordered japke's home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrm which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_10: every well ordered jaknes home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrin which is the centr of the religious life of the house
	layer_12: every well ordered jaknes home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the centre of the religious life of the house

file: 3915-98647-0001.flac
expected: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day and anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_2: shedies he set the riceon ine bef or the ans estrl tamdblets who ligts the ll lam peach nie and who sise that at each feestayn anersry seson the proberfut is prepared and set out for the housld got
	layer_4: she itis who sets the rice and ine be fore the ands estrl tadlets who lights the litle lam peach nihte and who sees that at each feeeday ian anversre season the prober futisprepared and set out for the houseld gots
	layer_6: she atis who sets the rice and wne before the ancestrial talets who lights the little lampeach knight and who seesed that at each feestday an aniversary season the proper footis prepared and set out for the houseold gods
	layer_8: she it is who sets the rice and wne before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feastday in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_10: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_12: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods

file: 3915-98647-0002.flac
expected: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safeguard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_2: these must be kep carfully by the mothers e saf gartgent tha manyte evles tha beset chiled lihfe
	layer_4: these must be kep carefully by the mothers asafe gard igains the many evles that beset shild life
	layer_6: these must be kept carefully by the mother is a safe gard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_8: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_10: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_12: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life

file: 3915-98647-0003.flac
expected: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_2: visitstonotedtemcls by relit ofes im frens ofon ris altinaditionh to the chilt clection
	layer_4: visits tonoted temples by relitivfes em friends offten resalt in aditionth to the childth collection
	layer_6: visits to noted temples by relatives an friends often result in additions to the child'h collection
	layer_8: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child' collection
	layer_10: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_12: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection

file: 3915-98647-0004.flac
expected: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_2: all thes er puut tagether by the carfom mothern preservedis shellisly as queen ou the ackep the chard stic that goverend the destinhe avefer son
	layer_4: all these are put tagether by thet careful mother in proserved as chaell asley as queen ou the a kept the chard stick that goverie the dest ine offr son
	layer_6: all thes ware put together by the careful mother an preserved as jellusly as queen ou thea kept the chard stick that goverin the destiny of her son
	layer_8: all these ware put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althia kept the chared stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_10: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althia kept the chared stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_12: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althia kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son

file: 3915-98647-0005.flac
expected: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and they are usually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_2: as the childern aritha ears of discression thes treasur's passeout of the mothers fae ful keeping into the hans of their actualt oes an there yeresly cep spor t away an some little use drr cadnent tild deth re moves the nesessity for any frther sae grndtso overlife
	layer_4: as the childrn ari tha years of discression these treasures pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hans of their actual oders and theie yearly kept sporet away and some little used draror cabnent n tild death removes the necessity for any further save gard so overlife
	layer_6: as the children arriv hat years of discression these treasures pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owders and theire early kept spored away in some little used drawereor cabnet until death removes the necessity for any further safe gardso over life
	layer_8: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their yeasally kept storit away in some little used drawereor cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard s over life
	layer_10: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their eaually kept storiet away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard to over life
	layer_12: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owdners and they re eausually kept storiet away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard to over life

file: 3915-98647-0006.flac
expected: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of pros and cons can read aright the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_2: ech anei mil bringsis onkined of gooder bad luckcan to the houer day ore yer over which o prlite and only a skilful bonsero prose and cons cand redt or right the con inations and under stan what theluck of any pouo tecki her hour in ande perticulr day  vean y pertacular yor will be
	layer_4: each anima brings its owmn kind of gooder bad luckconto the hour day or year over which a predites and only a skillful balancwer prosand cons can red a righte the cominations and understain what the luck of any putickul her hour in any perticular day oaf any prticular yeer will be
	layer_6: each animal brings its own kind of gouder badluck into the hour day or yeuar over which at prodides and only a skillful balancer af prosen cons canrad a right the comvinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_8: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck anto the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of pros en kans can read a write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_10: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of pros and kans can read o write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_12: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of prose and kans can read or write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be

file: 3915-98647-0007.flac
expected: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_2: fr the greaer vent of famly lif tha hom pro ases her felt to be too unserten on thas serviss of te forthantellor must becalden
	layer_4: or the greatoer avense of family life the whom proasies ar felt to be two uncertain an this servaces of the fortuntellor must becalled hin
	layer_6: for the greater events of family life the hom propacies are felt to be too uncertain an this survices of the fortune teller must be called hin
	layer_8: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain in the servfaces of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_10: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain ind the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_12: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in

file: 3915-98647-0008.flac
expected: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_2: no well manesh fanmily with thincod building in new house withut finding in whot direction to fhayce thue frunt dor
	layer_4: no well manish family wiulth think ofd building an new house without finding ind what direction to face the front door
	layer_6: no well manishe family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_8: no well manise family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pface the front door
	layer_10: no well manished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_12: no well manished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door

file: 3915-98647-0009.flac
expected: after this matter has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_2: after this manter has bensettled an the houss farly begun there ar a catinall craces in its construction apon which muchd tepens
	layer_4: after this manner has been settled and the houses fairly begun there are a casional crices ind its construction upon which much depens
	layer_6: after this manner has been settled and the houses fairly begun there are occasional chricies in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_8: after this manner has been settled and the house es fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_10: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_12: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends

file: 3915-98647-0010.flac
expected: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_2: a these the mosthim portines the da leng the brioth isryst
	layer_4: of these the most importaines the day whin the rouf as rst
	layer_6: of these the most importanes the day when the rof is rrized
	layer_8: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_10: of these the most important is the day when the roof is rased
	layer_12: of these the most important is the day when the roof is rased

file: 3915-98647-0011.flac
expected: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_2: thehousonter theni the side wither the dae sat by the buillder is a leckin one for himself and his fam
	layer_4: the housonor then i the side wheather the day set by the bilder is a lecking one for himself and his famiy
	layer_6: the houseownor then  teside whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_8: the house owner then n teside whether the day set by the builder is a lecki one for himself and his family
	layer_10: the house owner then decide whether the day set by the builder is a lecky one for himself and his family
	layer_12: the house owner then n decide whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family

file: 3915-98647-0012.flac
expected: a present of money to each workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job in hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the ridge pole cast down cakes for which the children of the neighborhood scramble joyfully
	layer_2: a presen of mun tet whort man is also in order and will conduse to the rappid in fathfuil execution of the cjhotat han when it las the housis frnishd in carperenters omqlas ers ar ready to lievit the loclefiremen who havee sisted all along in the building as unskild labors often as sen to the roofh and from te brigh pull casdowun cake for hich the cshilderem in the neyghbore had scramble coyfuly
	layer_4: a present of money teatworman is also an order and will condese to the rapit in faithful execution of the chobit han when it las the houses firnishe an carbrnders amd plafsters ar ready to leave it the locl firaman who heave a sisted all along in the building as unskiled labors often a sen to the roofh and from the brighe pul cas down cakes for which the childrenm thin the neighbourhood scramble choyfully
	layer_6: a present of money t eact wortkmen is also in order and will condoce to the rapit in faithful execution of the jobit hand when at last the houses finished in carbrenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firaman who have assisted all along in the building as unskilld labors often asend to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children han the neighborhood scrambled jhoyfully
	layer_8: a present of money to ach workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carbrenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled labors often assend to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children tin the neighborhoods scrambled jhoyfully
	layer_10: a present of money to eac workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridge poll cast down cakes for which the children in the neighbourhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_12: a present of money to eac workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridge poll cast down cakes for which the children in the neighbourhood scrambled joyfully

file: 3915-98647-0013.flac
expected: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_2: all com whe can and thot wo ocan not consan servansr provisions
	layer_4: all come who can and thohse who cannot comsen servan sor provisions
	layer_6: all come who can and those who cannot comestins servans or provisions
	layer_8: all come who can and those who cannot come sent servants or provisions
	layer_10: all come who can and those who cannot comesens servants or provisions
	layer_12: all come who can and those who cannot comesens servants or provisions

file: 3915-98647-0014.flac
expected: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan
	layer_2: on the day afterd thit deth offean in the evning bhe bodi must replact in the cask shapd carfon that anto resontly was a stil coinly an us anggopin
	layer_4: on the day afterd the death oftin in the evening the bodting must re placed in the cask shaped coff an that antil resently was a stil commonly n usange opan
	layer_6: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the casku shaped coffin that until reasently was a styled commonly and usangeapan
	layer_8: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a caskue shaped coffin that until recently was e style commonly and use ing japan
	layer_10: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a caskue shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in use in japan
	layer_12: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a caskue shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in use in japan

file: 3915-98647-0015.flac
expected: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with burial in the old way makes the survival of the old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_2: no mong the wel thye ar class es the long cofan has se perceted the small sewhare or roun one but the smlrg spence connecto with he barial an the old wa maxes ervivle of an old time un necescite fr the manjorty of japans
	layer_4: now among the weltyer classes the long coffen has supercted the swall suare or round on but the smollerg spense connecto with the barial in the old way maxes survival of an old tite anecessity fr the majority of japanas
	layer_6: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has suprceeded the small square or round one but the smallerg spense connected with a bariel in the old way makes as survival of an old tipte anecessity for the majority of japanes
	layer_8: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superceded the small square or round one but the smaller pense connected with ha burial in the old way makes as survival of an old type o necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_10: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type o necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_12: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type o necessity for the majority of japanese

file: 3915-98647-0016.flac
expected: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_2: at in apon ed time all the relitovf s the sumble in the defh chamber and preperations r mad for the bathing of the courps
	layer_4: at an apointed time all the relitifes the sumble in the deft chamber and preperations re made for the bathing of the corps
	layer_6: at an appointed time all the relatives thes semble in the death chamber ind preparations are made for the bathing of the corps
	layer_8: at an appointed time all the relatives assembol in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_10: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_12: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse

file: 3915-98647-0017.flac
expected: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_2: her 's now ficial sari moniyo morning of parence for their childrn nored his custom require them the perofon any of tlllastd rit sor atten the  iinne
	layer_4: there's no a ficial sara moniyal morning of parencs for their children nor dis custom require them e performt any of the last rites owr attend the funra
	layer_6: theres no efficial seramonial morning of parents for their children nor discustom require them to perform any of the last rights or attend the funral
	layer_8: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rigts or attend the funeral
	layer_10: there is no official ceremonial morning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rits or attend the funeral
	layer_12: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral

file: 3915-98647-0018.flac
expected: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_2: upon thy younger brothersan sistres falls the duty of iten dhing to all the last sad minestrations
	layer_4: upon the younger brothers and sistrs falls the duty of atending to all thelast sad ministrations
	layer_6: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all f the last sad ministrations
	layer_8: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_10: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_12: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations

file: 3915-98647-0019.flac
expected: when the body has been washed it is dressed in white in silk habutai whenever the family can afford it
	layer_2: when the body has bend washed is isdresst in whiht in sill cabo ti when everth e famd likan fordat
	layer_4: when the body has ban washed as as dressed in white in silcobo time when everth a famlikcan ford it
	layer_6: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white an silcabotie whenever the familikcan afford it
	layer_8: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white an silcaboutie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_10: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silkabo tie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_12: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silkcabo tie whenever the family can afford it

file: 3915-98647-0020.flac
expected: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_2: the body to be plas in the cofen must be fallded into a sitting posture and the chen resteicn epon ie neas the position of the momes fundan many aeragal amaricontoms
	layer_4: the body to be place in the cofften must befoldted into a sitting postur nd the chin restacpen upon then neigs the position of the momis foundin many abaraginal amaricontums
	layer_6: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restig e upon the knegs the position of the mumyes found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_8: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restigupon the kneegs the position of the mummiys found in many aboriginal american tombes
	layer_10: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restig upon the knees the position of the mummiyes found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_12: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs

file: 3915-98647-0021.flac
expected: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_2: this difical to us a pherntly am possible fet safely acomplashed there r placet in the coenand number o small things toith the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_4: this difficult to us a parently impossible feet safely occomplished there are placed in the coffenan number of small things thath the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_6: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next wirld
	layer_8: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_10: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_12: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin ad number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world

file: 3915-98647-0022.flac
expected: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_2: the singal eccuption to this rlbout nttl is that small coper oins may be puten to fe the old hag who goards the bankold the riverove death
	layer_4: the singl ecception to this rull about nettle is that small coper coins may be putten to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the riverove deth
	layer_6: the single ecception to this rull about mettal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_8: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_10: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_12: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death

file: 3915-98647-0023.flac
expected: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_2: lst of all the vakcont spaces in the cofon ar fildt ind with bags of te
	layer_4: last of alld the vigend spaces in the coffen ar filledt in with bags of ta
	layer_6: last of all the vagant spaces in the cofhin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_8: last of all the vagant spaces ind the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_10: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_12: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea

file: 3915-98647-0024.flac
expected: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_2: so longas the coinass in the housin mus pe wache dover continually
	layer_4: so long as the cofinas in the houson must be watchd over continually
	layer_6: so long as the coffin is in the house ind must be watched over continually
	layer_8: so long as the coffin is in the house intd must be watched over continually
	layer_10: so long as the coffin is in the house ind must be watched over continually
	layer_12: so long as the coffin is in the house itd must be watched over continually

file: 3915-98647-0025.flac
expected: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_2: it is theirduty to sev thid the an sence brning before the coiness ten never loue togo out while the food for the deatis rere need at rekuler in rls by the morners t hemseles
	layer_4: it is their duty to see that the ansense burning before the cofftiness the never louve to go out while the foot for the dead is wre ned at regular innervols by the morners themselves
	layer_6: it is their duty to see that the insense burning before the coffhinis t never llowved to go out while the foot for the dead is wrerenewed regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_8: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allow to go out while the food for the dead is renewed a regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_10: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_12: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves

file: 3915-98647-0026.flac
expected: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_2: thereor few en lightn jappiny is ho will tof fen the presencistim tof crlty to the fflectit or ho du not long for some chamge but so great as the forse of concereitis im in the sregard so honting the feare that any change may in the cade a lack of er spectfor the dead thet er form ad fances slowlyg
	layer_4: there are few and light en japinyis who will to fen the presentsistim of crulty to the afflictedt or who do not long for some chage but so greatoes the force of concervitism in this regard so hunting the fear that any change may and docade a lack of er spect for the dead that wereform advances slowly
	layer_6: there are few and lighten japanys who will tofend the present system of cruelty to the efflictid or who do not long for some change but so greaters the force of conservitism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_8: there are few enlightened japanes who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicteit or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_10: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_12: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly

file: 3915-98647-0027.flac
expected: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_2: inde vidral instancos accurin which som of the orst features of these coustioms armot ifiht
	layer_4: individual instance as accurin which some of the worst features of these custiams ar moadifigt
	layer_6: individual instance as occur in which some of the worst features of these custioms are modified
	layer_8: individual instanceas occur in which some of the worst features of these custums are modified
	layer_10: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these custumes are modified
	layer_12: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these custumes are modified

file: 3915-98647-0028.flac
expected: a case in point is that of the late mister fukuzawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_2: a casond point as that uf the laht mister fookasova a man whis life was to voted to the ad vancement of his country an ind matern ways and who en his defcontenued his tacing
	layer_4: a casean point is that of the latemister foukas aa aman whose life was dovoted to the advanceman of his countryman in modern ways and who in his defh contenued his teaching
	layer_6: a cas an point is that of the late mister fucazaa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countryman in modernways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_8: a casin point is that of the late mister fucazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_10: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_12: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching

file: 3915-98647-0029.flac
expected: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_2: ind is will he provitted that his pody was to be baried without washing ind the clothing iand which he diede
	layer_4: in his will he provided that his body was to be baried with out washing in the clothing in which he dide
	layer_6: in his will he provided that his body was to be burried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_8: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_10: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_12: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died

file: 3915-98647-0030.flac
expected: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_2: thruegetheis growing feeling and me unselfisioness of mae turnael offection makeoman timed the release from theis mornful saremonets
	layer_4: thruh thrs growing feeling and the unselfishoness of maturneleffection make ommon time the release from these mornful saremoneedts
	layer_6: through thers growing feeling and the unsulfishness of maternal affection mayecommon time the release from these mournful sceremonies
	layer_8: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonis
	layer_10: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_12: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies

file: 3915-98647-0031.flac
expected: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_2: jus prore the persecion start ore werdlaveieasaroa mlonyi is heled at the house which as ittended by the friens of th de sast and which us substantiualy the same af that rfrned at the semeatary
	layer_4: just perfore the prcesion starts a were lige assare mony as held at the house which as attended by the friends of the decasd and which as substantially the same af that prformed at the semateary
	layer_6: just berfore the procession starts o relige a care mony as held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same is that prformed at the cemetary
	layer_8: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_10: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_12: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery

file: 3915-98647-0032.flac
expected: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_2: on the day of the barial great punches of natural floris er sento the deat each bunch so largeis to recare the services fone man to caria
	layer_4: on the day of the baril great bunchas of natural flowers ar sento the ded each bunch so large as to recare the services of one man o cario
	layer_6: on the day of the bariel great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to recar the services of one man to carrien
	layer_8: on the day of the buril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to recar the services of one man to carry it
	layer_10: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_12: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it

file: 3915-98647-0033.flac
expected: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_2: sometimes with hicif ha man a sento take part nthe presession but if the giverfeal two poure toa highr a man this burdaen two fals upon the breave houshuld for at i coudt wrequirs that all floers sent be born to the grae by unform colies who morch in the fenal train
	layer_4: sometimes with the gif a man is sent to take parnt the proesession but if the giver feel two por to highr a man this burdain too falls upon the breved household for ati cad requires that all flowers sent be born two the graved by uniform colies who morch in the funeral train
	layer_6: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part the prossession but if the giverfeel two por to higher a man this burden two falls upon the brieved household for edicatd requires that all flowers sent be born to the grave by uniformd coolies who morch in the funeral train
	layer_8: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procsession but if the giver feels too poor to highr a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for edicuate requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_10: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procsession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be born to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_12: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procsession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train

file: 3915-98647-0034.flac
expected: another favorite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_2: another fa re presinat this time among bootist is a cage of living birds two be born to the grayve and wereleast theire one
	layer_4: another fabore presonat this time among bootist is a cage of living birds two be boarn to the grave and were least their on
	layer_6: another fabort presenet this time among butests is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and were least there on
	layer_8: another favorite presen at this time among budists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and wrereleased thereon
	layer_10: another favourite president this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and released thereon
	layer_12: another favourite president this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and released thereon

file: 3915-98647-0035.flac
expected: it seems more like a bridal than a burial
	layer_2: it seme s mor like a bridld than a bearil
	layer_4: it seem stomore like a bridold then a berial
	layer_6: it seems t more like a brigdl than a baril
	layer_8: it seems more like a bridl than a burial
	layer_10: it seems more like a bridle than a buril
	layer_12: it seems more like a bridle than a burial

file: 3915-98647-0036.flac
expected: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_2: during this puari od the spired of the dicistis suppose to be stil in habiting the hous and at thab liter shrin as set up in the dea chamber prefor which food oncflowers ar renewd daily
	layer_4: during this period the spiried of the dicasedis supposed to be stil indhabiting the house and athablitther shrin his set up in the deth chambr prefoure which food and flowers are reneud daily
	layer_6: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tabletor shriness set up in the deathchamber pefore which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_8: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryin is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_10: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryne is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_12: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily

file: 700-122868-0000.flac
expected: of course you must be elaine anne said diana
	layer_2: of quoushed you mus pe lane an ta dan am
	layer_4: of quased you must be alaine an sa dianam
	layer_6: of course you must be alain anne said diana
	layer_8: of course you must be alaine anne said diana
	layer_10: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_12: of course you must be alane anne said diana

file: 700-122868-0001.flac
expected: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know i couldn't keep still
	layer_2: f carse it woot beor a mantat conceeted chan anderus buti know hat i couldn' kepston
	layer_4: if course it would bearomantit conceeted chan anderoes but i know that i couldn't keep ston
	layer_6: iof course it would be r omanti conceeded chan endries but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_8: of course it would be romantic conceded chane andrws but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_10: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_12: of course it would be romantic conceded chane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone

file: 700-122868-0002.flac
expected: but it's so ridiculous to have a redheaded elaine mourned anne
	layer_2: but a so wrd diculust o haver read headedeg lan mornd an
	layer_4: but at so erd diculus to have a read hededy lain morned an
	layer_6: but if so wrdiculous to have a red headiny lane morned ene
	layer_8: but it so ridiculous to have a red head in e lane mourned nn
	layer_10: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headen y lane mourned enn
	layer_12: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headen y lane mourned nn

file: 700-122868-0003.flac
expected: and elaine was the lily maid
	layer_2: and a lane was  loiy mad
	layer_4: and a lane was a loving med
	layer_6: and alane was a lving maid
	layer_8: and elane was a living maid
	layer_10: and ilane was a living maid
	layer_12: and elane was a living maid

file: 700-122868-0004.flac
expected: your complexion is just as fair as ruby's said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_2: your compluction is u usfairas rebious said di on ar aron tesly and your heres ever soemec hs ducer thanhe us to be befor you cuti
	layer_4: you're complection is jusus fair is roebi us said dianar arnesly and your har s ever so much darker than it used to be before you cutit
	layer_6: your complexion is just as fair is rubies said diona earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_8: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_10: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_12: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it

file: 700-122868-0005.flac
expected: it was splendid to fish for trout over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_2: it wasplened de fis for chrot of er the breice and tha twew girls tlored to ror thmselves about in tae little faht botom doriam ths surbary hapforoductuting
	layer_4: it was splended defich for chot over the brige and the two girl's loared to row themselves about in the little flaht bottom doryan mi serbary ep for ductuting
	layer_6: it was splended to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls luard to row themselves about in the little flat bottomn dorian miserbary kept for dukthuting
	layer_8: it was splendid o fish for crot over the bridge and the two girls lared to row themselves about in the little flat bottome doryan mister berry kept for duk shooting
	layer_10: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lored to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dorya mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_12: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lered to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dorya mister barry kept for duck shooting

file: 700-122868-0006.flac
expected: it was anne's idea that they dramatize elaine
	layer_2: in was a mndiey rth the jamatisalan
	layer_4: it was ay n didya thathe damatis a lan
	layer_6: it was an dideat that they drometis alane
	layer_8: it was an'd idea that they drametize a lane
	layer_10: it was anne's idea that they dramatize a lane
	layer_12: it was anne's idea that they dramatize a lane

file: 700-122868-0007.flac
expected: those days she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_2: there stay she said were so muh wor ramanti cin the presend
	layer_4: theresday she said were so mich more romantic in the present
	layer_6: there's day she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_8: theres day she said were so much more romantic tan the present
	layer_10: thursdays she said we're so much more romantic tan the present
	layer_12: thursdays she said we're so much more romantic tan the present

file: 700-122868-0008.flac
expected: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing elaine
	layer_2: they had oftan gom dawn micke this and nhethin coul be morkan venint forepling alan
	layer_4: they had often gom down mike this and nethink ould be more canveniant for playing alan
	layer_6: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alaine
	layer_8: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a laine
	layer_10: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane
	layer_12: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane

file: 700-122868-0009.flac
expected: the black shawl having been procured anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_2: the lak shall having mein procarn anspetted over tha flit and then lay down on the bothim with closetd eyse and handsfuld ted over her bresst
	layer_4: the blacshall having mein procarn and spettet over the flagt and then lay down on the bothim with closetd eyes and handsfullded over her bresst
	layer_6: the black shall having been prookcurn ane spettit over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folted over her breast
	layer_8: the black shell having been procurene anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_10: the black shell having been procured anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_12: the black shell having been procured anne spred it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast

file: 700-122868-0010.flac
expected: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_2: it spiles the ae fact wiecus is us hundrt of years befor missus son wus born
	layer_4: it spoiles the ave fact becaus is is hundreds of years before missuss land was born
	layer_6: it spoils the effect because his is hundreds of years before missus lind was born
	layer_8: it spoils the effect because tis is hundreds of years before missus lynd was born
	layer_10: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_12: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born

file: 700-122868-0011.flac
expected: jane you arrange this
	layer_2: than yer rinses
	layer_4: chan yeur renches
	layer_6: gan yur renches
	layer_8: jann ye renches
	layer_10: jan yer wrenches
	layer_12: jan yer renches

file: 700-122868-0012.flac
expected: it's silly for elaine to be talking when she's dead
	layer_2: it silly frellain to be tacking when histain
	layer_4: it silly foirlang to be talking when he stan
	layer_6: it siltly firllyine to be talking when she stan
	layer_8: it's sitly furlyn to be talking when she stand
	layer_10: it's silly frlene to be talking when she stan
	layer_12: it's silly ferleine to be talking when she stayne

file: 700-122868-0013.flac
expected: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_2: chaneruste th  ason
	layer_4: janrustor the a casien
	layer_6: jane rustof the ccason
	layer_8: jane rest ted the occasion
	layer_10: jane rust to the occasion
	layer_12: jane rust to the occasion

file: 700-122868-0014.flac
expected: left behind at the landing
	layer_2: thet erined athe landin
	layer_4: the erhindat the landing
	layer_6: te behind of the landing
	layer_8: left behind i the landing
	layer_10: left behind it the landing
	layer_12: left behind it the landing

file: 700-122868-0015.flac
expected: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_2: an gaive one gaskping little scren which nobity ever hearn she was wit the lips but she de not lase her selfposession
	layer_4: and gave one gasping little screenm which nobity ever hern she was white to the lips but she dod not lowse herself posession
	layer_6: and gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_8: ane gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_10: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_12: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession

file: 700-122868-0016.flac
expected: there was one chance just one
	layer_2: there as one cheants just one
	layer_4: there is one chance just one
	layer_6: there is one chance just one
	layer_8: there is one chance just one
	layer_10: there is one chance just one
	layer_12: there is one chance just one

file: 700-122868-0017.flac
expected: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_2: and de suc shircom stances youon't think rmen tobout making of flowry pr
	layer_4: and de suc sircumstances you on't think mento bout making of flowery par
	layer_6: under such shircumstances you on't think muct about making a flowry pare
	layer_8: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowry paier
	layer_10: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_12: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer

file: 700-122868-0018.flac
expected: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_2: the later tedender the brats and then promplys sank en mid strain
	layer_4: the fihtjer ted under the brids and then promply sankin mid stram
	layer_6: the fight jr tod under the brids and then promply sank an mid stream
	layer_8: the flight irted under the bridgs and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_10: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_12: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream

file: 700-122868-0019.flac
expected: ruby jane and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had not a doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_2: rebe chame and thana all raly a witting it an the lowher headlan saught di sppearrbefor ther vareys and had no doutpbut that an hand gon dan withit
	layer_4: ruby cjame and th ana already a witting it on the lower head land shte di sappearbefore their veryeyes and had no doubt but that anand gon down with it
	layer_6: ruby jame and danna already a witding it on the lower headland saw t disappear before thei vary eyesed and had no doubt but that an had gone down with it
	layer_8: ruby jame and diana already awaitting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their vary eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_10: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_12: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it

file: 700-122868-0020.flac
expected: the minutes passed by each seeming an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_2: e min ot's pasby eis siming lican hour to the infortin nt lily man
	layer_4: the minuts pass by eis siing likan hour to the infortunat lily man
	layer_6: the minutes pass by he seiming like an hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_8: the minutes pass by hes seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilimain
	layer_10: the minutes pass by es seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymain
	layer_12: the minutes pass by es seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymain

file: 700-122868-0021.flac
expected: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_2: wbyt in somemady com worehade the girl's gon
	layer_4: whit in sumebodhy come were had the girl's gon
	layer_6: whyte in somebody come wherehad the girls gone
	layer_8: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_10: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_12: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone

file: 700-122868-0022.flac
expected: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_2: hor mainationd begaindisu jest all manerf crsom possibillity st eher
	layer_4: ho magination begin deis a gest all manor f gusome possibilitys to her
	layer_6: ho magination begin to suggest all manner of grews and possibilities to her
	layer_8: he imagination begin to suggest all manner of gruws amd possibilities to her
	layer_10: her imagination begin to suggest all manner of grouws and possibilities to her
	layer_12: her imagination begin to suggest all manner of grous and possibilities to her

file: 700-122868-0023.flac
expected: anne shirley
	layer_2: anshurly
	layer_4: an sherly
	layer_6: ane srly
	layer_8: anne shirley
	layer_10: anne shirley
	layer_12: anne shirley

file: 700-122868-0024.flac
expected: how on earth did you get there he exclaimed
	layer_2: how n art to guet uppther hinkclambd
	layer_4: hown eartho juit up ther heink sclamed
	layer_6: how an earth a junet up there heinxclaimed
	layer_8: how on earth a junite up there he exclaimed
	layer_10: how on earth ie u net up there he exclaimed
	layer_12: how on earth is u net up there he exclaimed

file: 700-122868-0025.flac
expected: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_2: it a certaily extrnmly divicut to be dignefind and or the sircomanes
	layer_4: it was certainly extrenly difficult to be dignifind under the circumsances
	layer_6: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifind under the circumstances
	layer_8: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_10: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_12: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances

file: 700-122868-0026.flac
expected: what has happened anne
	layer_2: wha i's happindan
	layer_4: what has happene d an
	layer_6: what is happened an
	layer_8: what has happened anne
	layer_10: what has happened anne
	layer_12: what has happened anne

file: 700-122868-0027.flac
expected: asked gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_2: at'sgollert taking uposors
	layer_4: as'sgoler taking up osors
	layer_6: at'sgilbert taking up his ors
	layer_8: atskd gilbert taking up his ours
	layer_10: asked gilbert taking up his ors
	layer_12: asked gilbert taking up his oars

file: 700-122868-0028.flac
expected: we were playing elaine explained anne frigidly without even looking at her rescuer and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the flat
	layer_2: mwe era paying in lame exxplained and fortetlhy without even loking at her brescuo and i had to drifts down to came oa in the barge aning the fait
	layer_4: we were playing in lan explained and frguly without even looking at her bruscuro and i had to drift down to camlot an the barge aning the fght
	layer_6: we were playing inlan explained annd frdily without even looking at her bruscuro and i had to drift down to camlat in the barge anming the fogt
	layer_8: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her bruscuuro and i had to drift down to kcamlot in the barge imeang the foght
	layer_10: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her brusquuro and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge i mean the fot
	layer_12: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her brusquro and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge i mean the fot

file: 700-122868-0029.flac
expected: for a moment anne hesitated
	layer_2: forommoman an hesit hatim
	layer_4: for a moman and hesitate him
	layer_6: for a moment an hesitat him
	layer_8: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_10: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_12: for a moment anne hesitate him

file: 700-122868-0030.flac
expected: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_2: her hart gaeve a quik cura little be
	layer_4: her heart gave a quick queer little be
	layer_6: her heart gave a quick queer little bea
	layer_8: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_10: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_12: her heart gave a quick queer little beat

file: 700-122868-0031.flac
expected: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_2: her resent men whichs to other n lder peoble might bes laf avoas its cus was a now wat alayd nd soffen by time semnly
	layer_4: her resent men which to other an alder people might bes laugf able as its cause was a no wit alade and sotened by time seemingly
	layer_6: her resentment which to other an older people might be slaughable as its cause was a no wit alayd and sotened by time seemingly
	layer_8: her resentment which to other an older people might be slauhable as its cause was a no wit allayd and softened by time seemingly
	layer_10: her resentment which to otheran older people might be slaughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_12: her resentment which to otherin older people might be slaughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly

file: 700-122868-0032.flac
expected: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_2: no she said caldig i shall nevermye friend with thewu gibert blife and idon' on to be
	layer_4: no she said calding i shall never me friends with you gilbert blife and i don't wan to be
	layer_6: no she said colldlig i shall never mbe friends with you gilbert blife and i don't want to be
	layer_8: no she said coldlyg i shall never be friends with you gilbert lfhe and i don't want to be
	layer_10: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_12: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be

file: 700-122868-0033.flac
expected: all right
	layer_2: ari
	layer_4: olrai
	layer_6: al raigt
	layer_8: all right
	layer_10: all right
	layer_12: all right

file: 700-122868-0034.flac
expected: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_2: inl never ask u to befrensagain an sharly and i on't carether
	layer_4: i'lnever ask yu to be frens again an charly nd i don't carer either
	layer_6: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirely and i don't care either
	layer_8: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_10: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_12: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either

file: 700-122868-0035.flac
expected: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_2: of quourset he had and sulded hred tarbly but stl
	layer_4: of courset he had and sulted herd teribly but stell
	layer_6: of courst he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_8: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_10: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_12: of course he had insulted her terribly but still

file: 700-122868-0036.flac
expected: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into a scrape
	layer_2: ieverything d yow gets me or my tereoas frinsintesca
	layer_4: iverything id you gets me or my teras friends into scape
	layer_6: everything i d you gets me or my tearas friends into escrape
	layer_8: everything i doou get me or my tearest friends into escrape
	layer_10: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_12: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape

file: 700-122868-0037.flac
expected: anne's presentiment proved more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do
	layer_2: ans perecentiment prewove morchruswrothy then precentimense aur ap to da
	layer_4: ands perocentiment prow fe more trus worthy then percentimens are ap to dar
	layer_6: ane's pere sentiment proof more trest worthy than pr sentiments are ap toder
	layer_8: ann's pr sentiment prove more trustworthy than pr sentiments are apt to der
	layer_10: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than pre sentiments are apt to der
	layer_12: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to der

file: 700-122868-0038.flac
expected: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_2: bll you ever havany sence an grom mor ala
	layer_4: bll you ever havany sense an gromrela
	layer_6: will you ever have any sense ane gro marila
	layer_8: will you ever have any sense anne grone marilla
	layer_10: will you ever have any sense anne grown marilla
	layer_12: will you ever have any sense anne grone marilla

file: 700-122868-0039.flac
expected: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_2: i don' sy how said mirla
	layer_4: i don't say how said mirila
	layer_6: i don't se how said marilla
	layer_8: i don't seey how said marilla
	layer_10: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_12: i don't see how said marilla

file: 700-122868-0040.flac
expected: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_2: ever simse i came t gringables iveen maging mas staks and eic e stage hesep to car mie of some great short coming
	layer_4: eversomes i came togrein gables i'vebeen maging ti staks and each oe stake haselp to curme of some great short coming
	layer_6: ever sinse i came to green gables i'vebeen maging mistakes an each mhstake ha elpd to cure me of srome great short coming
	layer_8: ever since i came to greengables i'vebeen making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_10: ever since i came to greengables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_12: ever since i came to greengables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming

file: 700-122867-0000.flac
expected: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_2: benate invexation thof spet
	layer_4: banity invexation thof spr
	layer_6: banity in vexation of sprin
	layer_8: vanity and vexation of sprit
	layer_10: vanity and vexation of sprit
	layer_12: vanity and vexation of sperit

file: 700-122867-0001.flac
expected: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_2: the sping was abrout on the land and meralass soper mintal lace step was litter ands pfifter becas if it steep primol gladnes
	layer_4: the spring was a brout in the land and meriles sober middlelage step was lighter and swifter because of itsteep primol gladness
	layer_6: the spring was a broat in the land and marlas sober middledage step was ligher and swifter because of its teep primal gladness
	layer_8: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middleaged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_10: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_12: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness

file: 700-122867-0002.flac
expected: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_2: i mes say withou her foughts i neverfaund her disuppedion or un trust wored tley before and ad reall saried o finer son now
	layer_4: ia mut say withaul her faughts i never found her disappedian or untrust wored they before and im real srye o finder so now
	layer_6: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disappedient or untrustwordthy before and i'm real sorry to find er so now
	layer_8: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disoppedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_10: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_12: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now

file: 700-122867-0003.flac
expected: perhaps you're judging her too hasty marilla
	layer_2: perhapsheregoed in her two hastilying horilla
	layer_4: perhapsere jougin her two hastileanm merila
	layer_6: perhapsher jugin her too hastilie marilla
	layer_8: perhaps shoe'r judgein her too hastily marilla
	layer_10: perhaps she're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_12: perhaps she're judging her too hastily marilla

file: 700-122867-0004.flac
expected: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing her up not you
	layer_2: the quorsei kny you take her part methio but i'mbring yor utp not yu
	layer_4: tof qurse i knew you take her part mathyou but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_6: of course i knew you take her part mathe but i'm bring yoeurup not you
	layer_8: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i'm bring your op not you
	layer_10: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i'm bring yeurup not you
	layer_12: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i'm bringng yeurup not you

file: 700-122867-0005.flac
expected: demanded marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_2: dor mendedn murale anxto sley going everto the bab
	layer_4: dimendin rerllar anxesly going overto the bad
	layer_6: demendin merilla anxasley going over to the bad
	layer_8: demended marilla anxosly going over to the bad
	layer_10: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_12: demended marilla anxously going over to the bad

file: 700-122867-0006.flac
expected: anne cowered deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_2: an cowrd deeper in to her pillas as if tdeirus of hiting herself rever from mortal iyes no
	layer_4: and cowar deepher into her pillas as if desirous of highding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_6: andcowar deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_8: anne cowared deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_10: anne cowered deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself for ever from mortal eyes no
	layer_12: anne cowered deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself for ever from mortal eyes no

file: 700-122867-0007.flac
expected: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_2: get rit u fhis minte in tomme
	layer_4: get ride a phisemite in tell me
	layer_6: get rite up fhismittet in tel me
	layer_8: get righte up this minute and tell me
	layer_10: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_12: get rihte up this minute and tell me

file: 700-122867-0008.flac
expected: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_2: this minit i say than no what is it
	layer_4: this minut i say tha no what as it
	layer_6: this minute i say there no what is it
	layer_8: this minute i say there not what is it
	layer_10: this minute i say there not what is it
	layer_12: this minute i say there not what is it

file: 700-122867-0009.flac
expected: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_2: and hade slad to the for indesparing abediens
	layer_4: and had slid to the for in de sparing obedianse
	layer_6: and had slid to the floor in despairing obediens
	layer_8: and had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_10: and had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_12: and had slid to the floor in despairing obedience

file: 700-122867-0010.flac
expected: yes it's green moaned anne
	layer_2: yes its grm modan
	layer_4: yes its greeen moned an
	layer_6: yes it's green moned an
	layer_8: yes it's green moned ane
	layer_10: yes it's green moned an
	layer_12: yes it's green moned ann

file: 700-122867-0011.flac
expected: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_2: i fhout nogthing con bios bad his read hair
	layer_4: i fhouhti nogthing con be as bat as red a hair
	layer_6: i thought nothing can be as bod as red a hair
	layer_8: i thought nothing can be as bad as red hair
	layer_10: i thought nothing con be as bad as red a hair
	layer_12: i thought nothing col be as bad as red a hair

file: 700-122867-0012.flac
expected: you haven't got into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_2: yo oven got nintonhy scrit for eveor to mant and i was sernother one wastare
	layer_4: y oven got n intuny scrat for ever to mont and i was sure nother one wasdar
	layer_6: yu aven' goten int ny scrat for over two mond and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_8: youhaven't gotten into any scrape for ever two monhs and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_10: you aven't gotten into any scrape for ever two months and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_12: youhaven't gotten into any scrape for ever two months and i was sure another one was dear

file: 700-122867-0013.flac
expected: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_2: nothen what to youd dishear har
	layer_4: nowthen what ta you du e your har
	layer_6: now then what did you do to your har
	layer_8: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_10: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_12: now then what did you do to your hair

file: 700-122867-0014.flac
expected: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_2: and shrly tin ing yo know it was  wickad thing to d
	layer_4: an surly didn'nt you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_6: and surly didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_8: aned shirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_10: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_12: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do

file: 700-122867-0015.flac
expected: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_2: yes ci kne was a little wick in ad mined an
	layer_4: yes i knewt was a little wicken ad midted an
	layer_6: yes i knew it was a little wicked amided ane
	layer_8: yes i knew it was a little wicked amited anne
	layer_10: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_12: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne

file: 700-122867-0016.flac
expected: i know what it feels like to have your word doubted
	layer_2: i know t i fiels ike to have hyur wornd dat in
	layer_4: i know it if feels ike to have youre wor ad dat en
	layer_6: i know at it feels like to have your worddaten
	layer_8: i know what it feels like to have your words at ed
	layer_10: i know what it feels like to have your words at it
	layer_12: i know what it feels like to have your words at it

file: 700-122867-0017.flac
expected: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_2: a missus alan says we should neversuspec any ond of not teling as the truth and lus we have profart ther not
	layer_4: a missus alen says we should never suspect any oned of not telling ust the trut undless be have pruofhat their not
	layer_6: and missus alan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have prof that their not
	layer_8: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_10: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that thy're not
	layer_12: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not

file: 700-122867-0018.flac
expected: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_2: buti hadend then and i belemed every word he said implicitly
	layer_4: but i haddend then and i believed every word he said implicitely
	layer_6: but i hadn' then and i believed every word he said implicitely
	layer_8: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_10: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_12: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly

file: 700-122867-0019.flac
expected: who said who are you talking about
	layer_2: ho sain hor you tudin aboun
	layer_4: who san hor you tigking aboun
	layer_6: who san her you talking abount
	layer_8: housan hoae you talking about
	layer_10: hosan who are you talking about
	layer_12: husan who are you talking about

file: 700-122867-0020.flac
expected: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_2: oh ient l leterm an the hous
	layer_4: oh i didnt let him in the house
	layer_6: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_8: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_10: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_12: oh i didn't let him in the house

file: 700-122867-0021.flac
expected: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_2: ind a tchrise i sown iself ith beautifor rav and black haire an the timtation mas ir isistibln
	layer_4: in a trise i sown miself with beautifoure rave en black hair and the timptation mis arisistibl
	layer_6: in a trice i sawn myself with beautiful rav and black hair and the timptation mas irresistible
	layer_8: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_10: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_12: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible

file: 700-122867-0022.flac
expected: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_2: omor rele want a tangld we we weve en firess wee practes tuto seee
	layer_4: oer rela whet at tangled we we weve when fires we practis to to ce
	layer_6: orilla what a tangled wheb we weve when firist we practice to teseiv
	layer_8: oh arilla what a tangled web we wave when fist we practice to deceiv
	layer_10: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when fist we practice to deceive
	layer_12: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive

file: 700-122867-0023.flac
expected: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_2: youher moust becut off there as no r ther want he kank o iut withat likton ligkt tha
	layer_4: you her moust becut off there is now r the wan you kank ho out with at lioking ligke tat
	layer_6: you her mus be cut off there is no other way you can' go out with a looking like that
	layer_8: youhear must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_10: ehr must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_12: yeuhre must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that

file: 700-122867-0024.flac
expected: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_2: with a dis mal sie shement for the cuserst
	layer_4: with a dismul sige she went for the ciserss
	layer_6: with a dismal sighe she went for the sisers
	layer_8: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_10: with a dismal sigh she went for the scisors
	layer_12: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors

file: 700-122867-0025.flac
expected: but there is nothing comforting in having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_2: but ther wis nothin come forting and having yer hercud offe becus yo've didt ed at droudful color is the
	layer_4: but there was nothing comefrting and having your hair coud off becuse yo'e dihted a drudful color is the
	layer_6: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cout off because you've dieded a dreuadful collour is the
	layer_8: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dieded a dreadful collour is there
	layer_10: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful color is there
	layer_12: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful collour is there

file: 700-122867-0026.flac
expected: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_2: and wene to rep alld the time yue coutting it ough if it on in ei fer
	layer_4: i'm wen to wreep all the time yor cutting it off if it one int er fear
	layer_6: i'm gent to weep all the time your cutting it off if it wone interfear
	layer_8: i'm going to weep all the time your cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_10: i'm going to weep all the time yu're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_12: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere

file: 700-122867-0027.flac
expected: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_2: is seeme sa to thragetc thing
	layer_4: it seeme that to cradic thing
	layer_6: it seemed u a tratic thing
	layer_8: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_10: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_12: it seems such a tragic thing

file: 700-122867-0028.flac
expected: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_2: and we then bu lather one hen she wen up stars an lookst in the glas she was colme minto spa
	layer_4: and wep then but lather on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm mat o span
	layer_6: ane wept then but lat er on wen she went up stairs and looked in the glass she was calm int to sparn
	layer_8: anne wept then but lad her on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calmwit o spar
	layer_10: anne wept then but later on when she went up stairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despar
	layer_12: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair

file: 700-122867-0029.flac
expected: yes i will too
	layer_2: yes i wil t ou
	layer_4: yes i well to
	layer_6: yes i will too
	layer_8: yes i will too
	layer_10: yes i will to
	layer_12: yes i will too

file: 700-122867-0030.flac
expected: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_2: a d ive ry thougt iewas a van abut my haire of althings but nowi nowy was ind spyt iv its being ran because of a sil long and hfickon curliy
	layer_4: i never thught i was a vain about my hair of allthings but now i now i was and spite of it sbeing read because if a so long and tfhickend curlyn
	layer_6: i never thought i was a vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because if as so long and thick and curly
	layer_8: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_10: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_12: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly

file: 700-122867-0031.flac
expected: i expect something will happen to my nose next
	layer_2: expexome thing hawm weharppento i nais nexst
	layer_4: e expecs omething howm were hupp end to my no ous nexd
	layer_6: i expect something how wil happen to my nows next
	layer_8: i expect something how will happen to my nose next
	layer_10: i expect something how will happen to my nose next
	layer_12: i expect something how will happen to my nose next

file: 700-122867-0032.flac
expected: anne's clipped head made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josie pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_2: ans clet tad matis insationan scoln the following menday but o her rlif nobit yges the ril resanfornt not even justy piht who however did not faild toon form an that he look like a perfec scarcr
	layer_4: an's clep tead made isinsation and school  the following menday but to her relef nobed y guesst the real resand for en not eaven justy pi who however did not failed to nform an that she lookd like a perfect scarco
	layer_6: anne's clip ted made a sensation in school in the following menday but to her relief nobody guess the real reason for in not even josty pie who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_8: anes cliped tead made a sensation in school on the following menday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for imt not even josty pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_10: anne's clipped tead made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josiy pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_12: anne's clipped tead made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josiy pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow

file: 700-122867-0033.flac
expected: it's hard to be told you look like a scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_2: it' hard to be toldyou tho klike a scarfh kescarrho and i one ento sae thenthing back but id deid it
	layer_4: it's hard to be told you lhooklike a scareth kit scarecrow and i one ind to sace an thing back but i did it
	layer_6: it's hard to be told you look like a scarethnkipk scarecrow and i wantento sase them thing back but i did it
	layer_8: it's hard to be told you look like a scarth kick scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_10: it's hard to be told you looke like a scareh kick scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_12: it's hard to be told you look like a scareth kick scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't

file: 700-122867-0034.flac
expected: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_2: ad makx shoe fyuel very vr uus won y forgive peoplen thusna
	layer_4: amae he feell very virtuous wen you forgive people dosanit
	layer_6: id makes syou feel very virtuous hen you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_8: i makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_10: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_12: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it

file: 700-122867-0035.flac
expected: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_2: i manted evou all my inarges to peeing god after this and i sha never tried to be peautiful agin
	layer_4: i meante devolt all my inerges to bing good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_6: i mean to devote all my inergies to beeng god after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_8: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_10: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_12: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again

file: 700-122867-0036.flac
expected: of course it's better to be good
	layer_2: tef cors it's petterd to be get
	layer_4: of cors it's betterd to be gout
	layer_6: of course it's better to be goot
	layer_8: of course it's better to be good
	layer_10: of course it's better to be good
	layer_12: of course it's better to be good

file: 700-122867-0037.flac
expected: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_2: i don realy won to be god norla theak ou and missus alhme a misstaty and grup to be a creitto you
	layer_4: i do' really wan to be gooden morila the you and missus alim a miss daty and grup to be acretit to you
	layer_6: i do really want to be good n mrilla thake you and missus allim and miss dasty and gr up to be a credit to you
	layer_8: i do really want to be good marilla tlhake you and missus allam and miss dacy and grw up to be accredit to you
	layer_10: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_12: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you

file: 700-122867-0038.flac
expected: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_2: din asays when my hearebe can stogrow to tigha black avelvthat ribn aroun my had wot the bot one sit
	layer_4: dianasays when my hear be gan stogrow to tia black avelthat ribben around my head with ha bo t one site
	layer_6: dina says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvat ribbin around my head with a bow at one sidt
	layer_8: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_10: dyana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_12: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side

file: 700-122867-0039.flac
expected: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_2: i'vewll colit as snewd that soun so wermantic
	layer_4: i wil colet u sned that sound so eremantic
	layer_6: i will call it a snewed that sound so remantic
	layer_8: i will call it a snoewd that sounds so romantic
	layer_10: i will call it a snoeed that sounds so romantic
	layer_12: i will call it a sneed that sounds so romantic

file: 700-122867-0040.flac
expected: my head is better now
	layer_2: my had is better no
	layer_4: my had s better now
	layer_6: my hed as better now
	layer_8: my head is better now
	layer_10: my head is better now
	layer_12: my head is better now

file: 700-122867-0041.flac
expected: it was terrible bad this afternoon though
	layer_2: s tearblebathesafternun the
	layer_4: is tarible by the safternen tho
	layer_6: it ws terrible by thi s afternoon thouh
	layer_8: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_10: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_12: it was terrible by this afternoon though

file: 700-122866-0000.flac
expected: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_2: jun yher avenlie founded hard i settle downd to hume jrumengistanseagaing
	layer_4: jun your eaven ly foundit hard de settle downd to hum druming sistance again
	layer_6: junor avenli found it hard to settle down to hum drumming sistance again
	layer_8: junior avonleve found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_10: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_12: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again

file: 700-122866-0001.flac
expected: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_2: perhaps after whil oge us to id but inm afrad conterd spoil people fr everdi life
	layer_4: perhaps after wile algat yuse to it but im afraid conswered spoil people for everyda life
	layer_6: perhaps after while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concered spoil people for every day life
	layer_8: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday life
	layer_10: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday life
	layer_12: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday life

file: 700-122866-0002.flac
expected: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_2: asappose at his wim erilla disappuse of them
	layer_4: as sappose hat his wime rrilla disappruse of them
	layer_6: i suppose hat his wim arilla disapprufse of them
	layer_8: i suppose that is why e arilla disapprofes of them
	layer_10: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_12: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them

file: 700-122866-0003.flac
expected: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_2: i feldus nowthat i ma gir up to be soncible yet
	layer_4: i feell jes now that i may grow up to be sinsible yet
	layer_6: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_8: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_10: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_12: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet

file: 700-122866-0004.flac
expected: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_2: i dis lay wakn a mag in the constert over an overiga
	layer_4: i tis lay awake in amagin the consert over an over igan
	layer_6: i jislay awake in imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_8: i justlay awake and imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_10: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_12: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again

file: 700-122866-0005.flac
expected: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_2: iventialy hivrom avenly s couseliped backonto ats al grve and toocupits ald intrests
	layer_4: eventialy hiverem avenly scourseliped back en to its al grov and took up its old interests
	layer_6: eventually hiever avenly score slipped back into its olld groov and took up its old interests
	layer_8: eventually however avonley score slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_10: eventually however avonlea score slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_12: eventually however avonlea score slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests

file: 700-122866-0006.flac
expected: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the program and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_2: nan to the slones wit have ane deailings wot the bows becas the bals had teclared that the slons had to muched to do in the progran ind the slons hadpretart ed that the beus whe i capable afdoing tho litdald they had to do propredly
	layer_4: neno the slones wuld have any dealings with the bows because the bals had declare that the slones had two much to do in the progroawm and the slones had pretoarted that the beus whe nit capable of doing the littled they had to do properly
	layer_6: noneo ther slones would have any dealings with the bowhs because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the progran and the slones had retorted that the bels were not capable ofdoing the little they had to do properly
	layer_8: none o the slones would have any dealings with the belhs because the bels had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programe and the slones had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_10: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the behs because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_12: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the belhs because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly

file: 700-122866-0007.flac
expected: the winter weeks slipped by
	layer_2: the wenter weaklit bi
	layer_4: the winter wek slip bym
	layer_6: the winter week slip bi
	layer_8: the winter week sliped by
	layer_10: the winter week slipp by
	layer_12: the winter week slippd by

file: 700-122866-0008.flac
expected: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all their chatter for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_2: on ans breth day they wer triping lightely dannit keping ees an ears a lert ad mit all the chatam prmistaty had told them th they ma soon read a compositionon a wenters walk in the woods and at be wove them to be oabserment
	layer_4: onand's burath day they were triping lightely dannit keeping eyes and ears a lert a mid all the chadem fr mistaty had told them ha they mut soon red a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it be whoved them to be obsermant
	layer_6: on anne's birth day they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amit all the chatem for mistasy had told them that they must soon rad a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observent
	layer_8: on ann's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatem for miss stacy had told them that they must soon rite a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant
	layer_10: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatarm for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant
	layer_12: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattem for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant

file: 700-122866-0009.flac
expected: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_2: i con scarcly realisat m in myg tans
	layer_4: i conscarcely realize hat im in my tens
	layer_6: i can scarcely realiz that i min my teens
	layer_8: i can scarcely realize tht i'm in my teens
	layer_10: i can scarcely realize tht i'm in my teens
	layer_12: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens

file: 700-122866-0010.flac
expected: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_2: it he create comefrto thing fut o be able ts big words then withoutping lagta
	layer_4: its ha creat comfort to think that oll be able ts big words then without being laughdta
	layer_6: it's a great comfort to think that i'l be able to us big words then without being laughedat
	layer_8: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_10: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_12: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at

file: 700-122866-0011.flac
expected: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beaus said anne disdainfully
	layer_2: heo be gielustinks o nothing but bes said and distame frlyng
	layer_4: r be guillas thinks of nothing but bos said anderstame fuling
	layer_6: rubegille thinks af nothing but bos said anderstamfulling
	layer_8: ruby gillas thinks of nothing but bou said andasdanfully
	layer_10: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but bos said an disdainfully
	layer_12: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but bos said an disdainfully

file: 700-122866-0012.flac
expected: she's actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_2: shes actuily de lighted when ini won rights hername upin at take nordis for all she pretense to be si mane
	layer_4: she's actuly delighted woern inin wone rights her name up ien atake notice for all she pretens to be sa man
	layer_6: she'is actually delighted wherenny hone rihtes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so man
	layer_8: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so man
	layer_10: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_12: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad

file: 700-122866-0013.flac
expected: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_2: an tineg to be as muchlike missusalin as i poiby cain forithingk shes perfect
	layer_4: 'm ting to be as much like missus alin as i posibly can for i thing she's perfect
	layer_6: i'm tryng to be as much like missus alan as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_8: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think sheis perfect
	layer_10: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she 's perfect
	layer_12: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect

file: 700-122866-0014.flac
expected: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_2: if i had ales bells criokets nows said aned the sudedly i would int but there
	layer_4: if i had alas bell's crookts knows said and the sutedly i would ent but there
	layer_6: if i had allice bell's crookts nose said ane decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_8: if i had alice bell's crook's nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_10: if i had alice belle's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_12: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there

file: 700-122866-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_2: ad refragtethink te med to but myin knas ave re sonce i herd that complamint about it long a go
	layer_4: i'd efrehtiy think to mu hto bout my nows efe re cence i heard that complimen about it long a go
	layer_6: i' afrigd i think too much about my nose vere since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_8: i'm afrid i think too much about my nose every since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_10: i'm afrid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_12: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago

file: 700-122866-0016.flac
expected: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_2: a da an a thok thas ar brabit
	layer_4: oh daana look thares ar rabbit
	layer_6: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_8: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_10: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_12: oh diana look there's a rabbit

file: 700-122866-0017.flac
expected: they're so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_2: ther so wit n s ti as af theyreroaslepen drening pretty trems
	layer_4: ther so wite in still as if they we a sleep and dreeaming pritty dreams
	layer_6: there so white and still as if they were a sleep ind dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_8: they're so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_10: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_12: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams

file: 700-122866-0018.flac
expected: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_2: i wotat las munda eve ming
	layer_4: i wout at last monda evening
	layer_6: i rod at last monday evening
	layer_8: i wrote at last monday evening
	layer_10: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_12: i wrote it last monday evening

file: 700-122866-0019.flac
expected: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_2: its calt the jhellus rivble or in defth not stoviten
	layer_4: it's caollht the jeluce rivle or in death not deviten
	layer_6: it's caullt the jealous rival or in death not diviten
	layer_8: its callt the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_10: its call it the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_12: its call it the jealous rival or in death not divided

file: 700-122866-0020.flac
expected: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_2: i rettat tim ariller and she shaid it was stuf en nonsends
	layer_4: i redid tomarilla and she said it was stuf ind nonsense
	layer_6: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff ind nonsense
	layer_8: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_10: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_12: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense

file: 700-122866-0021.flac
expected: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_2: it a sad sweet story
	layer_4: it a sad sweet story
	layer_6: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_8: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_10: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_12: it's a sad sweet story

file: 700-122866-0022.flac
expected: cordelia was a regal brunette with a coronet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_2: cordel ier was a regle bern net wit he cornet of meid nighte haire and dusqly fashing is
	layer_4: cordaliae was a regle br net with a cornet of middnight hair and duskly flashing eyse
	layer_6: cordelia was a regal brnet with a cornete of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_8: cordelia was a regal burnett with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_10: cordelia was a regal bunett with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_12: cordelia was a regal bunet with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes

file: 700-122866-0023.flac
expected: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_2: hunost o much more than o ded when youwer only tolf
	layer_4: yu knoste much more than you did when you ere only twale
	layer_6: you know st ow much more than you did when you were only twale
	layer_8: you know sow much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_10: you know sow much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_12: you know sow much more than you did when you were only twelve

file: 700-122866-0024.flac
expected: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_2: they gr inbauty siged by sid antill they versicx teen
	layer_4: they gre in beauty sid by side andtill they ere sic teen
	layer_6: they grew and beautys side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_8: they grew ind beautys side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_10: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_12: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen

file: 700-122866-0025.flac
expected: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_2: i hast reybe guillese afshnuangything abut hom menperepose becxas it thogt she likedly ben ta fhordty onf the subjict having so man y sisters marrit
	layer_4: i askt reby gillus if shenuanything about howm men propose bec aus ie thought she likely bein ta thority on the subject having so mny sister's marriet
	layer_6: i asked reby gillas if she knew anything about how men bropose because i thought she likely been authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_8: i aked raby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she likely bein authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_10: i asked ribi gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely bein authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_12: i asked ribi gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely bein authority on the subject having so many sisters married

file: 700-122866-0026.flac
expected: but she pretended to be geraldine's friend the same as ever
	layer_2: but he prtended to be jarlidians frandthe sam is aver
	layer_4: but she prtended to be jarldience friand the same is ever
	layer_6: but she pretended to be jarlidiance friend the same as ever
	layer_8: but she pretended to be jeldian's friend the same as ever
	layer_10: but she pretended to be jeldiant's friend the same as ever
	layer_12: but she pretended to be jeldiant's friend the same as ever

file: 700-122866-0027.flac
expected: let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_2: let'so yuin me hoave a story club olron and right stoieus frer practies
	layer_4: let's yound me have a story club oloeron and right storieus fre practice
	layer_6: let's you an me have a story club olar on and righte stories for practice
	layer_8: let's you and me have a story club oler on and write stories for practice
	layer_10: let's you and me have a story club ol or own and write stories for practice
	layer_12: let's you and me have a story club ol or own and write stories for practice

file: 700-122866-0028.flac
expected: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_2: you ot to cot vat your magination you kno mistacys say se
	layer_4: you at to cught vit your a mangination you know mistacy say sel
	layer_6: you aght to cut vate your imagination you know mistasy sayd sol
	layer_8: you ought to cutivate your imagination you know mis tasy says so
	layer_10: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss staciy says so
	layer_12: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so

file: 700-122866-0029.flac
expected: only we must take the right way
	layer_2: onlen meu mus ticke the riagt wae
	layer_4: onlyn me must take the right wer
	layer_6: only you must take the rightwar
	layer_8: only weu must take the right way
	layer_10: only we must take the right way
	layer_12: only we must take the right way

file: 700-122866-0030.flac
expected: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_2: this was haw the story clap cimeintanccistance
	layer_4: this was how the story club came into existance
	layer_6: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_8: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_10: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_12: this was how the story club came into existence

file: 700-122866-0031.flac
expected: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opined that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_2: no boyce were a lodinent otheug rebie guls a pind that their admision would makeet mork siding an each mimber head toprtes one story o mee
	layer_4: no boics wer a loud init aethei roube gulus apind that their admission would make it morke siting and each member had tiprtucs one story obeeak
	layer_6: no boys wer allowed in it are thugh ruby gulus apine that their admission would make it more k sciding an each member had to produce one story o beak
	layer_8: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillus af pine that their admission would make it more execiting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_10: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillus a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_12: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week

file: 700-122866-0032.flac
expected: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_2: ea  cgirol asd ter reather story out loudt and then me t halk et over
	layer_4: eac girl hesd to reat her story outloud and then me talk it over
	layer_6: each girl has to read her story outloud and then me talk it over
	layer_8: each girl hast to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_10: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_12: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over

file: 700-122866-0033.flac
expected: mine is rosamond montmorency all the girls do pretty well
	layer_2: mi nas rosamond mont more sery al the grelstye prty bout
	layer_4: minis rosamond mont more sery al the girlst e prety bout
	layer_6: minis rosamond montmorcery allthe girlstye pretty bout
	layer_8: minis rosamand montmorceriy all the girls steo pretty wou
	layer_10: minis rosemond montmorceryi all the girls te pretty wou
	layer_12: minis rosemond mont morceri all the girls tee pretty wew

file: 700-122866-0034.flac
expected: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_2: and sur that must hovele hols an thofh fact
	layer_4: a'm sre that must have a holseonm if tact
	layer_6: i'm sure that must have a holeseome iffect
	layer_8: i 'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_10: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_12: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect

file: 700-122866-0035.flac
expected: the moral is the great thing mister allan says so
	layer_2: the morlwas the great hing mistraland seseo
	layer_4: the morewas the great thing misterelansayso
	layer_6: the more was the great thing mister elan sayd so
	layer_8: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_10: the morl was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_12: the morle was the great thing mister ellen says so

file: 700-122866-0036.flac
expected: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_2: i rad ene a my s torise to hem in missusalline an theyd bothgry that the morl bus exceent
	layer_4: i rad one a my storys to him ind missus alin and they bothegre that the moral wus excelent
	layer_6: i read one of my stories to him in missus alan and they both egre that the moral was excelent
	layer_8: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_10: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_12: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excellent

file: 700-122866-0037.flac
expected: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_2: gen ind rebe almust alays crimen i comto the pa fhetic prts
	layer_4: gen an roby almost alwys cry when i come to the pathetic pars
	layer_6: jenand ruby almost always cryw when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_8: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_10: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_12: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts

file: 700-122866-0038.flac
expected: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_2: miss juss if in bary rout back that she hd never ret anyting so at musing in her life
	layer_4: miss jusof hen bary rote back that she ad never red anything so amusing in her life
	layer_6: miss jessiphin burry broke back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_8: miss jessephine berry wrotke back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_10: miss jesephine berry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_12: miss jesephine berry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life

file: 700-122866-0039.flac
expected: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_2: i'm sure missusalame was neveici to sily forgetful little girl as you a
	layer_4: i'm sure missussalem was nevercsuch a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_6: i 'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_8: i am sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_10: i'm sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_12: i'm sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are

file: 700-122866-0040.flac
expected: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_2: i felt so on curge fen ly herd that
	layer_4: i felt so incurge wely herd that
	layer_6: i felt so incourage hen ly heard that
	layer_8: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_10: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_12: i felt so encouraged when i heard that

file: 700-122866-0041.flac
expected: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_2: missus lencs has she oys fils shock tw ento hears of any one ever hading beed nody you mutter hou s ma therwer
	layer_4: missus lins as she ois fill shocked owhen to hears of any one ever having beedn notey yu mutter housema ther wer
	layer_6: missus linds says she alys filt shocked whento hears of any one ever having been natty you'r metter housema theye were
	layer_8: missus lynd as she alwys fellt shocked whenthe hears of any one ever having been naughty your motter howse mall they were
	layer_10: missus lynde says she always felt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naughty your motter how small they were
	layer_12: missus lynde says she always felt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naughty your matter how small they were

file: 700-122866-0042.flac
expected: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_2: now i wen' her fel taut way
	layer_4: now i wildn' here fel thout wary
	layer_6: now i wouldn't have felt hat way
	layer_8: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_10: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_12: now i wouldn't have felt that way

file: 6467-94831-0000.flac
expected: peleg snuggers the general utility man of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedarville to which place they had journeyed from ithaca on the regular afternoon boat running up cayuga lake
	layer_2: pelex nacers te gen le lotltig man of the whaol had justprod teboyse op frome sed rvil to itxslace to hard journlid rom y tarker on dte ig leare aftrn in bo runing u cayou ola
	layer_4: pelexs nacus dhe gendle lealady men of the hal had just progd the poys op from chede vl to ih placed ty had jouneed from e tarke on dhe r aglare afte lo in bod ronning uf car yu allic
	layer_6: pelecs nuckers the geneal laklady man of the hole had just broat the boys up from chedervill to wich place they had jouneed from etake on the regler afternoon bod brunning up caugalic
	layer_8: palexs nuckers the general lyladyman of the hal had just brought the boys up from sederville to hitch place they had journeyed from itaka on the reguler afternoon boat running uf kayugalic
	layer_10: pelek nuckers the general lacladig man of the holle had just brought the boys up from chidreville to etch place they had journeyed from itaka on the reglar afternoon boat running up kaugalak
	layer_12: pelek snuckers the general leaclading man of the holle had just brought the boys up from chidrerville to ach place they had journeyed from itaka on the reglar afternoon boat running up cayugalak

file: 6467-94831-0001.flac
expected: with the rovers had come fred garrison larry colby and several others of their old school chums
	layer_2: lhe thet awas hat gome fret gatison lady colbe and severelothers ofted old scouch oms
	layer_4: li ted ovwars had come fret getison lady colve and severalothers of ted ald scolde hums
	layer_6: ick tedovlrs had come fred gaizon lady colvi and several others of ter old schoolghums
	layer_8: lic terovers had come fred gaison laddi covy and several others of the old schoolums
	layer_10: lite dovers had come fred gadison laddy colby and several others of their old school chums
	layer_12: vitte dovers had come fred gadison laddy colby and several others of the old school chums

file: 6467-94831-0002.flac
expected: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_2: ah holwdy di wiss u ston
	layer_4: ol howde  dilm wis te stong
	layer_6: o howdy do mister strong
	layer_8: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_10: oh how do ye do mister strong
	layer_12: oh how do ye do mister strong

file: 6467-94831-0003.flac
expected: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_2: and hed an to mee tho had teeter
	layer_4: and hehad an to mede tho had teate
	layer_6: and he hd an to me the had teicher
	layer_8: and hed an ter met the hartacer
	layer_10: and hed anto met the hepteter
	layer_12: and he anto me the hepteter

file: 6467-94831-0004.flac
expected: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george strong
	layer_2: thel  tommes i hope you have left alldyur transd thehined bsot jot stong
	layer_4: we tomis i hope you have left all your prans behind bso jort stonk
	layer_6: well thomas i hope you have left all your frans behind obsot geort stongk
	layer_8: well thomas i hope you have left alld your franks behind observed geords strong
	layer_10: well thomas i hope you have left all your franks behind observed george stong
	layer_12: well thomas i hope you have left all your franks behind observed george stong

file: 6467-94831-0005.flac
expected: hullo aleck
	layer_2: hololi
	layer_4: holowellec
	layer_6: holoelec
	layer_8: hollow elec
	layer_10: holoelec
	layer_12: holloellec

file: 6467-94831-0006.flac
expected: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_2: ie gan i tein houncs and
	layer_4: ave gain fifteenfoncs and
	layer_6: ave gain fifteen pounds and
	layer_8: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_10: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_12: i've gained fifteen pounds and

file: 6467-94831-0007.flac
expected: yo lemme go sah yo is stickin pins in my hand howled pop
	layer_2: yoll avd me go sa you as stikon tins and my hand hold pop
	layer_4: you'l led me go say you esticken tlinse and my hand hold pop
	layer_6: you'l led me go say you is stick and plince in my hand hold pop
	layer_8: you'll let me go say you' a sticken pince in my hand hold pop
	layer_10: you'll let me go say you' a sticken prince in my hand hold pop
	layer_12: you'll let me go say you' a sticken prince in my hand hold pop

file: 6467-94831-0008.flac
expected: he moaned as tom ran off throwing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_2: he moned a s tol ran off toing o ay seofe bro fpiny tack as he ded so
	layer_4: he mond astom bran off toing of ai e ev re pliny tacks as he did so
	layer_6: he moumed as tom bran off towing a va sevele piny tack as he did so
	layer_8: he maumed as stom ran off towing ava severlal tiny taxks as he did so
	layer_10: he murmed as tom ran off towing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_12: he murmed as tom ran off towing away several tiny tacks as he did so

file: 6467-94831-0009.flac
expected: so you've come back have you
	layer_2: si yoo fcon ba havyou
	layer_4: so you ce back have you
	layer_6: so you've come back have you
	layer_8: so you've come back have you
	layer_10: so you've come back have you
	layer_12: so you've come back have you

file: 6467-94831-0010.flac
expected: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_2: abseured missuscren astom stopt ad the kitt in dor
	layer_4: obsered missuscreen astorm stopped ad the kihin thor
	layer_6: observe missus cgreen a torm stopped at the kithen door
	layer_8: observed missus green as torm stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_10: observed missus greene as tom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_12: observed missus greene as tom stopped at the kitchen door

file: 6467-94831-0011.flac
expected: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_2: as tome and det his fa so
	layer_4: ask tom and thent his fas fel
	layer_6: asked hom and then his fae fell
	layer_8: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_10: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_12: asked tom and then his face fell

file: 6467-94831-0012.flac
expected: oh dear you always did put me down as the worst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against his coat sleeve
	layer_2: ol dure yo ol listit pudt me don as thirs oy in thescho men i i do my baty bhes and almos sobingd tom wur e sace of agansicort sleve
	layer_4: odar you onwhes ted put me down as verst oy in the sco men i i do my bat e best and almost sobbing t om pet tis face of againtecotsleved
	layer_6: o dear ye always de put me down as th virst boy in the school wen i i do my bet y best and almost sobbingd tom put his face of againsta cots leve
	layer_8: oh dear yoe always did put me down as the virst boy in the school when i i do my berry best and almost sobbinged tom put his face off against the coat's leave
	layer_10: oh dear ye always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my verry best and almost sobbing tom put his face off against the coat's leave
	layer_12: oh dear ye always did put me down as the verst boy in the school when i i do my verry best and almost sobbing tom put his face off against the coat's leave

file: 6467-94831-0013.flac
expected: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_2: missuscleein was thaty tenedtor harte and spuit ofhor some wa freet un anand she was all sempate an me dyitly
	layer_4: missuscreen was thate tender hearted in spite offer somewhat freet hung and she was all sempethy in medyetly
	layer_6: missus crean was ver hetender hearted in spite offher somewhat freet hung and she was all sympaty inmediately
	layer_8: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tunge and she was all sympaty immediately
	layer_10: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tonge and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_12: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately

file: 6467-94831-0014.flac
expected: there there tom i didn't mean to hurt your feelings she said soothingly
	layer_2: de the s harm i en mend to hear yo felings hi sat soingly
	layer_4: dtha ther a's harm i den' mea to her yo feelings hisait sohingly
	layer_6: tare ther's harm i dn't mean to her your feelings he said soutingly
	layer_8: dare thars harm i dn't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_10: der tdas harm i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_12: der dhars harm i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly

file: 6467-94831-0015.flac
expected: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_2: i i d a know sup tom
	layer_4: i i d a known sop tom
	layer_6: i i dnowt know sobtom
	layer_8: i i non't know sobed tom
	layer_10: i i do know sobbed tom
	layer_12: i i no know sobbed tom

file: 6467-94831-0016.flac
expected: come sit down and have the pie that's a good boy
	layer_2: come sid down and have upi lesa god boy
	layer_4: come sid down and have a py lesagod boy
	layer_6: come si don and have a pye that's a good boy
	layer_8: comes i downe and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_10: come si down and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_12: come si down and have a pie that's a good boy

file: 6467-94831-0017.flac
expected: it's really like home he murmured presently
	layer_2: as scarly li home he moberd presently
	layer_4: a scarly like home he mobered presently
	layer_6: i scarely like home he moubered presently
	layer_8: i scarely ligkt home he murbured presently
	layer_10: i squarely likt home he murmured presently
	layer_12: i squarely likt home he murmured presently

file: 6467-94831-0018.flac
expected: missus green when you die they ought to erect an awfully big monument over your grave
	layer_2: missuscreen ben youw di lhe ap to at ac and offlypbimonoment a weal ya gread
	layer_4: missus green when new dy ley o to adac an offlypbic monoment a will your grave
	layer_6: missus green when nyou die ley oc to adac and ofly bic mornument or will your grave
	layer_8: missus green when you die ley ok to eddac an awfully big monument or will youa grave
	layer_10: missus green when you die lay off to edack an awfully big monument or will your grave
	layer_12: missus green when you die lay off to eddack an awfully big monument or will yeur grave

file: 6467-94831-0019.flac
expected: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_2: hont fas hertrupl tom thansunen
	layer_4: wont foas har trouble tom then sume shin
	layer_6: whant foas he trouble tom then zumption
	layer_8: what as her trouble tom tonsumption
	layer_10: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_12: what was her trouble tom consumption

file: 6467-94831-0020.flac
expected: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_2: and yet wit tit all she quuldin helt whut  like the boy
	layer_4: and yet with it alls sheculden help wmat like the boy
	layer_6: and yet with it alls she could in help wut like the boy
	layer_8: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_10: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_12: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy

file: 6467-94831-0021.flac
expected: an to think the term's just begun
	layer_2: anta theng thestorm sespigain
	layer_4: andto thing the sterme ses bagin
	layer_6: end to think the sterms syus begin
	layer_8: and to think thestermsus begin
	layer_10: and to think the sterm us begin
	layer_12: and to think the sterm us began

file: 6467-94831-0022.flac
expected: and he mopped his brow with his red bandanna handkerchief
	layer_2: and he  o dhespo with hi strigh ban denear handcoacifh
	layer_4: and he op dhisbpo with his spridh ben daner handcatife
	layer_6: and he moped disbo with his stred ben danner handcetif
	layer_8: and he moped his bow with his stred bandanner handkerchief
	layer_10: and he mobbed his bow with his strid bandanna handkerchief
	layer_12: and he mobbed his bow with his trig bandana handkerchief

file: 6467-94831-0023.flac
expected: wot kind of a joke is that master rover
	layer_2: what tine of tolk os at musterd a war
	layer_4: what crin of teok as at mustet al war
	layer_6: what crin of tok irs theat master towar
	layer_8: what cin of joak as that master ove
	layer_10: what kind of joke is that master dower
	layer_12: what kind of joke is that master dover

file: 6467-94831-0024.flac
expected: oh it's no joke you are handsome
	layer_2: oht s nonto je gr han som
	layer_4: ouhts not to jo  ar handsome
	layer_6: oght's not the joe ur handsome
	layer_8: ought's no a joke you'r handsome
	layer_10: oht's not a joke you're handsome
	layer_12: oht's not a joke you're handsome

file: 6467-94831-0025.flac
expected: have you got a camera to be sure here it is
	layer_2: hwveyo got a camiter to be shua ha ido tis
	layer_4: have yi got a camorer to be shur heidatis
	layer_6: have you got a camera to be shore had atis
	layer_8: have you got a camera to be sute he e tis
	layer_10: have you got a camera to be sure heree tis
	layer_12: have you got a camera to be sure here e tis

file: 6467-94831-0026.flac
expected: sam drew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_2: samd do at inly bots from his pockeg
	layer_4: sam do atiny boks from hispocket
	layer_6: sam do a tiny boxs from his pockete
	layer_8: sam du atiny box from his pockege
	layer_10: sam du atiny box from his pocket
	layer_12: sam du atiny box from his pocket

file: 6467-94831-0027.flac
expected: now stand still and i'll take a snap shot
	layer_2: o stan sti and oet hake isnaholp
	layer_4: o stan stil and at hake hesnatiot
	layer_6: no stand still and outake asmnashot
	layer_8: nor stand still and 'ltake a snapsholt
	layer_10: nor stands still and i' take a snapshod
	layer_12: nor stands still and i'l take a snapshold

file: 6467-94831-0028.flac
expected: now stand straight and look happy
	layer_2: no's tan of stat and lo happy
	layer_4: no stan of stat and le happy
	layer_6: no stand of strate and lookd happy
	layer_8: non stand of strait and look happy
	layer_10: non stand up straight and look happy
	layer_12: no stand up straight and lookd happy

file: 6467-94831-0029.flac
expected: cried sam as a crowd collected around
	layer_2: id saem is he col c lctet otond
	layer_4: grit sam is e col clictet ar ond
	layer_6: cried saem is a cau colected arownd
	layer_8: cried sam i s a couw collected arond
	layer_10: cried sam as a cou collected arond
	layer_12: cried sm a's a cout collected around

file: 6467-94831-0030.flac
expected: raise you right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do
	layer_2: athesyout i hand to e abrest tistis al staesmen do
	layer_4: taeys your i hand to earbrest tes is ald staesmaen do
	layer_6: tdais your it hand to eouar breast justis old statesmen do
	layer_8: ti's your ight hand to your breast just as al statesmen do
	layer_10: rers your right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do
	layer_12: there's your right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do

file: 6467-94831-0031.flac
expected: now wait a minute and the picture will be finished
	layer_2: no rad e minit and the i sil befinese
	layer_4: no rat e init and the fits ofil befinese
	layer_6: no grata min ut and the fits of ill be finised
	layer_8: no greater minute and the fits er will be finiced
	layer_10: no greater minute and the fits r will be finished
	layer_12: no greater minute and the fits will be finished

file: 6467-94831-0032.flac
expected: no this is a new patented process
	layer_2: no tius a nouw atinted fosece
	layer_4: no thisis a knew patinted frosses
	layer_6: no thisis a new patented poses
	layer_8: no this is a new paytinted frois
	layer_10: no this is a new patinted fracis
	layer_12: no this is a new patinted fracis

file: 6467-94831-0033.flac
expected: sam drew a square of tin from the box
	layer_2: sam to as gwirt of theten from the boes
	layer_4: sam tew as guard of the ten from the bovs
	layer_6: same duw usguard of the tin from the bovs
	layer_8: sam dew usquare of the tin from the boxs
	layer_10: sam du a quar of the tin from the boxs
	layer_12: sam du a square of the tin from the boxs

file: 6467-94831-0034.flac
expected: i don't see any picture growled snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_2: idon see an yfi tr gon snegers tookting e tofs gwrve blangtly
	layer_4: idon' se in y fitcur gro snoggus looking ato squere gblanly
	layer_6: i don't see ani fiture grown snuggers looking at ta square gblanktly
	layer_8: i don't see any fiture grown snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_10: i don't see any fiture growned snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_12: i don't see any fiture groawned snuggers looking at the square blankly

file: 6467-94831-0035.flac
expected: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_2: s e letefesiet
	layer_4: i selitdefresiet
	layer_6: a se litee fres iet
	layer_8: a'sa little freh yet
	layer_10: at's a little fresh yet
	layer_12: at's a little fresh yet

file: 6467-94831-0036.flac
expected: the boys gathered around set up a shout
	layer_2: who bys gi e a own set u a shog
	layer_4: whet bis ga at aloun set up a shog
	layer_6: whe bys gatderd alound set up a shot
	layer_8: the boys gattered around set up a shot
	layer_10: the boys gathered around set up a shot
	layer_12: the boys gathered around set up a shot

file: 6467-94831-0037.flac
expected: sam rover i'll git square see if i don't
	layer_2: sam loer i git's cr see fi tont
	layer_4: sam ower i gits qur sei ite don't
	layer_6: sam ror il getsquare see f i don't
	layer_8: sam roer i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_10: sam roer i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_12: sam rover i'll get square see if i don't

file: 6467-94831-0038.flac
expected: demanded sam innocently isn't it a good picture
	layer_2: e men t tainisentle as inled uf cood ikhur
	layer_4: we mune taminesently islad of good icsure
	layer_6: re manded am inicently misonlad ofe cood picture
	layer_8: remoanded sam inocently isn't lad of cood picture
	layer_10: demanded sam innocently isn't it of good picture
	layer_12: demanded sam innocently isn't it of good picture

file: 6467-94831-0039.flac
expected: show me off for a donkey
	layer_2: siome afs fele donk
	layer_4: sil me af frly donkey
	layer_6: su me afket flly donqui
	layer_8: so me asked pirli donkey
	layer_10: se me asked pili donkey
	layer_12: se me asked philli donkey

file: 6467-94831-0040.flac
expected: a donkey oh peleg i did nothing of the kind
	layer_2: a don ce os helic id ded nothing o to tind
	layer_4: a dong kee ots helic i did nothing of the find
	layer_6: a donky old heloc i did nothing of the find
	layer_8: a donkey old helack i did nothing of the find
	layer_10: a donkey old helock i did nothing of the find
	layer_12: a donkey old helock i did nothing of the find

file: 6467-94831-0041.flac
expected: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_2: it a donc is heade usay
	layer_4: it ta don kyis head ausay
	layer_6: itadonkey's head asa
	layer_8: it's o donkey's head i say
	layer_10: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_12: it's a donkey's head i say

file: 6467-94831-0042.flac
expected: and i say it's your picture
	layer_2: and i sa syo orpic ter
	layer_4: and i say syourpicter
	layer_6: an i say  your pictur
	layer_8: and i say t youre picture
	layer_10: and i say it's your picture
	layer_12: and i say it's your picture

file: 6467-94831-0043.flac
expected: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it master rover
	layer_2: i gus i kna r dones head wheni seetd hrunse lwe
	layer_4: i  guss i kno donkise head when i seat rus tedower
	layer_6: iguss i know donky's head when i see it ased eover
	layer_8: iguess i know donkey's head when i see it rasked ted over
	layer_10: i guess i know donkey's head when i see it roshed it over
	layer_12: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it rosed tit over

file: 6467-94831-0044.flac
expected: peleg there is some mistake here
	layer_2: halick tet e some h stake hr
	layer_4: halic thee a somthe stake her
	layer_6: heloc thee e sume m stake here
	layer_8: halack there a some mistake here
	layer_10: hallock there re some mistake here
	layer_12: hallock there re some mistake here

file: 6467-94831-0045.flac
expected: oh you can't joke me no more
	layer_2: ol you fine io t men no mort
	layer_4: a you find joke me no mor
	layer_6: oh you find joke me no more
	layer_8: oh you find joke me no more
	layer_10: oh you find joke me no more
	layer_12: oh you find joke me no more

file: 6467-97061-0000.flac
expected: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_2: an nightd bhen bus islevping dteprins had at makt wedem
	layer_4: on night when bost we sleving the princ had a mark begrem
	layer_6: one night whent both wersleeping the frince had a markbl gream
	layer_8: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_10: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_12: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream

file: 6467-97061-0001.flac
expected: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their former precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_2: therar ust ento tetom adit theircrised tou hers and firgeting alldar fom o precossoncs lefte doos open sother the garts au sige hering teclamer anturd and solt opanc
	layer_4: the r ust into the om adit their crise to hers and furgeting all the form of precorsions lefthe doors open so that the garts ouside hering the clamer anterd and sot oprance
	layer_6: they rushed into the room aded their cries to hers and furgeting all their form ef precoutions lefthe doors open so that the guardts outside hearing the clamer ntered and sawteprince
	layer_8: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and furgeting all their form of precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hearing the clamour enterd and saw the prince
	layer_10: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_12: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince

file: 6467-97061-0002.flac
expected: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_2: she is at destrace to her ameily and shall soo se hert huspend inpad on a stake
	layer_4: she is a descrace to her fammily and sheall sooni se her huspent impaild on astake
	layer_6: she is at disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband impaled on a s take
	layer_8: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impealed on astake
	layer_10: she is a disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband impeled on a stake
	layer_12: she is a disgrace to her family and she'll soon see her husband impeled on a stake

file: 6467-97061-0003.flac
expected: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful frown he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the room
	layer_2: den met his for had disirgrd by af fer fe frone hekuntin ued to a beuseaprinc and having tied his hands behin him dace him frometeon
	layer_4: then met his for had is figrd by aferfuil from he continued to apusedte prince and havingtied his hands behind him taked him from the oom
	layer_6: thenment his for had disfigred by afearful from he continued to appuse e prince and having tied his hands behind him tacked him from the room
	layer_8: then wits his forehad disfigured by a fearful from he continued to appuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tagked him from the room
	layer_10: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tagked him from the room
	layer_12: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tagged him from the room

file: 6467-97061-0004.flac
expected: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected rajavahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic jewel given to him in patala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_2: teeded dhus likesome wi reast to y shakng and nitlected nigof a hana wold havesof er gaty hat he noct teamtro tected bye the magi trot giin to him in pot alar and wich he had  om tivd to conceel in his heart
	layer_4: tetid tus like some wil peast rof y shaken and niclectored g f  huna would havesof er greatly had he not peein tretected by the magi wro givento him inpattalla and wich he had com tried to concil in his herd
	layer_6: treaded thus like some wilde weast rotly shaken and neclected rarge of ahano would have sofer greatly hartd he not been trotected by the magic weth given to him in partalla and which he had contribed to concel in his har
	layer_8: treaded thus like some wild beast roughly shaken ad necglected rageif ahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic twilth given to him in partalla and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_10: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected ragivahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic wealth given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_12: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected ragivahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic wealth given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair

file: 6467-97061-0005.flac
expected: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_2: ad fancing therfor with a lag arwme he prepet to beseeach somepork the kaprtolciy
	layer_4: atfoncing their for with a laghe are me he prepath to be seech shempar the capitaeciry
	layer_6: advancing therefore with a large army he propat to be seech chumpa the caprital city
	layer_8: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to beseec champar the capital city
	layer_10: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to beseghe champa the capital city
	layer_12: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city

file: 6467-97061-0006.flac
expected: a terrible battle ensued in which both kings performed prodigies of valour
	layer_2: a terible batlan sd in whits pot kings we formet pradt ges ao aller
	layer_4: and herible battle andsiud in which pot kings were fomet pro e jese of valle
	layer_6: uheaible battle indsuied in which bortkings were formed prodie jis of vello
	layer_8: unherible battle ensued in which bot kings were formed prodges of velor
	layer_10: a herible battle ensued in which bort kings were formed prodigis of velor
	layer_12: a terible battle ensued in which bort kings were formed prodigis of velor

file: 6467-97061-0007.flac
expected: should there be any pity for the violator of the harem
	layer_2: shood dhet be any pity foa the vilate tr al te hadem
	layer_4: shouod theat be any pity for the vyolatr af te hadom
	layer_6: should theurt be any pity for the violatr of the hadam
	layer_8: sould there be any pity for the violator of the hadem
	layer_10: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadam
	layer_12: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadam

file: 6467-97061-0008.flac
expected: if the old king my father now in his dotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_2: afe the old kging may farder now in histiltage was follitono to faver the cromano for the sake offheswirtlestarter you had non of his pumision an ort notk to haf wen infensfpy him
	layer_4: af the old king my fater now in his stotate was fulitionogh to faver the cromina for the sake of his wrtlestorter you had none of hispormision and ougt not to hae een inflen s py him
	layer_6: af the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enoufgh to favour the cryminal for the sake of his worthles staughter you had no need of his formision and ought not to have been inflence by him
	layer_8: if the old king my father now in his stotage was oolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his formision and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_10: if the old king my father now in his totage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_12: if the old king my father now in his totage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him

file: 6467-97061-0009.flac
expected: let that vile seducer be immediately put to death by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_2: lit thatlie s taguserd wein metity purtolet bmy tather an his pat a orl be shele oup and pisen telicom
	layer_4: let thet wie ha gusered we mmedity purtto tet by taghtur and his faremor be shal oup and pryson te i com
	layer_6: let thet wile e duserd we immediately pu to that by tagcer and his faromor be shall up and prison til i come
	layer_8: let that wile e duser be immediately put to that by tortur and his paramor be shut up and prison till i come
	layer_10: let that wile seduser be immediately put to that by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_12: let that wile seduser be immediately put to that by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come

file: 6467-97061-0010.flac
expected: have ready also a fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall mount immediately after the wedding to overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_2: havrerdy also of fers a tiint sut bl ecwoiped which ise a ont mditly ofr the veading who alwuteamay ar me an masch a ganins teany an as a s it out i we make the alli ent camlde life out of tuct crome
	layer_4: have redy also of fers alefento sitibl aquiped mhich i sh a mont immeditely after the velring who alweteak my ar me in mach agannse the enewy and as i sed out a wil make the elifent tampl de life ouet of tat crimil
	layer_6: have ready also of fiarse alephent suitably equippet which i shall wont immediately after the welling who olwertake my ar me in march againinst the eney and as i set out i will make the elepent trample delife out of that crimil
	layer_8: have ready also of fierce elephent suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who owertake my ar me in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that creminl
	layer_10: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_12: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal

file: 6467-97061-0011.flac
expected: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_2: lhi ha stool derd go le arading dath wits snolsened in evitabl hesurly felt his feet free and appbatiful lady af peared befor him
	layer_4: whut hasto therd gom ly arading deat wih nawseemed in evitable he sely felt his feed free and a peaurtiful lady opeared before him
	layer_6: while he stok there calmele aating theath wich now seemed inevitable he seinly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_8: while he stood there calmely avwating death which now seemed inevitable he sudenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_10: while he stood there calmly awating death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_12: while he stood there calmly awating death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him

file: 6467-97061-0012.flac
expected: she humbly bowing down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_2: she hom le bong down said let my laoed paden has sevent fortinjury which she has and gonsious we caus
	layer_4: she humlybong down sai let my lad parden hersservant forth injury which she has and gonciousle cast
	layer_6: she humbly bon down said let my lod parden he servent for the injury which she has undconsciously cased
	layer_8: she humbly bone down sat let my lord pardon hers servant for the injury which she has unconsciously cased
	layer_10: she humbly boned down set let my lord pardon her servant for the injury which she has unconsciously cased
	layer_12: she humbly bone down set let my lord pardon her servant for the injury which she has unconsciously cased

file: 6467-97061-0013.flac
expected: i am an apsaras born from the rays of the moon
	layer_2: iame an ufs bon from ars of temon
	layer_4: i am an abstrs bon from teras of the mon
	layer_6: i am an absis born from the rays of the moon
	layer_8: i am an absilouce borne from the rays of the moon
	layer_10: i am an absolous borne from the rays of the moon
	layer_12: i am an absolous borne from the rays of the moon

file: 6467-97061-0014.flac
expected: one day as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotus flower attacked me
	layer_2: un day as hi we sflin to gde art werting all wi res a son e staking wefort ar lo deslarte cackry
	layer_4: unday as i was s flin to ou the eard warding o wit tres ason aestakin we for ar loto slare tackme
	layer_6: onday as i was flin t gwough the eaird bearting o vitetress a swone istaking me for a lotes ladeo tack me
	layer_8: oneday as i was flingd through the air barting a whiedress a swan mistaking me for ha loters lad attack me
	layer_10: one day as i was flying through the air barning a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lote lad attackd me
	layer_12: one day as i was flying through the air barning a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotesflat attacke me

file: 6467-97061-0015.flac
expected: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_2: in his angar he gurs mesaing ol wecket von for thes efence you at n denm to be chansd in o pese of and congious mettle
	layer_4: in his anger he gurs me saing o wicket won for thes affence you utin denmt to be chainsed into orepeace of an congus mettle
	layer_6: in his anger he carsed me saying o wecked on for this offence you artondem to be changed into opieace of nconsious mettl
	layer_8: in his anger he kurse me saying o wicked wone for this offence you ought ondeme to be changed into a pieace of unconscious metal
	layer_10: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you aret condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_12: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal

file: 6467-97061-0016.flac
expected: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_2: nthe change too plateomeditly and i fole tor te ound tn ant wil sofbar chaine
	layer_4: nhe change too clace meditly and i fel to the ground ton ant wia siachain
	layer_6: the change too place mediately and i fell to the grount turn and wa siverchain
	layer_8: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn ano a silver chain
	layer_10: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_12: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain

file: 6467-97061-0017.flac
expected: on his way he saw the silver fetter descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_2: on his ba he saw the si ler fretl be sendit to te gown tpik tid up ind continewid his figte
	layer_4: on his vay he sawthe sidvler freto bet sendet to the gound pik did up and continuwet his fight
	layer_6: on his vway he saw the cilver frettled desendit to the ground phicked it up and continue et his fight
	layer_8: on his way he saw the silver frettl descend it to the ground picked it up and continuet his fight
	layer_10: on his way he saw the silver frettle descend it to the ground picked it up and continued his fight
	layer_12: on his way he saw the silver frettle descend it to the ground picked it up and continued his flight

file: 6467-97061-0018.flac
expected: the slayer of chandavarma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_2: lieslad of tentiro ad mire hearing tiscae ottf the paos and picktly ounting thaifent who hade downd his tonk who to ceive him laced himeseve behindt fince
	layer_4: leslae of tentrowad mar hering tiscamemort e e palewsand pwicklymounting the aelifent ho heal town his tonk who the seive him laced himself behind th fince
	layer_6: lheslad of tenderoardma hearing this came ouo ther paas and quickly mounting the elephent who hal down his dronk wo deceive him paced himself behind the prince
	layer_8: thes late of cendro ardma hearing this came out of the palac and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his strunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_10: this lat of tendroarmir hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_12: this lat of tendroarmir hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince

file: 6467-97061-0019.flac
expected: great was their mutual astonishment and joy when they recognised each other the prince exclaiming is it possible
	layer_2: gead ostem ra s i e stonner smen d enjo vf an datici nace y chutar the pens exclaming isit olsible
	layer_4: gd for stedrahto la stonsmentd anjyof hand dati cicnagy chodur the fins exlaming is it ossible
	layer_6: gadefurl sein ratalestonisment enjoye and dey re cicnatedyech otlor te fenc exlaiming is it possible
	layer_8: gatful sanrical astonishment enjoy and da recognized each other defense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_10: gradvul sad reichal astonishment enjoy and dy recognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible
	layer_12: gradvol said reical astonishment enjoy and dey recognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible

file: 6467-97061-0020.flac
expected: is it really you my dear friend apaharavarma who have done this deed
	layer_2: is agreally you mydear frien ape hardow utmer who haved on the steed
	layer_4: is a greally you mygh tear frien pa hard owarma who have ton the steed
	layer_6: is it greally you my dear friend up a hard ovarma who have ton the steed
	layer_8: is it really you my dear friend apa hard of erma who have done thi steed
	layer_10: is it really you my dear friend apa heart o erma who have done this deed
	layer_12: is it really you my dear friend apa heart o erma who have done this deed

file: 6467-97061-0021.flac
expected: through these they forced their way employing with good effect the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of chandavarma
	layer_2: twoldese tiffostheird wa and fling with goot ef fact the hat pans lace on the ari ent for te us of tender ad mar
	layer_4: two dhese theifos theirdway and plying with goold arfects he the pensplaced on the eifent for the us of tendrrdmar
	layer_6: two these theyrforsed theird way implying with good affects the veapensplaced on the eephent for the use of cendrvarma
	layer_8: two these the forced their way implying with good effects the veapons placed on the elephant for the use of cendrverma
	layer_10: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the veapons placed on the elephant for the use of cendrverma
	layer_12: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of cendroverma

file: 6467-97061-0022.flac
expected: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_2: whe fot haveeler the had gon fa e heard the nice offattle at at diustance and sau the sodis in fronhthem scatered an ol darutionce
	layer_4: we fort haever the had gon far the heard the noice of pattle at a distance and sow the sol des and frofthem scatered in alld aractins
	layer_6: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of pattle at at dustance and saw the soldiers and fron of them scatered in all daructions
	layer_8: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of pattle at adistance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_10: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_12: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions

file: 6467-97061-0023.flac
expected: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_2: me havejest nol and contered and utly tefeted the eanme so t ak tet as nal ere of anyfor ltit asistance
	layer_4: me have jest now and comtered and utly te feetet the enyme so that tet as nofir of any fur tera sistance
	layer_6: me have just now and comtered and utly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further assistance
	layer_8: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further assistance
	layer_10: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further rassistance
	layer_12: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further assistance

file: 6467-97061-0024.flac
expected: rajavahana agreed to this
	layer_2: ad oie da o har eea to this
	layer_4: ad ie di i her great to this
	layer_6: and i dibi har greek to this
	layer_8: nd i devihargreet to this
	layer_10: and i devie hear grek to this
	layer_12: and i devie hea grek to this

file: 6467-62797-0000.flac
expected: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_2: oto cutiosity he hung one of them onsid his house
	layer_4: ort og curiosity he hun one ouf them onsie his house
	layer_6: ort of curiosity he hung one of them ouside his house
	layer_8: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_10: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_12: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house

file: 6467-62797-0001.flac
expected: in cases of scorpion sting dommara medicine men rub up patent boluses with human milk or juice of the milk hedge plant euphorbia tirucalli and apply them to the parts
	layer_2: in caces of sco beinstingg the mut ametisan men rof up  patin bloses be c uman milk or juse offtemil cethtlent you ford bear ti ocally an af li them to the fats
	layer_4: incases of scot instink the mur amedeisan men rov up paten ploses whe human milk or juse of the mel hath flant you fort pear to ru cale and afli them to the fats
	layer_6: in cases of scort ein sting thu muramedicen men rove up patent plouses with human milk or jse of the milk had fland you fourt pire the ouhcally and afly them to the farts
	layer_8: in cases of scort einstink thoug mara medicen men drove up patent plouses with human milk or juse of the milk hac plant yufor pi throughcali and affly them to the parts
	layer_10: in cases of scortin stink the mora medicine men drob up patent plouses with human milk or juce of the milk hatched plant ufort pir thrughkali and apply them to the parts
	layer_12: in cases of scortwin stink the mora medicine men drob up patent plouses with human milk or juice of the milk hatched plant eufort pirr throughcali and apply them to the parts

file: 6467-62797-0002.flac
expected: when the umbilical cord of a kondh baby sloughs off a spider is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a cocoanut shell mixed with castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navel
	layer_2: then dthe umbellicoll gard alfh u foned bei be se los of aspideet as bind in the fier and its ases ulace in icopen a sho mexst owo castr oil and up lide by means of a follds sethar to the navl
	layer_4: when the umbellical guard of ar forned bebes los off aspidthad as buned in the fir and its ashes upplaced in ecopena shell mex tat caster il and aplied by means of a fouls feather to the navel
	layer_6: when the umvilical gard of a corned pabes lows off aspided as burned in the fire and its ashes ar placed in a copen it shell wexs wat caster il and applied by means of a fouls feather to the neivo
	layer_8: when the unvollical guard of acomed pabes lows off a spiderd as burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coponit shell mixed wat castrer oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navo
	layer_10: when the embolical guard of acurned babies laws off a spider is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copanis shell mixd wit cast er oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather tho the navo
	layer_12: when the embolical guard of acurned babies lows off a spider is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coponis shell mixd with cast ter oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather tog the navo

file: 6467-62797-0003.flac
expected: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settles on the cloth
	layer_2: thithencol the ted mand py his name an egely vat totse somemen saxcitle ondheclot
	layer_4: nhi then call the ded man by his name an eagerly veit tils some en secxcettl on the cloft
	layer_6: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wat tills some insac settle on the clott
	layer_8: they then calle the dead man by his name and eagerly wait tills some insect settle on the cloth
	layer_10: they then call the dead man by his name an eagerly wait tills some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_12: they then call the dead man by his name an eagerly wait tills some insects settle on the cloth

file: 6467-62797-0004.flac
expected: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_2: bledevrsdescrid ass asing oug offes ise
	layer_4: bled was described as onsing out offes eys
	layer_6: bledwas described as ozing out of is eyes
	layer_8: blod wes described as ozing out of is eyes
	layer_10: blood was described as oozing out of its eyes
	layer_12: blood was described as oozing out of its eyes

file: 6467-62797-0005.flac
expected: make the patient suck the milk of the breast of a woman whose baby is more than eighty days old
	layer_2: makg the pasion suc the mlke of deprest arfhrt omen whosebavby is more tan at dase old
	layer_4: mage the pasion suct the milk of depresst offar wroman whose baby is more than agt ds ald
	layer_6: make the pasien suck the milk off depressed ofa woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_8: make the patiente suck the milk off depressed or a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_10: make the patient suck the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_12: make the patient suck the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old

file: 6467-62797-0006.flac
expected: his camp boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resulted from eating one of these animals cooked with some jak fruit
	layer_2: his can boite old him of agash in thixstet wer sid to hae teso th an from eanding an oftes anod gooked vit soejacfruld
	layer_4: his cam poytaled him of acgate in whih teat wars sed to have thesultan from eanding won ougf these anuals gooked wit subjackfrud
	layer_6: his cam boitold him of a aze in which thead was said to have desuten from eanting one of these anials cooked with sob jackfrut
	layer_8: his camp boy told him of a case in which teat was said to have resulteng from eanting one of these animals cooked with sob jack fruit
	layer_10: his camboy told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eating one of these animals cooked with some jack fruit
	layer_12: his campboy told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eating one of these animals cooked with some jack fruit

file: 6467-62797-0007.flac
expected: a few years ago a scare arose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abode in imported german glass bangles which compete with the indigenous industry of the gazula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low in the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the wearer after warning her to get her affairs in order before succumbing
	layer_2: a fou rs ago ascrd bat ews inconetion wit thanensecet withs we sat to havetakanup it's avword im importer jioman las bangls whihs tomplete fit deidegin us industiof nee gasi aband ge makers nen sectles toporter t li lorn deban ole teliors prters when it ol camort andni de bearove afte woding her to gect her afirs in oder wefasacombing
	layer_4: a few years ago as cared atewas in conection with than ensect wich was set to have tacken up it's abard in imporder coman glas pangls which complet fwit deendegiinus n dustyof dee garsil aban gol makers deeansectwas to poded to li lorn the bangl telit wa spurters when it woald come out and nip the bearo after waring her to get her af farse in oter wetfarsacombing
	layer_6: a few yars ago ascared atowas in connection with than ensect which was said to have taken up its abard in importerd chomen glass bangles which complet with deendeginous nd dustry off tee gazla bangl makers deansect was repot ed to li law n the angle ti l it werspurches when it would come out and knipped the beare after warding her to get her affairs in oder weh ar s a cumbing
	layer_8: a few years ago ar scared aras in connection with an ensect which was said to have taken up its abord an importat geman glass pangles which complete with the indigenous ndustry of the gazila bangle makers the ensect was reported to lie law on the bangle till it was purchas when it would come out and knipp the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order with was acumbing
	layer_10: a few years ago are scared arros in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord and important jeman glass bangles which complete with the indigenious industry of the gazzla bangl makers the insect was reported to lie law on the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and knip the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order which wa acumbing
	layer_12: a few years ago are scared arrous in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord and important jeman glass bangles which complete with the indigenious industry of the gasla bangle makers the insect was reported to lie law on the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order which wa sacumbing

file: 6467-56885-0000.flac
expected: his body was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_2: his voty was lonk andslender hard ind a dil his sit ken his a muon eting
	layer_4: his vody was lonk an slender hard an ajile his sight keen his am on ering
	layer_6: his vody was lonk and slinder hard in ajile his sight ken his aim un edring
	layer_8: his body was long and slender hart and egil his sight keen his aim an erring
	layer_10: his body was longk and slender hard and egile his sight keen his aim an erring
	layer_12: his body was lonk and slender hard and egile his sight keen his aim and erring

file: 6467-56885-0001.flac
expected: in the month of agrahayan kanti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nydighi with a few sporting companions
	layer_2: in the montoth au gur hn gin the had gonor shting lear the sm o tnedechy with ah eu sporting compandins
	layer_4: in the montof agrhen canthe had gon or shoting le a thesmomp ofnidey with a few sporting companins
	layer_6: in the month off algrain cante had goneot shooting nea the swomp of nedii with a few sporting companions
	layer_8: in the month of algrahen canti had gone out shooting neart the swamp of nidii with a fu sporting companions
	layer_10: in the month of algrahien candi had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_12: in the month of algarahien candi had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions

file: 6467-56885-0002.flac
expected: one morning as kanti was seated in his boat cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white ducklings clasped to her breast
	layer_2: une moding as thuntdey was sitered in his bort lenin af faori cgon he sad an le stated at aet he tird was s ecry of wy dot looking of he sar ove lase maidincominto the wates age wit do wit dokling sclas to hae purest
	layer_4: un monding ascunty war seterd in his poart claning af favred cun he sal enly stated at what he tart was secry if wi doc looking ufh he saw ovelase malind coming to the wates edge with too whit tocking sclas to he prest
	layer_6: one morning as canty was seatred in his port cleaning a favorid cun he sellinly started at what he thart was the cry if vi doc looking uf he saw a vilae maidin coming to the water's edge with two whi tocklings classed to helr presst
	layer_8: one morning as canty was seated in his port cleaning a favorid gun he sedldenly started at what he thought was the cry of vie dak looking up he saw a villas mailen coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings classh to helr presst
	layer_10: one morning as canty was seated in his boart cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a vie doc looking up he saw a villat' maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings glass to her prest
	layer_12: one morning as canty was seated in his boart cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a vie dack looking up he saw a villat's maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings glass to her prest

file: 6467-56885-0003.flac
expected: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_2: ne gol wut the birds into toe water and wats them ansiousle
	layer_4: the gll put the brds into the watter and was them aniously
	layer_6: the girl put the birds into the water and was the aniously
	layer_8: the girl put the birds into the water and wars them anxiously
	layer_10: the girl put the birds into the water and watced them anxiously
	layer_12: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously

file: 6467-56885-0004.flac
expected: looking round kanti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the ducks
	layer_2: looking eround can te saw one of his men pinding and un lorde con ad te duks
	layer_4: looking round cand the saw oneot his men pinding and unloled gun ad the duxs
	layer_6: looking round canti saw one of his men poinding and unloded cun at the doks
	layer_8: looking round cante saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the doks
	layer_10: looking round granti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_12: looking round granti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks

file: 6467-56885-0005.flac
expected: kanti went on cleaning his gun
	layer_2: can ti en ton tlining his gon
	layer_4: canti en don glining his gon
	layer_6: canty went on claning his gun
	layer_8: kanty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_10: kanty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_12: kanty went on cleaning his gun

file: 6467-56885-0006.flac
expected: after kanti had eaten and drunk the brahmin begged him to introduce himself kanti gave his own name his father's name and the address of his home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall deem myself fortunate
	layer_2: afterkin te had eaten en tronk the bram anbect himto int duse hemself gin ty gave his o n name his fathers name and he ad tes o is home and tensaeid in usal bey if ikcan beovfenhy sa a ser i shal kin messol foutnit
	layer_4: after kanty had eaten antronk the bramind pect him to intc duce himself co tigave his on name his father's name and the a thes of is home and then sad in usuall bay if i can be of eny ser isir i shall keen mysl fotinit
	layer_6: after canty had eaten and trunk the bramin pecked him to intoduce himself can'ty gave his own name his father's name and yet thisufpf is home and then seid in usual bay if i can be of any servic er i shall keen my sel fotinate
	layer_8: after kanty had eaten and trunk the bramind peggked him to introduce himself can'ty give his own name his father's name and yeat this of is home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall gin myself fortunate
	layer_10: after canty had eaten and drunk the brammen begged him to introduce himself can't e give his own name his father's name and yet this of is home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall gin myself fortunate
	layer_12: after canty had eaten and drunk the bramen begged him to introduce himself can'te gave his own name his father's name and yet this of is home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall gan myself fortunate

file: 6467-56885-0007.flac
expected: so saying kanti repeated his salute and went back
	layer_2: so sin con tidy bedert his selu and whet pac
	layer_4: soseing contily petert has selut and went pack
	layer_6: so sing contirly petered his silute and went pack
	layer_8: so seying cantiepetered his salute and went back
	layer_10: so saying cantiripetered his salute and went back
	layer_12: so saying cantiripetered his salute and went back

file: 6467-56885-0008.flac
expected: the brick built mansion of the mazumdars had been borrowed for the wedding ceremony which was fixed for next magh as kanti did not wish to delay
	layer_2: lo prick bod mantion of the m as on tas had bean botod for the barning selmimy thichs war sacet fort next mak as tan didid not fishd to delay
	layer_4: to crict blte mantion of the mosom hars had ben borod for the elning serminy which wars fexd fort next mark as conte dignot fwish to telay
	layer_6: the crick bult mantion of the mosom thars had bean boowd for the velning serminy which was faxed forte next mark as cantly did not fwish to telay
	layer_8: the crick bult mention of the mosumhars had been borrowed for the welling cermony which was fexed for the next mark as cantly did not wish to delay
	layer_10: the crickbilt mention of the mosumas had been borrowed for the welling cermony which was fexed for the next mark as canti did not wish to delay
	layer_12: the crick bilt mention of the mosumvas had been borrowed for the welling cermony which was fexed for the next mark as canti did not wish to delay

file: 6467-56885-0009.flac
expected: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a torchlight procession and the ceremony began
	layer_2: in u nime tobri romat ied on his alefent with dros an musi and with e poart la pircestion and the sediman te begain
	layer_4: indu nime the pri gromorive on his elepfent with droms and music and whith a partslay procession and the sereman y begain
	layer_6: in du time the prike grumarrive on his elepfent with droms and music and with a tarth lay procession in the sirumany began
	layer_8: in due time the prifve groum arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a tarchlay procession ind the ceremony began
	layer_10: in due time the privegroom arrived on his elephant with droms and music and with ha tartla procession and the ceremony began
	layer_12: in due time the privegroom arrived on his elephant with droms and music and with a partsla procession and the ceremony began

file: 6467-56885-0010.flac
expected: in that bashful downcast face crowned with the wedding coronet and bedecked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognise the village maiden of his fancy and in the fulness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_2: n thatd pash fl don guast face could on whet derealing cor a nr and bedhect wut sandle paset he could scarslaricognise the brleat mad n offhisfancy and in theforlners offhrsa motion on must seem to beclowd his icse
	layer_4: in that pash ful down gast face coulr on with derveling cae anar and bedact with sandle pased he could scarely ec ognice tho belta temade noff his fency and inthe fullnans of isamortion omist seemed to be clowld his eyse
	layer_6: in that pashful down gast face cron with the veling coronair and bedect with sandl paced he could scarcely recognice the belae made hen off his fancy and inthe fulinesnse of his amotion a mist seemed to be clowd his eyes
	layer_8: in that pashful downgastd face grownd with the wailing coronair end beecked with sandal pacte he could scarcely recognize the bellage maiden off hits fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_10: in that pashful downghast face crowned with the vailing coronair en bedaked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the bellate maidean of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seeme to be cloud his eyes
	layer_12: in that pashful downghast face crowned with the vailing coronaire endbedeked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the bellate maiden of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seeme to be cloud his eyes

file: 6467-56885-0011.flac
expected: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dim and darkness to tarnish the face of the bride herself
	layer_2: delid ot the law eemd to gor dhem ant darness totanish the face of the pried herself
	layer_4: the lit off the lamp seemed tho co them and tarkness to tanish the face of the prid herself
	layer_6: the light of the lam seemed to crowed them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_8: the light of the lamps seemed to cloaw them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_10: the light of the lamps seemed to cload them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_12: the light of the lamps seemed to cloat them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself

file: 6467-56885-0012.flac
expected: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_2: a firse he fot anglyevrt tes fathern la deold scon grot had shon him one gorl and madyd him doenoder
	layer_4: at first he felt angrlevith this farthern la the old scon ral had shown him bone girl and mardied him doanother
	layer_6: afirst he felt angryvwith his fathern law the old scondrel had shon him one girl and barried him to another
	layer_8: at first he felt angry with his fatheri law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_10: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_12: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another

file: 6467-56885-0013.flac
expected: close upon it followed the girl he had seen before
	layer_2: glewas a pone ollord the grd he ha seene thefor
	layer_4: glowas uponet fallored the gird he had teen befor
	layer_6: clos upon it followed the gird he had seen before
	layer_8: clos upon it followed the gird he had seen before
	layer_10: close upon it followed the gid he had seen before
	layer_12: close upon it followed the gird he had seen before

file: 6467-56885-0014.flac
expected: oh the mad girl cried the women as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_2: ol the mad grl clit t owonman as thy midt sinse to her t o le you tod om
	layer_4: o the mad gul crit tho woman as the ade sins to her to l eu te om
	layer_6: oh the mad girl crite the woman as they mide signs to her to leave ther om
	layer_8: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rom
	layer_10: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_12: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the room

file: 6467-56885-0015.flac
expected: all the women in the room began to titter
	layer_2: ili tle mwenm inthe r ron bgan te tatr
	layer_4: i  ev a meninde roon begant to titer
	layer_6: all ther we men in ther room began to tita
	layer_8: all the wermen in the ron began to titter
	layer_10: all the wermen in the rom began to titter
	layer_12: all the wer men in the rom began to titter

file: 6467-56885-0016.flac
expected: the increasing laughter in the room betokened an amusing joke
	layer_2: de inc lesing lafperv in ti dom betolk and an a musing jok
	layer_4: dhe inleasing lagh per in the dom betokand an o musing jock
	layer_6: the incleasing laughder in the room be takene han amusing jok
	layer_8: the incleasing laughter in the room be talken than amusing jok
	layer_10: the increasing laughter in the room be talkened an amusing joke
	layer_12: the increasing laughter in the room be talkened an amusing joke

file: 6467-56885-0017.flac
expected: with a sigh of intense relief as of escape from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_2: with he ci o in denctlifh as of e scad on telamity he looke on smrn indto the face of hisprit
	layer_4: with the si ef in dencsileaf as of escae on gelamidy he looked monce more into the face of hsprid
	layer_6: with the sig of intense leaf as of escae ron helamedy he looked onecemoren into the face of his bride
	layer_8: with a sigh of intense leaf as of iscate rom alamery he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_10: with a sigh of intense leaf as of escape fom talamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_12: with a sigh of intense leaf as of escape from alamity he looked once more into the face of his bride

file: 3663-172005-0000.flac
expected: the fawn had taken his morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_2: the fon hat taken this mornliyng ml and now ly crld up on t a bedo maos
	layer_4: the fon had taken this morlyng mel and now lay crld up on abed of moss
	layer_6: the fan had takene this moring meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_8: the fawn had taken this mornling meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_10: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_12: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss

file: 3663-172005-0001.flac
expected: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_2: rhen nemver ther fon cotu he was quit con taned to fresk about
	layer_4: renemvern the fon cotap he was quite contand to friesk about
	layer_6: renever the fn cut up he was quite conten to frisk about
	layer_8: whenevern the fn cut up he was quite contentd to frisk about
	layer_10: whenever in the fawn cut up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_12: whenever in the fawn cut up he was quite content to frisk about

file: 3663-172005-0002.flac
expected: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_2: the thenge was serted nol it was neir
	layer_4: the dinge was certed now it was near
	layer_6: the danger was certed now it was near
	layer_8: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_10: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_12: the danger was certain now it was near

file: 3663-172005-0003.flac
expected: the hounds had struck her trail where she turned and the fawn was safe
	layer_2: the hous has truck a tril where she turned and the forn as safh
	layer_4: the houls hadstrucka traill where she turned and the fon was safe
	layer_6: the houds had struck a trail where she turned and the forn was safe
	layer_8: the howls had struck a traill where she turned and the farn was safe
	layer_10: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the fawm was safe
	layer_12: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the fawm was safe

file: 3663-172005-0004.flac
expected: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_2: lne wast ro wing the ad the had a gon in his hand hat shout she' do
	layer_4: one wust rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_6: one wast roing the other had agun in his hand what should she do
	layer_8: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_10: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_12: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do

file: 3663-172005-0005.flac
expected: her tired legs could not propel the tired body rapidly
	layer_2: hoer tiar laks couuldt not propaild the tient vordy retat lyng
	layer_4: her tirt lakes could not propald the tiet vordy repily
	layer_6: her tirt lakes could not propele the tiet vordy repetly
	layer_8: her tiret lakes could not prepal the tiat bordi rapidly
	layer_10: her tirt lakes could not propele the tyant vourdi rapidly
	layer_12: her tirat lakes could not propele the tyant vourdi rapidly

file: 3663-172005-0006.flac
expected: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_2: the go saw the boat naring her
	layer_4: the do saw the boat naring her
	layer_6: the do saw the boat naring her
	layer_8: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_10: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_12: the do saw the boat nearing her

file: 3663-172005-0007.flac
expected: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_2: in the mowit mor the bot was on her and the man at te ors hat ledo ver and cother
	layer_4: in he momet more the boat was on her and the man at the ors had leand over and cught her
	layer_6: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and cught her
	layer_8: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_10: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_12: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her

file: 3663-172528-0000.flac
expected: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctors orders
	layer_2: i was tor mentat my tirse but had apstad from drenking fuor manydayse according to te doftoers aders
	layer_4: i was tor mented by thirs but had epstade from drenking for many d ays according to the dofters olders
	layer_6: i was tormented by thirst but had ebstaned from drinking for many days according to the doctor's oders
	layer_8: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_10: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_12: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders

file: 3663-172528-0001.flac
expected: that old man ceased to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_2: that od men eseto give s much anoions yit semetims he apper to me endrems
	layer_4: that od men sece to give so much anoyiance yat sometimes he apper to me indreams
	layer_6: that old man ses to give so much anoions yet sometimes the appear to me in dreams
	layer_8: that old man ceesd to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_10: that old man ces to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_12: that old man cees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams

file: 3663-172528-0002.flac
expected: felice had given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_2: flle cra even them aoders not to spe to me ofthis
	layer_4: pailech ake even dhem oders not to spe to me of this
	layer_6: fillich i given them orderous not to speat to me of this
	layer_8: pillich i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_10: filich i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_12: filich i given them orders not to speak to me of this

file: 3663-172528-0003.flac
expected: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_2: this mat hat stolend fro mee certain lirl sings of soumim pourtens and in he fe ben betactet she would have  ben very lad iv i hat dit
	layer_4: this mad had stolen from me certaint lirol sings of sm importence and in her fer being ded tacted she would have  been very glad iv i had died
	layer_6: this made had stollen from me certain litrtle shings of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_8: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_10: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_12: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died

file: 3663-172528-0004.flac
expected: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full one i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_2: according ne she arlout mentwice to tick as much es i couod of the warter so the igood eirners i swllowet mor then a flask fol i thin colert my self and begaern to swet and telln to ul dd sit
	layer_4: according ly she a lout meitwise to takes much as i could of the water so ther igood erness i swllowt more then a flask foll i then covert myself and began to swet and felle to a ded sirep
	layer_6: accordingly she allouwt me twise to take as much as i could of the water so thet in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to swet and fell into a debe steep
	layer_8: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_10: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_12: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep

file: 3663-172528-0005.flac
expected: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_2: the se that my poor fre as on the point of folling to tha ground sograveto wr s hee to hearis
	layer_4: the say that my poor fraas on the point of folling to the ground so gratedto was hee to her this
	layer_6: they say that my poor frem was on the point of falling to the ground so griaved was he to hear this
	layer_8: they say that my poor frem was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_10: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_12: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this

file: 3663-172528-0006.flac
expected: afterwards he took an ugly stick and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then
	layer_2: aftewert she tooken aglacstae and begaan to bep te serfving gir with all his mid shaltin out a tratreus you have pkilldim for me then
	layer_4: afterwarts he tookin agleasetath and began to beat te servin gir with all his minht shaulting out ah tratres you have killd im for men then
	layer_6: afterwards he took an a glease date and began to beat the serving girol with all his migt shouting out ah tratrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_8: afterwards he took an uglysstate and began to beat the serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah traitrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_10: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitorous you have killed him for me then
	layer_12: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitorous you have killed him for me then

file: 3663-172528-0007.flac
expected: she may indeed have saved my life so lend me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_2: she man did have saved my life so led mea heling hand for i have swetet and bequinck a boud it
	layer_4: she main did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have swettet and bequick apoud it
	layer_6: she main did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweatted and bequick apout it
	layer_8: she mayin did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_10: she mayndid have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_12: she mayndid have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it

file: 3663-172528-0008.flac
expected: felice recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_2: fil yche recovetispirits drit a mat necomftable and i beenconcies oe gra inprofmen immy setag begen to rectenon recovery
	layer_4: fillecha recovert hi spirats drid and mate nme cofotable and i been concious ofe great improfment i my etate began to recon on recovery
	layer_6: filacha recovered his pirits dried and made me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my stade began to reckon on recovery
	layer_8: vilichare recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_10: filicha recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and ie been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_12: filicha recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery

file: 3663-172528-0009.flac
expected: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_2: cus teid the a the dopcter ber nourdey na putin hisappearans who et the begiring of my iners hadt refesd toblemey
	layer_4: jus thed the othe docter bernardeino put in his apperancs who hat the bigiting of my illners had refused to blepe me
	layer_6: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the bigitnning of my ilners had refused to blead me
	layer_8: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_10: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_12: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me

file: 3663-172528-0010.flac
expected: maestro francesco that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_2: mstro frenchesco that mos eble maine exclad o fowr of thecher
	layer_4: mystro ferenchescos that most able man exclead oh phowr of nhe cure
	layer_6: my estroferon cherscos that most able man exclaed oh power of nature
	layer_8: my estra fronchescowes that most aboe man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_10: mayestra front chescos that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_12: myestra frontchescos that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature

file: 3663-172528-0011.flac
expected: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_2: she nese what shiequiers and the pisicions no notig
	layer_4: she knose what she requiurs and the phisisios no nothing
	layer_6: she knows what she requires and the physicians no nothing
	layer_8: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_10: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_12: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing

file: 3663-172528-0012.flac
expected: that simpleton maestro bernardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_2: thas si botod mystr ber nand ina mat anse sa if hehat drumcunnothe bot he would hav been c u pon the spout
	layer_4: thas sibote my srber nardeno mae unse sane if he had drun can nother batl he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_6: that simboton mysrubernadno made unser sayng if he had drunk another bottele he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_8: that sibuton mesruber nardino made answersaying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_10: that simbuton misrubernd ardino made answerseng if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_12: that simbuton mistrubernd ardino made answersaing if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot

file: 3663-172528-0013.flac
expected: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_2: aftorts heturd to me and asi icould ha druk mor water
	layer_4: after wts he turned to me and as ivi could have drunk more water
	layer_6: afterwards he turned to me and ase ifvi could have drunk more water
	layer_8: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_10: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_12: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water

file: 3663-172528-0014.flac
expected: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_2: i anserid no becusi had antarly quanced my tirst
	layer_4: i answerd no because i had antarely quinced my thirst
	layer_6: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_8: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_10: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_12: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst

file: 3663-172528-0015.flac
expected: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man begged you to bleed him
	layer_2: i lit menner she was askingfulr what she wantet whet the pol yo man ta dou to bled hi
	layer_4: in like mener she was askingfur wat she wantet with the poo yu man tha du to bled hi
	layer_6: in ligke manner she was askin for what she want ed weith the poor youm mean tad dou to blead him
	layer_8: in lighte manner she was asking for what she wanted where the poor young man tea du to bleead him
	layer_10: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man beaed du to bleed him
	layer_12: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man beed du to bleed him

file: 3663-172528-0016.flac
expected: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_2: i vyoeud nea teatis  recovry dopeadet uporn his dreenking to fhlask of hrter why gink you not sa so befor
	layer_4: if you nears tat his recovery depedet upon his drinking two flasks of water why dint you not say so before
	layer_6: if you near that his recoverye depened upon his drinking two flasks of water why dit you not say so before
	layer_8: if you neear that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why di't you not say so before
	layer_10: if you kneear that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_12: if you knear that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why didt you not say so before

file: 3663-172528-0017.flac
expected: you might then have boasted of his cure
	layer_2: you might then have bosid of this cer
	layer_4: you might then have bosed on this cer
	layer_6: you might then have boast id on his cir
	layer_8: you might then have bostet on his ke
	layer_10: you might then have boasted on his ke
	layer_12: you might then have boasted on his kee

file: 3663-172528-0018.flac
expected: at these words the wretched quack sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_2: at this worts the rech i owhit seciy tpatit and mevle sholtis fase age
	layer_4: at this wrs the reche hite so cillydeportit and nevee shoult is face agavde
	layer_6: at this words the retche wuhite socilly departed and never showd his face agaive
	layer_8: at this words the wretched wuhite sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_10: at these words the wretched white sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_12: at these words the wretched white sulkily departed and never showed his face again

file: 3663-172528-0019.flac
expected: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_2: the vereve ning i was akenwith grat precotions inthe chare well ret up and protanct et from the cold
	layer_4: the verevening i was acken with grat precautions in te char well reptup and protected from the cod
	layer_6: the veryevening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well repet up and protected from the cold
	layer_8: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wreped up and protected from the cold
	layer_10: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wreppt up and protected from the cold
	layer_12: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrept up and protected from the cold

file: 3663-172528-0020.flac
expected: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_2: do not p r mitin anei oreulerities forho ha tes kaipt thistin in nolhr dis order now would bethedat of h
	layer_4: do not prmitin aniy i ragularitis forthog heas tiscape this time in nother dis oder now would pe the death of him
	layer_6: do not prmitin andy iregularities for thogh heear escape this time inother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_8: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_10: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_12: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him

file: 3663-172528-0021.flac
expected: then he turned to me and said my benvenuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_2: they tnd to me and seat my bean ven to be prudent commete no exesses and he you ore qit wrecovert a bagu to mat me a ma danow withthyou o hand an i wel always pa my devoche  tot for you sak
	layer_4: thet e tournd to me and said my ben venoto be prudend commet no excesses and we you are quit we covert i bagou to mate me amadano with tyou own hand and i wel always paye my devosies to it for you sake
	layer_6: thent he turnetd to me and said my ban venutol be pruden commet no eccesses and when you are quite recoverd i bag you to make me a madana with your owdn hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_8: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commit no exccesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_10: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_12: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake

file: 3663-172528-0022.flac
expected: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_2: sow i mave my mynd up and preter to trevle
	layer_4: so i made my mynd up and prepart to trevle
	layer_6: so i made my mind up and preparet to trevl
	layer_8: so i made my mind up and preparei to trevel
	layer_10: so i made my mind up and prepare it to trevel
	layer_12: so i made my mind up and prepare it to trevel

file: 3663-172528-0023.flac
expected: that day many friends came to see me among others pier landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_2: that da many frincs kape to semy amon othes piear lode whos the best aderes frind i evler had
	layer_4: that day many frins kap to see mie among oters pere laddy who as the best a dearest frend i eveer had
	layer_6: that day many friends cape to see me among others pere loddi who was the best adearest friend i ever had
	layer_8: that dhay many friends cape to see me among others piere landy who was the best ad deuarest friend i ever had
	layer_10: that day many friends came to see me among others pierr landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_12: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had

file: 3663-172528-0024.flac
expected: next day there came a certain niccolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_2: mex tay they camemaserson neclo thav mon ter ugutoe who as alsa  very great forain af mi
	layer_4: naxt tay they came acersen nikal o tom mon tay aguto who as aso of very great fran of mine
	layer_6: next day the came a sersan nikolo ha monte aguto who was also a very great frien of mine
	layer_8: next day there came a certan nikola da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_10: next day there came a certain nicolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_12: next day there came a certain nicolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine

file: 3663-172528-0025.flac
expected: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_2: i had harbrd heavde in ro and provid et fuor his cossts whill he hat turned my hol house u sak douwn for the manas suebjetto as speshes of dryscae wheichche was always in the hadbit ofes crecin withis ha
	layer_4: i had harbrd hime in rom and providet for his costs while he had turned my hole house upsit down for the man was subject to a spechies of drye sca wheich he was always in the habit of screatching with his han
	layer_6: i had harbered him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsihte down for the man was subject to a species of dry sca which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_8: i had harbeured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a species of dry scae which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_10: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_12: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands

file: 3663-172528-0026.flac
expected: meanwhile that able physician francesco da monte varchi attended to my cure with great skill
	layer_2: menwol that ablre fisition fronchersco the mon teiwarky a tendet to myicel with greatsk
	layer_4: manwile that able fhisition fron che scod the mon teiviarky a tended to my cul with great scel
	layer_6: menwhile that able physician fron chesco tha montevarky attended to my ci with great skill
	layer_8: meanwhile that able physician fronchesco da montervari attended to my ku with great skill
	layer_10: meanwhile that able physician fronchesco de montevarqui attended to myki with great skill
	layer_12: meanwhile that able physician fronchesco de montevarqui attended to myci with great skill

file: 3663-172528-0027.flac
expected: there they seated me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_2: ther the siret me to wae antise duke waes by
	layer_4: there they sidat me to wait untill tha duke wen bye
	layer_6: there they sitet me to waigt until the duke went by
	layer_8: there they sit at me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_10: there they sit at me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_12: there they sit at me to wait until the duke went by

file: 3663-172528-0028.flac
expected: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_2: many of my frins at cor ca up to great me and expresd suprice that i hat unde gon the eincom veniance of beng carit in that wa whill so shatet by lnes thie sat that i orght to ervf wyte tol li was wel and thento ave isidedt the dou
	layer_4: many of my fraendse at cord came up to greeat me and expresed surprise that i had unde gone the incomvenionce of bein carit in that way while so shet od by ilness the said that i ought to have waite to li was well and then to have visitet the du
	layer_6: many of my friends at cord came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconveniance of being carrid in that way while so shetted by illness the sat that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to hav visitet the due
	layer_8: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness the said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_10: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_12: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke

file: 3663-172528-0029.flac
expected: at these words maestro agostino the dukes tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that is all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_2: at this worts my  str ugos tekno t yuxtala met is wae thougwo althos gento men and sed it tets all you won to now you shalfl nowit at this varymo met
	layer_4: at this worts my str agosteno we duke taila mat is waie through allthose gentmen and sad it tha's all you wane to know you shall kno it at this verymom ent
	layer_6: at this words mysroago sdeno the dukes tala mite is way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_8: at this words misreuagostino the duke's taylor mad his waygs through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_10: at these words misragostino the duke's taylor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_12: at these words misro agostino the duke's taylor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment

file: 3663-172528-0030.flac
expected: giorgio the painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and maestro agostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_2: jorjos t ha panter hol my have menthiond hapent gus ten to pass and my surowuglasteno eexclead teris te manl o cuse dyou now you nowyuseltive ipt betre ono
	layer_4: jorgos a painter who my have mensiond happened jesten to pass and myi srow augusteenow exclad teristomanal ac cuse you now you now yoursel ive it be true o not
	layer_6: georgos a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mis truwagostino exclaed vere i s to manwol accused you now you know yoursel if it be true or not
	layer_8: georgios a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mis trouagostino exclaimed there is ta man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_10: georgo's a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass ad mie trough agustino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_12: georgio's a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass ad mie through agustino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not

file: 3663-172528-0031.flac
expected: as fiercely as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked giorgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_2: as us e as i cud not ben able tolef myn et i as jojo irv it was true that he het a cusdt me
	layer_4: as eis de as i could not been eable to lief my eet i asktd jodjo if it was true that he had a cusedto me
	layer_6: as feslye as i could not been able to leavfe my seat i asked jeol jo if it was true that he had accused t me
	layer_8: as fiercily as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geolgjo if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_10: as fiercly as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geolgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_12: as fiercly as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geolgio if it was true that he had accused me

file: 3663-172528-0032.flac
expected: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_2: he tenignt that it was so and that he hat avve said eythin of the sort
	layer_4: he denigne that it was so and that  he had eve said anything of the sord
	layer_6: he denined that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sord
	layer_8: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sord
	layer_10: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_12: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort

file: 3663-172528-0033.flac
expected: maestro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_2: my strew o ta sten ol retourt et you galloes pird
	layer_4: my srow a gusteena retougtet you gallowsbird
	layer_6: my rouwagostina retoted you gallows bird
	layer_8: mytruagustino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_10: mirou agustino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_12: misrou agustino retorted you gallows bird

file: 3663-172528-0034.flac
expected: dont you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_2: don she no theat i no itfur most sirten
	layer_4: don't heu know that i know it for most sertin
	layer_6: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_8: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_10: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_12: don't you know that i know it for most certain

file: 3663-172528-0035.flac
expected: giorgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_2: jor jo mad of as quektlyas he cout wrepeding that he hat not a custme
	layer_4: jor jo made off as quickly as he couldt repeading that he had not accusedme
	layer_6: georjomade off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_8: georgio made of as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_10: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_12: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me

file: 3663-172528-0036.flac
expected: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_2: then asto  shorht wile the duk kae by whereiporni heat my self rase up befol his exelled sey atd he houltic
	layer_4: then after short wile the duk kame by whereuporn i head myself rast up before his excilandsy and he holted
	layer_6: then after a short while the duke came by where upon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_8: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_10: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_12: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted

file: 3663-172528-0037.flac
expected: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my health
	layer_2: the duk dased at me and mavot i wastl alie afteawerts ue bae me tak heed to bean onest man and regag my hels
	layer_4: the duke gasedt at me and mavot i wasteal alife aftewerts hebae me take head to be an honos man and regade my hels
	layer_6: the duke gazed at me and marvot i wal still alife afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my hels
	layer_8: the duke gazed at me and marvoed i wal still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regaine my healls
	layer_10: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regaine my heal
	layer_12: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regaine my healt

file: 3663-172528-0038.flac
expected: when i reached home niccolo da monte aguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leave because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_2: when ni rache thom necollo thuemon ta gwoto kame to visitme an tod me that i had excat one of the mose dreat ful parials in the worl quhit cotrery to all hysexpec tations for he hat sg my ruin retedn with imdelliabo eink now i must make ase to get weil and afterais tick frenclief becaus my japrtdy cabe from a order an a man whowas ableto distroy my
	layer_4: when i reached home neicolowd to mon tay grouto kcame to visitne and tod me that i had excape one of the most drit ful parials it the worow quie cogntrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin ritten with indealible enk now i ust make hase to get well and afterwits take frenchlief because my jepitdy cave from a quarter and a man who as able to distra me
	layer_6: when i reached home nikolo damontea grutal came to visit me and told me that i had excaped one of the most driheful perils in the worlw quite colntrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin ritten with indellable ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwar s take frenchlyf because my jpedy camve from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_8: when i reached home nikolod da montea gruto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreabful perils in the worl quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take frenchleaf because my jpaty came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_10: when i reached home nikolo da monte gruto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japordy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_12: when i reached home nikolo da montea gruto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japody came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me

file: 3663-172528-0039.flac
expected: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_2: i an si that i hat do nothin to dispeashinm but that he hadt injurt me and toldym all y ofairabut the mint
	layer_4: i an sed that i had dod nothing to displeace him but that he had injurt me and toldim all te affarbut the mint
	layer_6: i answer that i had dod nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affai about the mint
	layer_8: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_10: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_12: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint

file: 3663-172528-0040.flac
expected: he repeated get hence as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_2: he repedit get heads quecktlly as you can and beof gold corrce for you vwiell so veges exicudet son hea thn you wixpec
	layer_4: he repeatid get heasas quackly as you cain and be of good corege for you well see o vengonc exicutit sona then you axpact
	layer_6: he repeated get hensas quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see o vengencse executded sooner than you expect
	layer_8: he repeated get hens as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see or vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_10: he repeated get hents as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see yor vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_12: he repeated get hants as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect

file: 3663-172528-0041.flac
expected: i the best attention to my health gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_2: i the bes a tecien to my hes ta peartel pagilol at vise abou sthabping the coins and the wentof apord my way to ro wit thout sayn a wor to the deuk ul any bodyls
	layer_4: i the bese attencion to my helse gave peartro pagalow at vise abou stamnping the coinse and the went of upon my way to rom without saying a word to the duk a any body ells
	layer_6: i the best attention to my hells gave piere tro pagulo at vice about stemping the coins and the went off upon my way to rom without saying a word to the duke o anybody els
	layer_8: i the best attention to my hells gave pietro pagalo advice about tamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke of anybody else
	layer_10: i the best attention to my hels gave pitro pagalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_12: i the best attention to my hels gave piertro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else

file: 3663-172528-0042.flac
expected: you want them to immortalise that ferocious tyrant
	layer_2: you ant themto y mortolie thet for roches tirent
	layer_4: you want them to e more t lise dat for rocious tirant
	layer_6: you want them to emoretiolize at fer rocious tirant
	layer_8: you want them to imortilize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_10: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_12: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant

file: 3663-172528-0043.flac
expected: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_2: you havdt nemer ma anything s x wesit which provsu a w i veaterat fo and thed di vod at fred and yert the pope ad e have head i twice i min to hanyou withou amy follt of yals
	layer_4: you have nemr made anything soexqwesit which proesyou iwr im vetereit fo and the devodat freind and yet the pope and he have had i twise i min to hagndk you withou any fault of yous
	layer_6: you have never made anything so exquisit which proves you i wirll inveterite fol and their devodet friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any foult of yours
	layer_8: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you owill inveterate fol and their devotete friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_10: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_12: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours

file: 3663-172528-0044.flac
expected: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clement
	layer_2: it was frmlybeleet that doke oulesiti was the san alf pope plamen
	layer_4: it was frmly bleatd that duke aleciddrl was the sun of pope plamen
	layer_6: it was firmly believed that duke alisaddro was the sun of pope clamone
	layer_8: it was firmly believed that duke alisaddro was the son of pope clamon
	layer_10: it was firmly believed that duke aliadro was the son of pope clamen
	layer_12: it was firmly believed that duke alisandro was the son of pope clament

file: 3663-172528-0045.flac
expected: messer francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that medal
	layer_2: messer fren chescol yusd oso to say and swere by all he santh that iv e cod he woul have roped me of the gyes four that medlw
	layer_4: messer frenchescal yused oso to say and swere by all he senth that if he could he would have roped me of the dyeese for that meadow
	layer_6: meser fronchesco used oaso to say and swere by all his saints that if he could he would have ropped me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_8: meser franchesco used also to say and swer by all his saint that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_10: messer franchesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_12: messer franchesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow

file: 3663-172528-0046.flac
expected: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_2: i wasponder tha h hat don welld to tel myso and tha i woulh tixcuch car of them that he shoult nemles them more
	layer_4: i responded that he had done welld to tell me so and that i would tax such care of them that he should nemuse them more
	layer_6: i respornded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should neveersee them more
	layer_8: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_10: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_12: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more

file: 3663-172528-0047.flac
expected: i now sent to florence to request lorenzino that he would send me the reverse of the medal
	layer_2: i thowsento lowrancs to requeace loren eno that he wioudt erd me the re vers of the meadle
	layer_4: i now sento florence to requese loren enong that he would sad me the revers of the meado
	layer_6: i dou sent to flowrence to request loren cinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_8: i now sent to florence to request lurensinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_10: i now sent to florence to request lorencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_12: i now sent to florence to request larencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow

file: 3663-172528-0048.flac
expected: niccolo da monte aguto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenzino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_2: nicoll od thau morntal goto to whom i hat retoe rot bak sang that he hat spocoen to that mad mallof colly tforlo sufer lored enourt forit he hat replighdt heu was tinking nit a day of nohing eluse and that e wot inishit as son as e was able
	layer_4: nicolod ta montar gouto to whom i head reton rought back saing that he had spokcen to that mad mallvcolly thula soffer lredsee not for it he had repliet  he was tinking night ad day of nothing euse and that he would finishet as soon as he was able
	layer_6: nikolod damonter gouto to whom i had retuned wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad malcoly philosoffer lourends e kno for it he had repliedthat he was thinkingd night atday of nothing euse and that he would finish it as soon as he was abl
	layer_8: nikolord darmonterl guto to whom i had wreiterned wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher loren note for it he had replied that he was thinking night a day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_10: nikolo damonterl guto to whom i had writtun wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenci note for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_12: nikolo d'amonterl guto to whom i had writtun wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenci note for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able

file: 3663-172528-0049.flac
expected: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_2: nevr thelis i was not to sat my hopes u pon his revers but i hat better ivend one out of my on had and when i hat finishtit i might brig it wie hout  heasitatien to the duk for this would be to my i vantach
	layer_4: never thelecs i was not to sait my hopes upon his revers but i had better imvend one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hasitation to the duke for this would be to my ivauntaceh
	layer_6: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my avantageh
	layer_8: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_10: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_12: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage

file: 3663-172528-0050.flac
expected: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_2: i compos the deine ofteryvers which cee to me apropiet and presse the wor folwit to my best ability
	layer_4: i compost the desine of a reverse which seeb to me ap propiet and press the wort folwat to my best ability
	layer_6: i composed the design of a reverse which seebed to me a propriate andpressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_8: i composed the design of a reverse which seeme to me appropiate ampressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_10: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate amd pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_12: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate amd pressed the word forward to my best ability

file: 3663-172528-0051.flac
expected: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_2: this begso a he was a felltwl of much houvmer we ust afll to lagf to gether bout the gra creadit he hat gam
	layer_4: this beg so as he was a fellow of much humar we yusd offe to lagh together ubout the grate creadat he had gam
	layer_6: this being so as he was a fellow of much humor wee used offered to laugh together about the great cred it he had gain
	layer_8: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offered to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_10: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_12: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gained

file: 3663-172528-0052.flac
expected: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling piece ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_2: i therfordis mounted at ons got my folyng pes reagy an at a verylogrange broght to ofe them dowun wih  si gol bal
	layer_4: i therefor dis mounted at ons got my fouling pease rady and at avery long range brought to of them down with a sigo ball
	layer_6: i therefore dismounted at ons got my fouling peace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a singl ball
	layer_8: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_10: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pieace redy and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_12: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pieace redy and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball

file: 3663-172528-0053.flac
expected: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_2: and nerver yuse to sut is mal than one ball and was usuly able to hat my mark at to hundrecupits which caln not be down by othe wayse of lotyg
	layer_4: ad never use to sd with male than one ball and was usually able to hat my mark at two hunderet cu bits which cannot be don by othe ways of loding
	layer_6: id never used to shood with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_8: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_10: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_12: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading

file: 3663-172528-0054.flac
expected: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_2: i livetot my fort and tlet the marte ranout thed when i hat mountedt we make hasd for rom
	layer_4: i livet at my fot and let the water ranout then when i had mounte we make hast for rom
	layer_6: i lived at my foot and let the water un out then when i had mounted we make haste for rome
	layer_8: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we make haste for rome
	layer_10: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_12: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome

file: 4323-18416-0000.flac
expected: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_2: there was now answer and after oner to in effectual tents frolnsy turd fearfully away
	layer_4: there was no answer and after won er two in a fectual attencs frounsy tured ferfully away
	layer_6: there was no answer and after one or two in effectual attents frondzy tured ferfully away
	layer_8: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents prasie turned fearfully away
	layer_10: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts pronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_12: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts pronsie turned fearfully away

file: 4323-18416-0001.flac
expected: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knob
	layer_2: a tri and he lat o quikain nomta now
	layer_4: i'l try and she la ta quick in n o me now
	layer_6: i'll try and she lai a quick han andnone ma now
	layer_8: i'll try and she laid a quick han o me now
	layer_10: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on ma now
	layer_12: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on ma now

file: 4323-18416-0002.flac
expected: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_2: two red spoghts bura nonerchekes and her pald li i esnapt
	layer_4: two red spots burn onher cheks and her paled low i snaet
	layer_6: two red spots burn on her cheeks and her pale lu eye snapped
	layer_8: two red spots burnt on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_10: two red spots burnd on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_12: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped

file: 4323-18416-0003.flac
expected: oh i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_2: wiym sur i herd it ragingnof the doun
	layer_4: why'me stur i heard at raging ot han down
	layer_6: why'm sure i heard it raging up an down
	layer_8: whi 'm sure i heard it ranging up and down
	layer_10: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_12: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down

file: 4323-18416-0004.flac
expected: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back
	layer_2: i do't wone an y ditner said char lat doin nack
	layer_4: i don't mone any dinner said char lat draing mack
	layer_6: i don't want any dinner said charlet drawing back
	layer_8: i don't want any dinner said charlot drawing back
	layer_10: i don't want any dinner said charlotedrawing back
	layer_12: i don't want any dinner said charlotedrawing back

file: 4323-18416-0005.flac
expected: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_2: yesindeet sa pollyturilyjusus finm his com be
	layer_4: yes indeed sa policharly just as finis can be
	layer_6: yes indeed said poly charily just as fine as can be
	layer_8: yes indeed said polly cheirily just as fine as can be
	layer_10: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_12: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be

file: 4323-18416-0006.flac
expected: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_2: a shurly said old mister kaing with greatsatesfaction in pollys pleasur and at herisuxccesse ing dryg sharlat houtd
	layer_4: asurdly said old mister kig with great satisfaction imdpoly's pleasur and at her success ind doryg sharlat hout
	layer_6: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success endroyng sharlet out
	layer_8: assuredly said old mister kig with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success endrowing charlot out
	layer_10: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success en drawing charlotte out
	layer_12: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success endrawing charlotte out

file: 4323-18416-0007.flac
expected: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_2: and aftered this the ered no more quiet days for sharlat choutteton
	layer_4: and after this the wrued no more quiet days for shar let chouteton
	layer_6: and after this there would no more quiet days for sharlet chouterton
	layer_8: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlot chowuterton
	layer_10: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chowterton
	layer_12: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chowterton

file: 4323-18416-0008.flac
expected: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_2: o bus mead t you frondy in plased to price
	layer_4: oh bust me r t oyou fronde in pleaced to price
	layer_6: oh blet me at o franzie inpleased torprise
	layer_8: oh bless me it ou phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_10: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_12: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise

file: 4323-18416-0009.flac
expected: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_2: yeskrant pa said frongdsy coming in and chutting thatter carfly i came om perpius to seeou all along
	layer_4: yesgranp pat said frondsy coming in an cheudting that or carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_6: yesgranpapa said froniy coming in and shuding that or carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_8: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_10: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_12: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone

file: 4323-18416-0010.flac
expected: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_2: so you did dear said mister king hiely gro t if ihd npuishing awat his riding table he held out as han
	layer_4: so you did dear said mister king highly grotifid impushing away his riting table he held outas hand
	layer_6: so you did dear said mister king highly grautifie and pushing away his riting table he held out his hand
	layer_8: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_10: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_12: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand

file: 4323-18416-0011.flac
expected: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_2: hoa kno gran fupa crid fronsy an arapshre ai could never be to bake fit that sug she perche up as of oled onisning thand she fuldet ter hans n loced groavealy in his face
	layer_4: o kno grand papo cried frownsy in arapture i could never be do big for that so she perchedt up as of old on hisney then she fold et her hands and looed gravelly in his face
	layer_6: oh no grand papa cried fhranzy an e rapture i could never be too big for that so she purched up as of old on his ne then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_8: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his kne then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_10: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_12: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face

file: 4323-18416-0012.flac
expected: well my dear what is it
	layer_2: well my dear wat is it
	layer_4: welt my deare what is it
	layer_6: well my dear what is it
	layer_8: well my dear what is it
	layer_10: well my dear what is it
	layer_12: well my dear what is it

file: 4323-18416-0013.flac
expected: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_2: as the ld gon oman presently youf come ter tell me some thing isuppose
	layer_4: as the oldgjontom on presently you'v come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_6: ased the old gentleman presently yu've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_8: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_10: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_12: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose

file: 4323-18416-0014.flac
expected: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed
	layer_2: yescren pupog i hae sauid froundsy dosit oly and it is most himpoortant twow great bupop ant ahi do wish it so wuch and she claster hans titer and sid
	layer_4: yes griand pepat i have said fronsy docidedly and it is most importain't two grad bapo ad oh i do wish its so much and she clasther hance titer and side
	layer_6: yesgrand papa i have said frondsiy decidedly and it is most important too gradpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clased her hands tigther in side
	layer_8: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too gradpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight her inside
	layer_10: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter inside
	layer_12: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter inside

file: 4323-18416-0015.flac
expected: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_2: well en froudsi f you wat et i sippos it must be said mister king quit is o matterof course
	layer_4: well then frondzy if you want et i suppose it must be said mister king quit ois a matte of course
	layer_6: well then frondzy if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_8: well then phronziy if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_10: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_12: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course

file: 4323-18416-0016.flac
expected: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_2: of she lafe you er think she had rondly a cupile ofd millians er soitis wy
	layer_4: oh she levf you verthing she had fronsy a coupl of millions ore so it is why
	layer_6: oh she left you everythink she had fronse a couple of millions ore so it is why
	layer_8: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_10: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_12: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why

file: 4323-18416-0017.flac
expected: charlotte poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_2: sharlat por repeted the ol juntlemen
	layer_4: sharlat por repeted the old gentlemen
	layer_6: charlet poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_8: charlote por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_10: charlotte pour repeated the old gentleman
	layer_12: charlotte por repeated the old gentleman

file: 4323-18416-0018.flac
expected: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_2: ho knon' not exacly her father is ant ricgh but shar lat i think bi duw very well especialy as i inten to keeper her for a wile and the ni shall lever lut her suffert frons y never indeet
	layer_4: why knon not exactly her father is an't rich but sharlet i think by do very well especially as i intend to keep her hearfor a wile and then i shall never let her suffer fronse never indeeat
	layer_6: why know not exactly her father is n't rich but sharled i think ba o very well especially as i intend to keep her hear for a while and then i shall never let her suffer fronse never indeed
	layer_8: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlot i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer fronziy never indeed
	layer_10: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer pronzie never indeed
	layer_12: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer pronzie never indeed

file: 4323-18416-0019.flac
expected: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_2: grafr said frouncy ans nt mis us chadetan at to sharlet
	layer_4: grad pefar said frouncy wasn't misus chadeton an't to sharlet
	layer_6: grad pepa said fronziy wasn't missus chatterton aunt to sharlet
	layer_8: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chaterton aunt to charlote
	layer_10: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_12: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte

file: 4323-18416-0020.flac
expected: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_2: if misus chattr ton was ant to shoef it persisto frongdsy sloly it seemes is if shamld ogt to have som o the moiy it rely das gran pupa
	layer_4: if missus chatterton was ant to sharlet persistod fronsy slowly it seems is if shalit ougt to have some of the monny it realy dos gran papa
	layer_6: if missus chatterton was aunt to sharlet persisted fhronsy slowly it seems as if sharletd ought to have some of the money it really does grand papa
	layer_8: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlott persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlote ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_10: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charloteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_12: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa

file: 4323-18416-0021.flac
expected: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_2: maby said the ol jedimham withthae short laf and i shouldn't wnder of casin unus we sory over afow other things tot fronsy
	layer_4: mayby said the old gettemanwith a shoret laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cusei unes was sory over a few other things twoo fronsy
	layer_6: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cousin unuss was sorry over a few other things too fronzi
	layer_8: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronzie
	layer_10: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_12: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin unis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie

file: 4323-18416-0022.flac
expected: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_2: what nit ma e hurvery glhad if i da sholtit some of tha mony
	layer_4: woult n it make hervery glad if i gave shal lat some of the money
	layer_6: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave sharl at some of the money
	layer_8: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charle et some of the money
	layer_10: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_12: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money

file: 4323-18416-0023.flac
expected: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_2: for anser mistr cking settre downhaseily on t for and tot two wth re turans u pen down the rum
	layer_4: for answer mister king seter down hasaly on the flore and took two wer three turns up and down the room
	layer_6: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or hree turns up and down the room
	layer_8: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_10: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_12: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room

file: 4323-18416-0024.flac
expected: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_2: awhi do so wish i myg she aid thrs so much for little grol ikte me
	layer_4: iwhy do so wish i might she said there so much for a little girl ike me
	layer_6: ohw hy do so wish i might she said there' so much for a little girl like me
	layer_8: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_10: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_12: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me

file: 4323-18416-0025.flac
expected: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_2: it iul be so nice to have shar tet have some with me stil no answer
	layer_4: it wiuld be so niced to have share lat have some with me still no answer
	layer_6: it would be so nice to have sharlet hale some with me still no answer
	layer_8: it would be so nice to have charlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_10: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_12: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer

file: 4323-18416-0026.flac
expected: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_2: i was riting a not toi missusfargo sai vronsy puting upar lips frikess
	layer_4: i was riting a not to missus farko said fronzy putting up phre lips forikis
	layer_6: i was writing a note to missus fargo said franzi putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_8: i was writing a note to missus fargo said pronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_10: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_12: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss

file: 4323-18416-0027.flac
expected: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_2: shure as i can be fronsy said l mistr king smily god by dear
	layer_4: sure is i can be fronzy said ld mister king smili good by dear
	layer_6: sure as i can be fronzie said old mister king smly good by dear
	layer_8: sure as i can be pfronsie said old mister king smili good by dear
	layer_10: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good by dear
	layer_12: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good by dear

file: 4323-18416-0028.flac
expected: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_2: thered their mysus tuspoashall never say that but comin comen
	layer_4: thered there my sisto spoishiall never say that but comeint coment
	layer_6: there ther mysister spoy shall never say that but come incmment
	layer_8: there there my sisters boy shall never say that but come incmmen
	layer_10: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come incomen
	layer_12: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come incoment

file: 4323-18416-0029.flac
expected: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_2: noat to be youngracious the young manhlryhimselft edt wichare
	layer_4: not to beyoungratious the young ranthruw umself int wich har
	layer_6: not to be yonggracious the young mn threw himself int which hair
	layer_8: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into ach hair
	layer_10: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_12: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair

file: 4323-18416-0030.flac
expected: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_2: on hang nt angl wi kinto tlot mne a long
	layer_4: oh hang t untle whi ein you lot me a lone
	layer_6: oh hang it uncle why an' yoe let me alone
	layer_8: oh hang itd uncle why can't yoeu let me alone
	layer_10: oh hangit uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_12: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone

file: 4323-18416-0031.flac
expected: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_2: which is a wonder interpllated pickering
	layer_4: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_6: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_8: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_10: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_12: which is a wonder interpolated pickering

file: 4323-18416-0032.flac
expected: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_2: i kno you did ongl said picrin youv don everything tit'sgood
	layer_4: i know you did uncle said pickering yo've done everything that's good
	layer_6: i know you did uncle said pickering yu'vedone everything that's good
	layer_8: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_10: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_12: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good

file: 4323-18416-0033.flac
expected: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_2: for hav en sate pikerin cridt as uncle duarting im fron of the cher in its rus tlessuckbut don't sayv that again
	layer_4: for hav en sate pickering crie his uncle darding in frun o the chair and its rest lessoccubet don't say that again
	layer_6: for haven sake pickering cried his uncle darting in fron of the chair and its restless occupete don't say that again
	layer_8: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in frontof the chair and its restless occupate don't say that again
	layer_10: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_12: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again

file: 4323-18416-0034.flac
expected: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for naught but i hope i've not sunk to that
	layer_2: i'v ben alasy dag ol my wif in a good for not but i hopovd not sunc tod that
	layer_4: i've been a asy dog ol my litfe an a good for not but i hopeoe not some to that
	layer_6: i've been a lazsy dog anl my life and a good for not but i hope of not sum to that
	layer_8: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nogt but i hope i've not sum to that
	layer_10: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i've not sumk to that
	layer_12: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i've not sumke to that

file: 4323-13259-0000.flac
expected: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_2: the church bels were vrining and peopl on thy avnw going byti ser vis turened urioucs inquiring looks uf the the great hus and thenm wen on toking int the reacton ovente which huld sostrangealy endered into and made histery in the scity
	layer_4: the church bells were wringing and people on the avene going byito servist turned churious inquiring looks up that the great house and them went on talking iof the reason avents which had so strangely endered into and made histery in the city
	layer_6: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenuw going by to service turned churious inquiring looks oupt tat the great house and then went on talking otf the recen events which had so strangely endered into and made history in the city
	layer_8: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_10: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up ot the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_12: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up ot the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city

file: 4323-13259-0001.flac
expected: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_2: and aldu his inpassion ppel the smorning there was a not a sadmess endervouk and sturnd cond dimation but mae many of the members pail with seltf acusation or withinwred anger
	layer_4: and altfhouh his impassion appeald this morning there was a noto sadness and rebiuke and sterne condimation bat made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with in werad anger
	layer_6: and all through his impassione appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and sterned condemation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_8: and all through his impassione appeal this morning there was a note ofe sadness and rebuke and sternd condemmation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_10: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_12: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger

file: 4323-13259-0002.flac
expected: raymond had voted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_2: rammen head boted to continnu fori  nother year the sllon
	layer_4: ramend head boated to continou for another year the silon
	layer_6: raymon had boated to continue for another year the saloo
	layer_8: raymond had boted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_10: raymond had boted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_12: raymond had boted to continue for another year the saloon

file: 4323-13259-0003.flac
expected: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_2: the cristons of vraimend stud cndend by the risult
	layer_4: the christions of ram and stod con demn by the result
	layer_6: the christians of raimon stood condemned by the result
	layer_8: the christians of raymon stood condemned by the result
	layer_10: the christians of raymon stood condemned by the result
	layer_12: the christians of raymon stood condemned by the result

file: 4323-13259-0004.flac
expected: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_2: for that had been the factend ramend forears the soluon rult
	layer_4: for that had bee the fact in rameand for gyearse the soloon ruld
	layer_6: for that had been the fact in raymon for yearse the saloone ruled
	layer_8: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_10: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_12: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled

file: 4323-13259-0005.flac
expected: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_2: hresit nt marh sat ther his usuaale i reck tanceom errm wright self compid im maring all gon his head bout upon his brest the greagte tears roling down his cheks unmoinfl ofd the facke that neverd bhefore head y shown outwoared amotion in apub liok cervise
	layer_4: presidant marsh hat there his usual irect hansome irm wright self compidhimt bering all go his head bout upon his bresst the great tears roling down his cheks unminfull of the fact that nevered before head he shown outwar omotion in a publiok servis
	layer_6: president marsh shat there his usual erecked handsome firm right self compident bearing all gon his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before head he shown outwardemotion in a public service
	layer_8: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shon outward emotion in a public service
	layer_10: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_12: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service

file: 4323-13259-0006.flac
expected: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_2: what if he had begun t to as tesus whort have down mlong ago
	layer_4: what if he had begun to do was jiesas woard have done long ago
	layer_6: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_8: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_10: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_12: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago

file: 4323-13259-0007.flac
expected: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_2: wen had the firs turc eel let to suchabatd his im of ters
	layer_4: when had the first churcheeldte to such a bacpet hism of to ears
	layer_6: when had the first church yielded to such a bake ism of t ears
	layer_8: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of t ears
	layer_10: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_12: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears

file: 4323-13259-0008.flac
expected: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_2: what hatd become f thats regguler precice can ventional order of servie un di stered by any vol ger r amotion and unmroove b any fo li shecxcitment
	layer_4: what hid become of its regular precice conventional order of servce undistered by any vollgr amotion and unmoved by any foolish uccitement
	layer_6: what it become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturved by any vulgaremotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_8: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturved by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_10: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_12: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement

file: 4323-13259-0009.flac
expected: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_2: they had been living sol long on ther serfhispfilingcs thut they had almost forgotain the depoer wells of liy
	layer_4: they had been living so long on their serfaspfeelings that they had almost forgottin the deper wells of li
	layer_6: they had been living so long on their surface fhelings that they had almost forgoten the deeper wells of li
	layer_8: they had been living s long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_10: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_12: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life

file: 4323-13259-0010.flac
expected: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiskey power in raymond that would break its reign forever
	layer_2: the meading was tender t glod with the spirits pesence it was a live wats stong and lasting ras olve to be gin a ware on the wisce power iand ramento that would break at s rain for ever
	layer_4: the meading was tender it glowed with the spirtes presence it was a live was stong and lasting res olve to begin a war on the whisky power and rament that would break ats rain for ever
	layer_6: the meeting was tender it glowd wit the spirites presence it was alive was stong and lasting resolved to begin a war on the whisky power and rayment that would break its rain for ever
	layer_8: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and rayment that would break its rein for ever
	layer_10: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rein for ever
	layer_12: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its reign for ever

file: 4323-13259-0011.flac
expected: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_2: sincs the first sune they hen the first company aballntears had pleche themsels to deo whas gesis wouth do thet different meatings had been carctirise by distaint impulses or ampresioncs
	layer_4: since the first sondtey when the first company obolenters had pledchd themselves to do as ges us would do the different meeadtings had been caractor iysd by distincet impulses or impressionce
	layer_6: since the first sunday when the first company of bolanters had pleadged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been character eized by distinct impulses or impressionse
	layer_8: since the first sunday when the first company of bolunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_10: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_12: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions

file: 4323-13259-0012.flac
expected: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_2: and alter w it ran one genneral cri fora deliveorentce anm the solone in its olful curs
	layer_4: and alterhwit ran one genneral crye for deliverance om the salon and its awful curs
	layer_6: and altruh it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon ind its awful curse
	layer_8: and all thr it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_10: and all threw it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_12: and all threw it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse

file: 4323-13259-0013.flac
expected: gray and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what loreen's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_2: grai in his wie for be seechd by in quirs who one ed to no what loriins frendsan aquaitincas wer expec ted to dou in pang nher asdter spets to her
	layer_4: grain his wie for beceeachd byinquirers who wanded to no what lorian's friends and acquaintances we expected to do in paing their lasterespets to her
	layer_6: gray an his wife were beseghed by inquirs who wanded to know what lorians friends and acquaintances were expected to do inpain their last respects to her
	layer_8: grey and his wife were beseched by inquirs who wanted to know what laurian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in payng thir last respects to her
	layer_10: grey and his wife were beseghed by inquirers who wanted to know what laurine's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_12: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what laurine's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her

file: 4323-13259-0014.flac
expected: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_2: gray had gon uc to vreginiens and after tolking atover with her nd maxsbe earange ment had ben maide
	layer_4: gray had goneupt to reginions and after talking iat over with her and maxbel he arangement had been made
	layer_6: gry had gone up to virginious and after talking it over with her and maxvell the arangement had been mad
	layer_8: gry had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arangement had been made
	layer_10: grey had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxell the arrangement had been made
	layer_12: grey had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made

file: 4323-13259-0015.flac
expected: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its great sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_2: i am and o was have ben upose  olarge puplic funeral sai gry whoscompleat hulsome s imflissitiavf caircter was one of its greatist sorces of strinth but the cri of the por cratur s wo ne lorin as selt ernes that i ud not now hatter o feuse the esire to see her and pa her for body some las blittle onoer what doeouthing mister maxlal
	layer_4: i am and al was have been apose alarge puplic funeral said grey whos s complete holsome simplicity ve caracter was one of its greatct sources of strength but the cry of the por creatures who knew lorain as so earnes that i doe not now hwt her afeused the s esire to see her and pay her por body some last blittle honor what do youthink mister maxball
	layer_6: i am and ill ways have been oposed to large public funerals said grey whoe complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new lorine is so earnes that i dod not know how to efuse this desire to see her and pay her poorbody some last little honour what do you think mister maxvell
	layer_8: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gry whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreine is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxvell
	layer_10: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lorene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_12: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell

file: 4323-13259-0016.flac
expected: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_2: i wil te gid ed by guregechren anthematter
	layer_4: i wll be gided by youradjethfran in h mater
	layer_6: i will be guided by your geghmnt in the matter
	layer_8: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter
	layer_10: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter
	layer_12: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter

file: 4323-13259-0017.flac
expected: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_2: i iam shure tht what ever you in mis pake think pest will bye right
	layer_4: i am shure that whatever you and mis pate think best will be right
	layer_6: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be rite
	layer_8: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_10: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_12: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right

file: 4323-13259-0018.flac
expected: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_2: under the sercmsances i have a greateis taced for what seng like desplay at such times but thi sems different
	layer_4: under the circumsances i have a great dis tased for what seem like desplay at such times but this seems differen
	layer_6: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seemes different
	layer_8: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_10: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_12: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different

file: 4323-13259-0019.flac
expected: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_2: et happen thet that afternon a some what notidnese faporcorson ut was passing di ram an o his way to hen etatorial commention inthe neyhboring sitty
	layer_4: it happened tha that after nn a somewhat noted nesefpapercourison at was passing di gram end on his way to an etatorial convention in e neighboring city
	layer_6: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper corresondet was passing thiu grainment on his way to an editorial convention in e neighbouring city
	layer_8: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing thouggriment on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city
	layer_10: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing throug agreement on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city
	layer_12: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing throughagreement on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city

file: 4323-13259-0020.flac
expected: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services at the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_2: she was accommon streate drunkerd and yet the servisisit thetent were ais impresof as anyai ever witnesten ameter pallioain chrce ofer the most dosinguish tsitison
	layer_4: she was a common streat drunkuerd and yet the servis as ot the tent were as impressive as any i ever witness an a metur pol itd in church over the most dosinguished sidicon
	layer_6: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witness and a mettrepolian church over the most disinguished citizin
	layer_8: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meatrpolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_10: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meatropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_12: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meatropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen

file: 4323-13259-0021.flac
expected: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_2: it sruck me of corse being estrander i the place with consitterable stonishment to hear voics like those one naturallekxpecxs to heare only in great turches ar consects at sucha mading is this
	layer_4: it shruckt me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable a stonishment to hear voices like those one natural xpects to heare only in great churches ore consercts at such a mading is this
	layer_6: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to heare only ing great churches or concerts at such a meting as this
	layer_8: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meting as this
	layer_10: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_12: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this

file: 4323-13259-0022.flac
expected: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_2: mister makswl spo e ot the fac that the ded oman had been fully prpared togo but he soking ot peculiarly sensit ive manner of the affect of the licker bissinessom alives ip menan wom in like thisan
	layer_4: mister maxwel spoe ot the fect that the dead woman had been fully prpaired togo but he spoken a peculiarly sensitive maner of the affect of the licker bisnes s ome e lives if men and womand like this one
	layer_6: mister maxs well spoke at the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoken a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liqor business on the lives af men and women like this one
	layer_8: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_10: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_12: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one

file: 4323-13259-0023.flac
expected: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_2: ramend of cors bing arairod town an the scendter of the great packing interoes for the s regien is ful of solonts
	layer_4: rament of course being aralr d town and the cender of the great packing interes for thes region is full of soloonts
	layer_6: raymond of course being a railrod town and the cener of the great packing interest for this region is full of salons
	layer_8: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interets for this region is full of saloons
	layer_10: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_12: rayimond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons

file: 4323-13259-0024.flac
expected: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_2: then follod what was perhaps the creer part of thes strang servie
	layer_4: then followed what was perhaps the cueear part of the strange servise
	layer_6: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of thi strange service
	layer_8: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_10: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_12: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service

file: 4323-13259-0025.flac
expected: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_2: it was one of the semplist and at the saine time one of the most himpressif sites i ever witnest
	layer_4: it was one of the simplest and at the same kime one of the most impresiv sites i ever witnesst
	layer_6: it was one of the simplest and at the same kime one of the most impressive sigts i ever witnessed
	layer_8: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_10: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_12: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed

file: 4323-13259-0026.flac
expected: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_2: there mustapebeen a hundred of thes eman and i was told many of them had been con virted at the medingstjust recently
	layer_4: theire must have een a hundred of these woman and i was told many of them had been converted at the meding sjust rea sently
	layer_6: theremust have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_8: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_10: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_12: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently

file: 4323-55228-0000.flac
expected: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_2: the nex moment he fel bakin amazement be for the inpetuous rush of a striy ied fles chek teyoungwoman who dimanded
	layer_4: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the inpetuous rush of a stary eid flush cheek he oung woman who demanded
	layer_6: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a stary eyed flush cheek t young woman who demanded
	layer_8: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_10: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_12: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded

file: 4323-55228-0001.flac
expected: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_2: where is e peat mis blly gasd the o man
	layer_4: were ise peat miss billy gased the old man
	layer_6: where is he pet miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_8: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_10: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_12: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man

file: 4323-55228-0002.flac
expected: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_2: int han is cheekes to were flushed and herie story butwith dismay and anger the last becaus she did not like the ay pet had said mis billiys name
	layer_4: an't han as cheeks too were flushed ind her iye stary but with do smay and anger the last because she did not like the way peat had said miss billy's name
	layer_6: aunt hannes cheeks too were flushed in her eyes storry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pet had said miss billy's name
	layer_8: aunt hann's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_10: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_12: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name

file: 4323-55228-0003.flac
expected: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_2: it was one matter for her to abject to t is thing vily was doing but qui da nother for peato do at of coursits she
	layer_4: it was one matter for her to object to thes thing villy was doing but quie onother for pat to do it of cours its she
	layer_6: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peat to do it of course it's she
	layer_8: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_10: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_12: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she

file: 4323-55228-0004.flac
expected: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_2: retorded ent hannatestly as if you your sefd nfrin herhear with your crasy messigisait thes time of night pet weriosy
	layer_4: retorded an't hanattestily as if you your selft in't fring her here with your crasy messagis it this time of night peat wereiose
	layer_6: retorted ant hannatestily as if you yourselft idn fring her her with your crazy messages at this time of night pat where is he
	layer_8: retorted aunt hana testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_10: retorted aunt hana testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_12: retorted aunt hanna testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he

file: 4323-55228-0005.flac
expected: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_2: int er pose bily tell mister br tro m y ame hyeer or wait il ko rigtidn intsuppriset
	layer_4: indterposed billy tel mister br termy am heare or waite i'l co reiatid in surprice it
	layer_6: interposed billy tell mister bertre mi am here or wait i'll go riten and surprice him
	layer_8: interposed billy tell mister bertrm i am here or wait i'll go riht in and surprise him
	layer_10: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_12: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him

file: 4323-55228-0006.flac
expected: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_2: pet had re coveridhimself by now pbut he did notyven glince wr dant hinna
	layer_4: pet had recoverd himself by now but he did not even glinced war dant hanna
	layer_6: pet had recoverd himself by now but he did not even glinced oward ant hanna
	layer_8: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hanna
	layer_10: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_12: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah

file: 4323-55228-0007.flac
expected: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_2: miss bily miss billy your an angjel strake frem heavn you arn you ar o ou'me so glad you came
	layer_4: miss billy miss billy your an angjell straike from heaven you are you ar o i'm so glad you came
	layer_6: miss billy miss billy yure an angel strighte from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_8: miss billy miss billy yu're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_10: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_12: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came

file: 4323-55228-0008.flac
expected: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_2: it t'll be al righte no ao rigte hesn the den mispilly
	layer_4: it'll be all rigt now al right hesn the den mis billy
	layer_6: it'll be all right now all right he' sen the den miss billy
	layer_8: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_10: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_12: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy

file: 4323-55228-0009.flac
expected: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_2: vuilly turne egerly but befor se could take so much as oncstep t owreh the dorit the ando the how nt hannas indignent woicear restit her belys stuo
	layer_4: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as oncetept oward the doorat the und o the hall ant han as indignant voicurested her billiy stop
	layer_6: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one steppd oward the door at the end of the hall aunt han as indignant voice errested her billy's stop
	layer_8: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one stepp toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billys stop
	layer_10: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_12: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy stop

file: 4323-55228-0010.flac
expected: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_2: pet go tell your mastere that we oar hear and askif hou wil recive us peat's lips twiched
	layer_4: pet go tell your master that we r here and askif hoeu will receive us petes lips twitched
	layer_6: pet go tell your master that we are here and ask if hou will receive us petslips twitched
	layer_8: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pet's lips twitched
	layer_10: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_12: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched

file: 4323-55228-0011.flac
expected: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_2: but his facewst pritdord naturaly grave when he spok
	layer_4: but his face was preter nantually grave when he spoke
	layer_6: but his face was preder nanturally grave when he spoke
	layer_8: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_10: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_12: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke

file: 4323-55228-0012.flac
expected: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its knees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_2: a fying fi gyour brushd by him nd tell ont sesed by the cout oit the lo criy burtrims ise fle open
	layer_4: a fying foigyour brushed by him and fell onut seesed by the cout fwith a low cry burtrims eyes flew wopen
	layer_6: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seized by the couch with a low cry berthram's eyes flew open
	layer_8: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seized by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_10: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_12: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open

file: 4323-55228-0013.flac
expected: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_2: dongling foun inm thermanut later pollishing a sil feitesepoon with a fringhed napkon that ad been spred over burtrmstry
	layer_4: dong ling found him there aminut later polishing a sylferteacepoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over burtrmstry
	layer_6: dong ling found him there a minat later polishing a silver teaspoone with a frenge napkin that had been spread over burctrame's tray
	layer_8: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_10: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_12: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray

file: 4323-55228-0014.flac
expected: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_2: in the hall abo vant hanoa was crying into will iumsgry lin indduster that hung on the hall rack ant han as hankragife was on the for bac it hil sid
	layer_4: in the halle abov ant hannw was crying into will iam scray lind ind duster that hung on the hall rack ant hand as handketif was on the flor back et helside
	layer_6: in the hall above ant hnna was crying into william's greylin and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's hadkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_8: in the hall above aunt hanna was crying into williams gray linend duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_10: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_12: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside

file: 4323-55228-0015.flac
expected: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all
	layer_2: then very gragwily it dondover then that ther was after all something strange ond on exlain ttedall
	layer_4: then very gragrally it dond over than that theire was after all something strange and un explain did endall
	layer_6: then very gradually it donet over them that there was after all something strange and unexplainedit it all
	layer_8: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_10: then very gradually it danned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained i at all
	layer_12: then very gradually it danned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all

file: 4323-55228-0016.flac
expected: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_2: as if to make sure that she was hear like this he do heriving closor br tan was so thancful tity did have one oarm that wos usible
	layer_4: as if to make sure that she was here like this he do her even closeor burti was so thankful titedid have one arm that was usible
	layer_6: as if to make sure that she was here like this he dew her even closer bertanm was so thankful that e did have one arm that was usable
	layer_8: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertam was so thankful that he did have one arm that was useable
	layer_10: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_12: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable

file: 4323-55228-0017.flac
expected: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_2: whi o of course stamored billy i couldn't help thinking that may be you hadt foun d out you didn' want me
	layer_4: why o of corse stamoured billy i couldn't help thinking that may be you had found out you diddn't want me
	layer_6: why o of course stamoured billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_8: why  of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_10: why of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_12: why of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me

file: 4323-55228-0018.flac
expected: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_2: te mainded burch om angry an mistifite
	layer_4: demainded burch rem angry and mistifiede
	layer_6: demanded burthram angry and mistified
	layer_8: demanded berthram angry and mystified
	layer_10: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_12: demanded bertram angry and mystified

file: 4323-55228-0019.flac
expected: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_2: as fer my not painting again youdd toundersthand pet tary
	layer_4: as form my not painting again you tidn undersand pate deary
	layer_6: as for my not painting again you didnt understand pat deary
	layer_8: as for my not painting again you didn'tunderstand pete deariy
	layer_10: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deariy
	layer_12: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deariy

file: 4323-55228-0020.flac
expected: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm
	layer_2: she puldher selft half awayfe from brichims ind sirckling orm
	layer_4: she pulld her self half away from briachims and circkling arm
	layer_6: she puled herself half away from britchims in circling arm
	layer_8: she pulled herself half away from bredtram's and circling arm
	layer_10: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm
	layer_12: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm

file: 4323-55228-0021.flac
expected: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_2: bily dyou a quivfering si
	layer_4: billy dyour aquivfering si
	layer_6: billyd your a quivfering sigh
	layer_8: billied your a quifering sigh
	layer_10: billied your a quivering sigh
	layer_12: billied your a quivering sigh

file: 4323-55228-0022.flac
expected: good heavens is kate in this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_2: good haveens is tatin this two burtums voise was savige now
	layer_4: good havin's is caten this too burtrums voice wats savage now
	layer_6: good heavens is kat in this too bercham's voice with savage now
	layer_8: good heavens is katen this too berthram's voice was savage now
	layer_10: good heavens is kate and this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_12: good heavens is kate and this too bertram's voice was savage now

file: 4323-55228-0023.flac
expected: well she wrote a letter
	layer_2: wel she frownet a letter
	layer_4: well she rot a letter
	layer_6: well she wrote a letter
	layer_8: well she wrote a letter
	layer_10: well she wrote a letter
	layer_12: well she wrote a letter

file: 4323-55228-0024.flac
expected: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_2: bulele lact gayely but she shifted er possition and didnot met her leversie
	layer_4: billy laughed gaely but she shifted her position anddid not met her loverseye
	layer_6: billy laughed gaitly but she shifted her position and did not met her lover's eyes
	layer_8: billy laughed galy but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_10: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_12: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes

file: 4323-55228-0025.flac
expected: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_2: and you never dod think fro minit belly that you cared for him
	layer_4: and you never did think foro minut billy that you cared for him
	layer_6: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_8: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_10: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_12: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him

file: 4323-55228-0026.flac
expected: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_2: he had not men slow t o markke s witfh lowwering o or iletes
	layer_4: he had not ben slowed o marke thats with lowering f her ileads
	layer_6: he had not been slowd to mark that swith lowering of her yslids
	layer_8: he had not been slow to mark that swif lowering of her eyelids
	layer_10: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_12: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids

file: 4323-55228-0027.flac
expected: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwright's
	layer_2: buelle was so glad burtrm ma trin the question on herylof instet of arkrightes
	layer_4: billy was so glad birtrematurind the question on hurelove in stead of aurkrightes
	layer_6: billy was so glad burthram a turne the question on herr love instead of ourkrights
	layer_8: billy was so glad berthram had turnedthe question on her love instead of arkrightes
	layer_10: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_12: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights

file: 4323-55228-0028.flac
expected: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily
	layer_2: afterminut bily stured an site halfuly
	layer_4: after aminut billy stired and side halflly
	layer_6: after a minute billy stirred an side halfily
	layer_8: after a minute billy stirred and sihed halfily
	layer_10: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfily
	layer_12: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfily

file: 4323-55228-0029.flac
expected: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_2: you see i wasn in love with mister ar cright
	layer_4: you see i wasn in love with mister ar criht
	layer_6: you see i wasn't in love with mister ar criht
	layer_8: you see i wasn't in love with mister arcrygt
	layer_10: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkkhryt
	layer_12: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkkryt

file: 4323-55228-0030.flac
expected: and and you didn't care specially for for miss winthrop
	layer_2: andand youdin' car spesiall ly for frm mis wint
	layer_4: an and you din't carr speciall tey for for is wintle
	layer_6: and and you didn't caret specially fort for miss winterop
	layer_8: and and you didn't care t specially for fom miss windrop
	layer_10: and and you didn't care specially for for miss wintre
	layer_12: and and you didn't care specially for for miss wintrep

file: 4323-55228-0031.flac
expected: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_2: bille put a sou fing hur on his wlips
	layer_4: bily put a sotfinger on his lips
	layer_6: billy put a sot finger on his lips
	layer_8: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_10: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_12: billy put a soft finger on his lips

file: 4323-55228-0032.flac
expected: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented
	layer_2: vurt hre kissetd the fhing er ans ubsitetd fom he cotminit
	layer_4: virterb kisse the fhinger ands ubsited  he comtmin it
	layer_6: birtab kissed the finger and subsided uhe comtmined
	layer_8: verthab kissed the finger and subsided um he commented
	layer_10: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided hump he commented
	layer_12: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided hump he commented

file: 4323-55228-0033.flac
expected: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_2: whil what is tha is thact kat too the mandad burt rom grimly
	layer_4: while what is that is that cae too demanded bertrom grimly
	layer_6: wele what is that is that kate too demanded brtrom grimly
	layer_8: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_10: well what is that as that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_12: well what is that as that cate too demanded bertram grimly

file: 4323-55228-0034.flac
expected: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_2: there was anotey silence then suenly brchrimstrd
	layer_4: there was a nother silence then suenly brchrim stird
	layer_6: there was another silence then suddenly burtch rim stud
	layer_8: there was another silence then suddenly berchram strred
	layer_10: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_12: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred

file: 4323-55228-0035.flac
expected: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_2: buelly u'm goin mary you to marow he anounce decicively
	layer_4: billy i'm going amarry you to morrow he anounce decicively
	layer_6: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_8: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_10: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_12: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively

file: 4323-55228-0036.flac
expected: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_2: i don't know as i con trust you hout o my site til ten yo'll red something or hear something wer gin a letter from cat after brekfis to marm worni that wl setc you saving ne agan an i don't wat to be sayd that way
	layer_4: i don't kno is i cantrust you out o my sighte till then you'l read something or her something ore get a letter from cate oafter breakfase to mr  morning that will seth you saving me again and i don't wat to be sayed that way
	layer_6: i don't know as i cantrust you out o my sight till then you'll read something or her something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_8: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that wll set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_10: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_12: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way

file: 4323-55228-0037.flac
expected: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_2: 'm goin a mar you to marow il git he stotd shorit with a suddent frown con found that liy forgot
	layer_4: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stop shor t with a sudden' frown con found that ly forgot
	layer_6: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped shor it with a sudden frown con found that ly forgot
	layer_8: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that l i forgot
	layer_10: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that li forgot
	layer_12: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that l i forgot

file: 4323-55228-0038.flac
expected: five days indeed sir
	layer_2: hivedasande sr
	layer_4: five days indeed sir
	layer_6: five days in deed sir
	layer_8: five days indeed sir
	layer_10: five days indeed sir
	layer_12: five days indeed sir

file: 4323-55228-0039.flac
expected: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_2: i whonder  you thinkikan get ready to be marrid omfyve dayse
	layer_4: i wonder ifyou think i can get ready to be marriet im five days
	layer_6: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married hin five days
	layer_8: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_10: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_12: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days

file: 4323-55228-0040.flac
expected: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_2: dou't wan shou to gite ready retorted bur hrompromtly i somemare ev eradyand i had all i want it of it
	layer_4: don't want you to gite ready retorted brctrim promptly i som mareiteready and i had all i wantet of it
	layer_6: don't want you to get ready retorted berctrin promptly i sawm mari at ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_8: don't want you to get ready retorted bertran promptly i saw mari et ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_10: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_12: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it

file: 4323-55228-0041.flac
expected: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_2: if you realy mus have ale thos miles of tavble closs and nackins ant doylys and laceructlings will do it afterwards not beforbut
	layer_4: if you really must have al thoes miles of table closs and nap kins and dooyles and lace rutlings will to at afterwards not before but
	layer_6: if you really must have al those miles of table closs and natkins and doylies and lace roughlings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_8: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doyliyes and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_10: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and dolies and lace rufflings wi'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_12: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doliys and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but

file: 4323-55228-0042.flac
expected: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_2: besides i negyou to take car of me caud inmbrchom craftly
	layer_4: besides i kned you to take care of me ct imberchum craftilly
	layer_6: besides i need you to take care of me cut inberchrame craftily
	layer_8: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_10: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_12: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily

file: 4323-55228-0043.flac
expected: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_2: the tender cglo one billys face tal tie sown story and brchromsegeris were not slowt o reatit
	layer_4: the tender glow on billys face told titson story and birchrums eger ies were not slowt o read it
	layer_6: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and berchrim's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_8: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and berthram's eagere eyes were not slow to reat it
	layer_10: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_12: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it

file: 4323-55228-0044.flac
expected: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_2: sweed hart see heare dere he crid solfly tightening his good leftarm
	layer_4: sweet eart see heare dear he cried sofly tightning his good left arm
	layer_6: sweet heart see here dear he cried softly tightning his good left arm
	layer_8: sweetheart see her dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_10: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_12: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm

file: 4323-55228-0045.flac
expected: billy my dear
	layer_2: bellay my deher
	layer_4: billy my de her
	layer_6: billy my deaer
	layer_8: billy my dear
	layer_10: billy my dear
	layer_12: billy my dear

file: 4323-55228-0046.flac
expected: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_2: it was ant hannast plaint od voice ith the doar waol litte later
	layer_4: it was ant han is plaintof voice ath the doorway al little later
	layer_6: it was aunt hannas plaintid voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_8: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_10: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_12: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later

file: 4323-55228-0047.flac
expected: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_2: we must go homant will ye as heare two ud ons teseeou
	layer_4: we must go homeman will uv as her two and moncst to see you
	layer_6: we must go home an will yu as here two and ants to see you
	layer_8: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_10: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_12: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you

file: 4323-55228-0048.flac
expected: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_2: you manat l be be for ostoe
	layer_4: you mean ittll be before otovber
	layer_6: you mean it 'll be before oct ober
	layer_8: you mean it'll be before ocx tober
	layer_10: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_12: you mean it'll be before october

file: 4323-55228-0049.flac
expected: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_2: ant han a glanse from wone to the other aun sertanly
	layer_4: an't hand a glanced from one to the other un certainly
	layer_6: aunthannaglanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_8: aunt hanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_10: aunt hanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_12: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly

file: 4323-55228-0050.flac
expected: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_2: yes noted billy t marly
	layer_4: yes nonded billy do mearly
	layer_6: yes noded billy to merely
	layer_8: yes nodded billy de merely
	layer_10: yes nodded billy demerely
	layer_12: yes nodded billy demurely

file: 4323-55228-0051.flac
expected: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram airily
	layer_2: yeesi know that is a got wile cat in burtrmarly
	layer_4: yes si know that is a good wile cat in bertrmarily
	layer_6: yes i know that is a good while cutdin brtchri marily
	layer_8: yes i know that is a good while cut in berthramerrily
	layer_10: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram errily
	layer_12: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram merrily

file: 4323-55228-0052.flac
expected: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_2: we woneed it to mr ow but we had t awat un a ceud of the new liconcsfler
	layer_4: we wanted it to morow but we had tawait un accout of the new license la
	layer_6: we wanted it to morrow but we had to waiht on accout of the new licensla
	layer_8: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on accout of the new licenselaw
	layer_10: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licence law
	layer_12: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licence law

file: 1630-102884-0000.flac
expected: in my recent travels in the west i have felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_2: an mig res an travels in the vest i feld that oult ther freedem as an igter has becom feber and einefaectual
	layer_4: an myh reas an travls ind the vest i felt that out there freedim as an idear has becom febl and inifectuual
	layer_6: in my reason travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as a n idear has become feeble and inefectual
	layer_8: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out their freedom as an idea hash become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_10: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out theire freedom as an idea hash become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_12: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out theire freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual

file: 1630-102884-0001.flac
expected: the same thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_2: the feanething of haveing now wit the peple of the rest
	layer_4: the fam thing ith havnling now with the peopl of the west
	layer_6: the feme thing ifs hapening now with the people of the west
	layer_8: the feme thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_10: the feme thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_12: the feme thing is happening now with the people of the west

file: 1630-102884-0002.flac
expected: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_2: they afflaterd into pleving that they afree and they have the soverin pa ind the hans
	layer_4: they aflattered into plieving that the afree and they haved the sove ren pa in the hancs
	layer_6: theyiare flattered into beliving that they arefree and they have the soverin par in thei hanms
	layer_8: theyare flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign par in their hanms
	layer_10: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_12: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands

file: 1630-102884-0003.flac
expected: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the west
	layer_2: hats it heas becoe more and mor evedin to me that th idel ofreed him has gron teneous in the at mis ferf the vest
	layer_4: thes it has become more and more eveden to me that the ideal of freed him has grown tenuous in the atmisfiare of the vast
	layer_6: thus it has become more and more evden to me that the ideal offreedom has grown tenuous in the admosphieare of the vast
	layer_8: thus it has become more and more evidento me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vast
	layer_10: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vast
	layer_12: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vast

file: 1630-102884-0004.flac
expected: the mentality is that of a slave owning community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commercial and political treadmill
	layer_2: the mintality asf that of faslave onin community wit a mewu tlated mug tred of men ti to ad  comoltll andpilytogl tread meo
	layer_4: the mintality as that offaslave onincommunity wuth a muwtlated milttured of men tied to ha scomotial and pillitigl tredml
	layer_6: the mentality as that offise lave own incommunity with a mutilated multiteard of men tied to i scommotial and pelitical tredmill
	layer_8: the mentality as that offer slave ownincommunity with a mutilated multiturd of men tied to its commotial and political treadmill
	layer_10: the mentality of that of a slave owning community with ta mutilated multitud of men tied to its commocial and political treadmill
	layer_12: the mentality of that of a slave owning community with ta mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotial and political treadmill

file: 1630-102884-0005.flac
expected: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_2: he who casdto hoas las mus chaine himself to them he who belts als to gread xsflution for othrs bi l sarls ecrosse son freedon he whould des trus preed hem inthers lunseh es mared rigte to eit
	layer_4: he who cas to house laves mut chan himself to them he who bils walls to cread exflution for others bitlets wallsecrosse son fredn he who distrus preedhem inothers louseses marind right to it
	layer_6: he who cars to house laves must chain himself to them he who bils walls to create exclusion for others bills walls across hesown freden he who distrust freedom inothers lousesas marled right to it
	layer_8: he who cares to houe laves must chain himself to them he who builts wals to create exclusion for others buillts walls across this own freedom he who distrust freedom in others loses his morld right to it
	layer_10: he who cares to have slaves must chan himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his mortal right to it
	layer_12: he who cares to have slaves must chan himself to them he who builds valls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his mortal right to it

file: 1630-102884-0006.flac
expected: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_2: hand theyquied a tru lauge a frethim
	layer_4: hamve thequiet oa tru louge a freethim
	layer_6: have they equiet oa true love offredom
	layer_8: have they acquiret a true love of freedom
	layer_10: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_12: have they acquired a true love of freedom

file: 1630-102884-0007.flac
expected: the great epic of the soul of our people the mahabharata gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_2: the greeat at bek of te seille offerpepl the maher pirdther gif ers abonto fllvition of an e olaring life foul ofte redin of inquiry and expareomand
	layer_4: the great apick of te sel of her people the marher pirdthe gifses abontful vision of an eveetlowing life full of the freedim of inquiry and expariment
	layer_6: the great epic of the sel of her people the mahar parrter givsers abontiful vision of an overlowing life full of te freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_8: the great epic of the sol of her people the maher pata giveses a boundtiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_10: the great epich of the soul of her people the maharparte gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_12: the great epich of the soul of her people the maharparte gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment

file: 1630-102884-0008.flac
expected: when the age of the buddha came humanity was stirred in our country to its uttermost depth
	layer_2: than the age of the bder kame she marnitye was td in our contre tots atilste
	layer_4: than the age of the bouder came he manity wils tord in our contr to its aterml stept
	layer_6: then the age of the buder came humanity was tard in our country to its atermilstep
	layer_8: when the age of the boder came humanity was tared in our country to its utermal teph
	layer_10: when the age of the booder came humanity was tauet in our country to its attemal depth
	layer_12: when the age of the booder came humanity was tauet in our country to its attemal depth

file: 1630-102884-0009.flac
expected: it hardened into an age of inert construction
	layer_2: ic hardind int aneags of inod construction
	layer_4: it hordend into an eige of inot construction
	layer_6: it hordened into n ades of inote construction
	layer_8: it aurdened into an age of innere construction
	layer_10: it hordened into an age of inert construction
	layer_12: it hardened into an age of inert construction

file: 1630-102884-0010.flac
expected: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_2: the al ganyunity of or thearit and ilast ic ercity gae rer to conventenal ader whit's prd its art ficil cariter byt e nex thrabelr of exclution
	layer_4: the algany unlity of r tveirid and ilasticocity gave way to  conventonal ader whit's prulld at ourtificial caricter by t e nex threbl low of exclution
	layer_6: the ogani cunity of a varid and elastic society gave way to a conventional odor which prude at artificial character byit enexthruble law of exclotion
	layer_8: the organic unity of a varinet and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which proed its artificial character by t enextrable law of exclosion
	layer_10: the organic unity of a variened and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which proved its artificial character by t inexerable law of exclosion
	layer_12: the organic unity of a variened and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which proved its artificial character by t inexerable law of exclosion

file: 1630-102884-0011.flac
expected: life has its inequalities i admit but they are natural and are in harmony with our vital functions
	layer_2: life ha that innyquolities i ad mit but bear nachfre and ar an harne wittho vitl funtions
	layer_4: life hathit f ine qualities i hadmit but bear nathful and er and hourmny withthou vitle funtions
	layer_6: life hathed f anequalities i admet but bere natful and are and harmny with hour vital functions
	layer_8: life hath itf anequalities i admet but beare naturual and are and harmny with thour vital functions
	layer_10: life hath it  anequalities i admit but bare natural and ar and harmony with thour vital functions
	layer_12: life hath it inequalities i admit but bare natural and ar and harmony with tour vital functions

file: 1630-102884-0012.flac
expected: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_2: bys queesing human being s an the greit of an inelasticcustium and folseibly herlding them fetd me har enod the lals ofplive in grot
	layer_4: bys queesing human beings an the greap of an ine lastic sistiom and falceibly herlding them fexd we hae ignord the lawse of live ind groaut
	layer_6: by squeaezing human beings in the griap of an inelasthic systiem and farcibly helding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and grouth
	layer_8: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and falcibely hulting them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and grouwth
	layer_10: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly hulting them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and groawth
	layer_12: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly hulting them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and groath

file: 1630-102884-0013.flac
expected: we have forced living souls into a permanent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_2: bhe have forst living sols in toea pomnan pat sivity maten them inkapiber of moiding silconsthencs to tearrle intrancsictdecine and of mas tring theroen detine
	layer_4: we have forcd living sols into a pominand pascivity madteng them in kapavel of moding sicomnsthence to therale intrancsic ecigne and of mastring therown destne
	layer_6: we have forced living sals into a pomanan pascivity madking them incapal of molding cilcumstence to teir ow intranceic de sign and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_8: we have forced living souls into a pomanent pascivity making them incapable of molding cilcumstance to their ow intrinsic de sign and of mastering their own destony
	layer_10: we have forced living souls into a pomenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_12: we have forced living souls into a poemenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny

file: 1630-102884-0014.flac
expected: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this persistent misfortune dogging our steps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_2: as yupifaction has becomso atsilut that be donot ivn relicethat thes pesirstan mits forttoun darking us cheapsfulr atues canno be of mr axidened of histry remo obe oly by inother axiden tfromutside
	layer_4: asktyu pefaction has become so atsilote that we do not even relice that thes posiston misfortun dorging us cheps ful agus cannot be of mr axidenet of histry remo o e only by enother axciden from outside
	layer_6: as tupefactione has become so absolute that we do not iven realice that this posistint misfortune dorging us cheps fur agos cannot be of mere accident of history remoabl only by another accident from outside
	layer_8: ustuifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistant misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be of meure accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_10: our stupifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistent misfortune dogging us teps for ages cannot be of mure accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_12: our stupifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this persistent misfortune dogging us teps for ages cannot be of mure accident of history removable only by another accident from outside

file: 1630-102884-0015.flac
expected: they will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting in freedom's cause
	layer_2: ther el be inkapber of hoiting ar cjhust freedom in parltexs and o fiting indfreed himscaus
	layer_4: thevil be in capaber of holding ar jhust freedom in parlitics and a fiting and freed emscause
	layer_6: there wil be incapabee of holding or just freedom in parlitics and a fighting and freedomscaurs
	layer_8: there will be incapable of holding or just freedom in parlitics and of fighting and freedoms caurse
	layer_10: they will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's course
	layer_12: they will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's course

file: 1630-102884-0016.flac
expected: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_2: i thredpresense ther acto aspectifinothur thitch haster appudansuf fretim but notet trud mand therfor gif srice to slavery thouth wihein ats pountriese an oud sid
	layer_4: it tretpresense the active aspect of enetiure which haster appuren s of freedim but notets trud an thereful gives frice to slavery thought wethen ats pountriys an out side
	layer_6: et trepresens the actie aspect of enurture which haster appurance of friedom but not its truth and therefur gives rice to slavery thouth within its bountres an outside
	layer_8: et represents the active aspect of inertue which has the appurance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery touth within its boundaris and outside
	layer_10: ith represents the active aspect of inertiu which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery thouth within its boundaris and outside
	layer_12: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery thouth within its boundaries and outside

file: 1630-73710-0000.flac
expected: it is at the foot of woman that we lay the laurels that without her smile would never have been gained it is her image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides our brain in the august toils of stately councils
	layer_2: it es at thefot off woman that belad the larstat itthout hers mile would nevbr habein gand it iser immige tat trins telir of the pot that an mead s of waise in the blateh of eli cpenfaction andgite so drean in the al gs toils of tatly conslrds
	layer_4: it is at the foot off woman that be layd the laustat bithout hers mil would never ha been gaint it iser imaged that strings telire of the poit that anmadts of wais in the blazse of elliqenfaction and guide so dran in the algs thoiles of s tately counsels
	layer_6: it is at the foot of woman that be layd the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is o image that s trings telire of the poit that an mades af voice in the blace of alequintfaction and guidesa drain in the ougers toils of tately counses
	layer_8: it is at the foot of woman that we lai the lawrus that without her smile would never have been gained it is a image that strings the lire of the poit that annimates or voice in the blaze of alequint faction and guidesof drain in the augus toils of stately councelrts
	layer_10: it is at the foot of woman that we lai the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is ar image that strings the lire of the poet that annimates our voice in the blaze of aloquent faction and guides a drain in the august toils of stately councels
	layer_12: it is at the foot of woman that we lai the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is ar image that strinks the lire of the poet that animates or voice in the blaze of aloquent faction and guides a drain in the august toils of stately councels

file: 1630-73710-0001.flac
expected: is there no hope for them so full of hope
	layer_2: isdy ne helpe fort themsoefolo help
	layer_4: is tay no hep for them so ful l afe help
	layer_6: as tay no help for them so full of help
	layer_8: is they no help for them so full of help
	layer_10: is they no helpe for them so full of help
	layer_12: is they no helpe for them so full of help

file: 1630-73710-0002.flac
expected: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vicissitudes to the imagination
	layer_2: it meks the hartake but topicchur sutiisisitts to thay inmagination
	layer_4: it meks the hartaue but to picture such recicitields to thay imagination
	layer_6: it meks the heartaghe but to picture such vecissitals to the imagination
	layer_8: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vecicitls to thi imagination
	layer_10: it makes the heartache but to picture such necessitils to their imagination
	layer_12: it makes the heartache but to picture such necessitils to their imagination

file: 1630-73710-0003.flac
expected: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death obscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and tainting the healthy atmosphere of our happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_2: the nolge tat such ghanges cin ar cr flicts overh the mind like the fougt of det e scourring allor ga fanfies bith it s bat like rin and tanding the hellly adneh fer of or hapnes wit its venimos expirations
	layer_4: the nowlige that such changiscin he cu fliks over the mind like the thought of deat it scarring allo ga fanfiee bwith it's bat like wing and canging the helty atni fiar of her hapness bith it's venemous expirations
	layer_6: te knowledge that such changees gan o cur flicts over the mind like the thought of death iatscauring oall aur gav fanphiese with its bat like wing and changing the heldy atnopher of her hapness with its venimous expurations
	layer_8: the knowledge that such changes can occur flicks over the mind like the thought of death tet scouring all our gay fanphies with its bad like wing and changing the healdy atmophere of her happness with its venomous expirations
	layer_10: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death the scouring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her hapness with its venomous expirations
	layer_12: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death the scouring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her hapness with its venomous explirations

file: 1630-73710-0004.flac
expected: mine own
	layer_2: my os
	layer_4: min os
	layer_6: mine ows
	layer_8: mine os
	layer_10: mine ows
	layer_12: mine ows

file: 1630-73710-0005.flac
expected: what did what could you do
	layer_2: mrtted at coty do
	layer_4: mot det at coolt u dome
	layer_6: more dead what couldt you dome
	layer_8: more dead what could you do
	layer_10: more dead what could you do
	layer_12: more dead what could you do

file: 1630-73710-0006.flac
expected: i beat about my chamber like a silly bird in a cage
	layer_2: ' bito bot my chame ber liketa filyd ba in ticae
	layer_4: i bit obout my cham be lke a filly bord in te cage
	layer_6: i bit about my chamber like a fily bord in the cage
	layer_8: i bit about my chamber like a filli bord in the cage
	layer_10: i bit about my chamber like a fily bird in the cage
	layer_12: i bit about my chamber like a fily berd in the cage

file: 1630-73710-0007.flac
expected: do not think of moving to day
	layer_2: do not think of morvin to day
	layer_4: do not think of morvin to day
	layer_6: do not think of moving to day
	layer_8: do not think of moving to day
	layer_10: do not think of moving to day
	layer_12: do not think of moving to day

file: 1630-73710-0008.flac
expected: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_2: to nokeep the maingur an instrnt
	layer_4: to not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_6: to not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_8: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_10: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_12: do not keep the messenger an instant

file: 1630-73710-0009.flac
expected: he is on my pony
	layer_2: she s on my pey
	layer_4: she sont myt po ne
	layer_6: she saund my ponely
	layer_8: sheis on my pony
	layer_10: she is on my pony
	layer_12: she is on my pony

file: 1630-73710-0010.flac
expected: write only one word to your own henrietta
	layer_2: right eon mllee one woard to yor remn hen reter
	layer_4: right o'tly one ward to yer rom hen greitel
	layer_6: rigt only one word to yeour rom hengreatal
	layer_8: wriht only one word to your owmn hengreatel
	layer_10: write only one word to your own hengreatol
	layer_12: write only one word to your own hengreatol

file: 1630-73710-0011.flac
expected: ferdinand to henrietta
	layer_2: fodneant to hen reter
	layer_4: foldnant to hen reater
	layer_6: foldnant to henreter
	layer_8: fuldnant to henreter
	layer_10: foldnant to henreta
	layer_12: fuldnant to henrita

file: 1630-73710-0012.flac
expected: god bless you my henrietta my beloved my matchless henrietta
	layer_2: got less yu my hen reater i beloverd wyn maliss hen greater
	layer_4: got less u my hen reater i belovered bmy masless hen reater
	layer_6: god less you my hen rater mi belovered my machless hen rater
	layer_8: godless you my henreater my belovered my matchless henreator
	layer_10: god bless you my henreiater my beloveed my matchless henreiater
	layer_12: god bless you my henriater my beloved my matchless henreater

file: 1630-73710-0013.flac
expected: what has that separation not cost me
	layer_2: wad his thet hepration not cosme
	layer_4: wot his tat tetpration ot cos me
	layer_6: wouthesdead severation not canst me
	layer_8: whaut has ted sepiration not caste me
	layer_10: what has thad feperation not cast me
	layer_12: what has tad feperation not cast me

file: 1630-73710-0014.flac
expected: pangs that i could not conceive any human misery could occasion
	layer_2: pan tat i could not confive anh huan rihsr cod icaion
	layer_4: pang that i could not confeieve any human rithreecoudecasion
	layer_6: pangs that i could not conive ana human with recould occasion
	layer_8: pangs that i could not conceive any human witre could occasion
	layer_10: pangs that i could not conceive any human witry could occasion
	layer_12: pangs that i could not conceive any human witry could occasion

file: 1630-73710-0015.flac
expected: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_2: and yet i wl to be great fer that he was unin jhrd last nigt
	layer_4: and yet i ouh to be greatful that he was unin jurd last night
	layer_6: and yet i ought to be gratful that he was uningurd last night
	layer_8: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninsured last night
	layer_10: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_12: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night

file: 1630-73710-0016.flac
expected: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_2: i di not now on hou folisha was
	layer_4: i der not now on how folash i was
	layer_6: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_8: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_10: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_12: i dare not now own how foolish i was

file: 1630-73710-0017.flac
expected: do not be angry with your henrietta but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_2: di not be an gree ved ehen ryater but im noe ers abot con eeling al in gacemen trompuper
	layer_4: do not be angre vwith you hendgreater but i'm noeves aboult conceeling ar ingagemen tfrompape
	layer_6: dod not be angry with your hendgriator but i 'm no vois about conceeling er engagement frompepar
	layer_8: do not be angry with your henriator but i am neovos about concealing heur engagement from papa
	layer_10: do not be angry with your henriator but i am nervous about concealing hour engagement from papa
	layer_12: do not be angry with your hengriator but i am nervous about concealing hour engagement from papa

file: 1630-73710-0018.flac
expected: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know ferdinand i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_2: dase muns telaves befor yo canrete pauh and they now fordenent i no your affef ses mor tifficlet theyn yurl confess
	layer_4: days muns the laps before you can reet bouth and thy no fordinent i kno your affe cas more tificlt then ubilkonfss
	layer_6: days must elaps before you can reate bouth and they now fordenant i know your offifces more tifficult than you wil confess
	layer_8: days must elase before you can reath bouth and ti know fordnate i know your officeis more difficulte than you will confess
	layer_10: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know fordnante i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_12: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know fordnante i know your office is more difficult than you will confess

file: 1630-73710-0019.flac
expected: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_2: bhutd comebact my on a loon as hou can and rihte to me at the pel  hafece as yhie setled
	layer_4: but come back my on as soon as he can and righe to me at the pelse hoffice as heu settld
	layer_6: but come back my own as soon as heu can and wrigt to me at the pils chaffice as your settled
	layer_8: but come back my own as soon as he can and write to me at the pelseshaffice as you're settled
	layer_10: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the posth office as you're settled
	layer_12: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the post office as you're settled

file: 1630-73710-0020.flac
expected: the consciousness that you are so near makes me restless
	layer_2: the conciusnesh thatur so knar mixspen resless
	layer_4: the consciusnes that your so nar miks men restless
	layer_6: the consciousness that your so nar miks men restless
	layer_8: the consciousness that youre so near makx me restless
	layer_10: the consciousness that your so near mik me restless
	layer_12: the consciousness that your so near mikxe me restless

file: 1630-73710-0021.flac
expected: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_2: i vis to meet him but thash much comnec a hicancomond
	layer_4: i vish to med him but thas much comness a thican comnd
	layer_6: i wish to meet him but as much comnescs a e can command
	layer_8: i wish to meet him but as much calmness as i can command
	layer_10: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_12: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command

file: 1630-141772-0000.flac
expected: on the pratzen heights where he had fallen with the flagstaff in his hand lay prince andrew bolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_2: on the prads inhites tere he had fallin with the flax sterving his hand laprncs antruablgonsky bleading frofustly and and conchestly utring ha ende piturs and til like mom
	layer_4: on the pradsin highds were he had follin with the flacks stelf ing his hand laronce an trouble k onsky bleading frofusely and und conciusly uttring agendl pitious and chil like mom
	layer_6: on the prat sen hites where he had fallen with the fla scelf in his hand laprince an druble cansky bleeding fro fusely and uncounsciously uttering a gentle peteous and chillike mom
	layer_8: on the ratsen hides where he had fallen with the flag shuff in his hand laprince and rubalkonskiy bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle peeous and chillike mo
	layer_10: on the pratend hites where he had fallen with the flag shaff in his hand laprince and ru bolkonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and child like mom
	layer_12: on the pratzend hites where he had fallen with the flag sarf in his hand laprince and ru bolkonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and child like moam

file: 1630-141772-0001.flac
expected: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_2: sou iny he a gin fel that huous a li and suf tring from a boning lasreating ben in his head
	layer_4: surenly he again felle that hewas alive and suftring from a boning lasreating bain in his head
	layer_6: sorainly he again fell that he was alive and suftering from a burning lat rating bain in his head
	layer_8: surddenly he again fel that he was alive and sufering from a burning latrating ban in his head
	layer_10: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating bain in his head
	layer_12: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating bain in his head

file: 1630-141772-0002.flac
expected: was his first thought
	layer_2: wat his first thout
	layer_4: was his first thought
	layer_6: was his first thought
	layer_8: was his first thought
	layer_10: was his first thought
	layer_12: was his first thought

file: 1630-141772-0003.flac
expected: he feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_2: he febly maed hish lg and arterd ovek se le grown wit err oused hi stoun piti
	layer_4: he fably mod hish leg and uterd of vek sickly growne whith eroused his oun pittyn
	layer_6: he fably mooet his leg and utered a waqu sickly grown which arrowsed his own pity
	layer_8: he fabely mooved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groawn which aroused his own pity
	layer_10: he febly mooved his leg and uttered a weak sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_12: he febly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groawn which aroused his own pity

file: 1630-141772-0004.flac
expected: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_2: life thes young menup and cairy him to the drestinstation
	layer_4: lif thes young men up and carry him to the dressingstation
	layer_6: lift this young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_8: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_10: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_12: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0005.flac
expected: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted onto the stretcher the jolting while being moved and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_2: trentandruy memberd nothing molr he last consiithnistrom the terrabld pen of beinglifted oun to thes treter the dollding wril beeng mod and the plobing of his voon atd the dreatenstation
	layer_4: prin and druwre memberd nothing more he loust consius nestrom the tarible pain of being lifted oun to thestreture the dolting vil being mod and the probing of his woon at the dreasingstation
	layer_6: prin and rew remembered nothing more he losht counsciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted oun to the strechur the jolting while being mood and the probing of his woon at the dressingstation
	layer_8: prince anddrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_10: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_12: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0006.flac
expected: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_2: yorring this transfer he feld a lite's tronger and ws abeel to loook about him and evens pek
	layer_4: uring this transfur he felled a littles tronger and was able to look about him and even'speak
	layer_6: guring this transfer he feld a little s tronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_8: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_10: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_12: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak

file: 1630-141772-0007.flac
expected: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_2: he ast oneing the prisnes
	layer_4: he askt onceing the prisnes
	layer_6: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_8: he asked on seeing the frisoners
	layer_10: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_12: he asked on seeing the prisoners

file: 1630-141772-0008.flac
expected: i commanded a squadron replied repnin
	layer_2: i camarnded s courden tepli t ranen
	layer_4: i commounded is corden treplied ratnin
	layer_6: i commounded his cordron replied retnon
	layer_8: i commanded his cordron replied retnan
	layer_10: i commanded his cordron replied rednan
	layer_12: i commanded his cordron replied rednan

file: 1630-141772-0009.flac
expected: prince repnin named lieutenant sukhtelen
	layer_2: prencrepnen neaned lefternin sutelon
	layer_4: princeerepnan nained lefternen suktellin
	layer_6: princrapnon named letenin sutelen
	layer_8: prince repnan named leftenon suctelen
	layer_10: prince repnen named letenen suctelen
	layer_12: prince repnen named letenen suctelen

file: 1630-141772-0010.flac
expected: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_2: aftilooking at him nipolinsmild
	layer_4: after looking a him nepoliin smild
	layer_6: after looking it him nipolan smild
	layer_8: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_10: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_12: after looking at him napoleon smiled

file: 1630-141772-0011.flac
expected: youth is no hindrance to courage muttered sukhtelen in a failing voice
	layer_2: youd as no hntrans to caridge materd totellen in ifaling wice
	layer_4: you thes no hintrance to carage materd soktellen in i failing vice
	layer_6: you tes new hindranse to curage matered suctellen in a failing vice
	layer_8: you de's new hindrance to couriage muttered suc tellen in a failing voice
	layer_10: you te's new hindrance to courage muttered thutelen in a failing voice
	layer_12: you thu's new hindrance to courage muttered thuctellen in a failing voice

file: 1630-141772-0012.flac
expected: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_2: a s plandedrefly said tni polin
	layer_4: a splanded rely said ne palin
	layer_6: a splendid rely said nepolin
	layer_8: a splendid reply said nipolin
	layer_10: a splendid reply said napolion
	layer_12: a splendid reply said napoleon

file: 1630-141772-0013.flac
expected: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_2: prrn sandr whed ole thu ben braogt forvert before the empetersice to compleeade the shol oftrisnes cod not felto ittractife ittention
	layer_4: pron sandrou whad oll tu beeng brought forwer before the emperersise to compled the show of risnes couod not fail to attractise ittention
	layer_6: prin sandrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor'se yse to complete the show of brisners could not fail to attracthis attention
	layer_8: princandrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyse to complete the show of brisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_10: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_12: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention

file: 1630-141772-0014.flac
expected: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_2: his fate shon wit el fitifaction and lasur
	layer_4: heis face showne with sellethefaction and plajure
	layer_6: his face shouwn with sel satifaction and pleasure
	layer_8: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_10: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_12: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure

file: 1630-141772-0015.flac
expected: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_2: the sosjers we caryd trrnsandr had notest antaken the lite goled ycon trencers mary had hung rown her brthers nik but seeng the fabre the amporarshod thefrisners the  know hasend to retuned the holy inich
	layer_4: the solgers wed carrie frincandrow had notes and caken the little gold y con trinces mary had hung rown her brother's neck but seeing the faver the empra showed the prisiners their now hasent to return the holy image
	layer_6: the soldiers whwe had carried frince androew had noticed and taken the little gold eye con trincers mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperoer showed the prisoners there know hazened to returned the wholy image
	layer_8: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eyecon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_10: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eicorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners theye now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_12: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eycorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners theye now hastened to return the holy image

file: 1630-141772-0016.flac
expected: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_2: brence anrua did not se ow in by hom itusreplacsd but the lite i con with its then god chane sadinly aperd apon his chest o sied his younform
	layer_4: prince antdruw dit not seea how in by whom it esreplast but the little i con with its fin gold chain surinly appeared upon his chest out side his yunform
	layer_6: prince and drue did not see how in by whom it was replaced but the little eye cown with its sfin gold chain suingly appeared upon his chest outside his unform
	layer_8: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eye con with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_10: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyegon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_12: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyegon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform

file: 1630-141772-0017.flac
expected: how good it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_2: howr gooditherd be to no vher to see or heal in this lafe and rat eexpic aftert be yond the grei
	layer_4: how good it hred be to no vere to seek fur heal in the s life and walhto expecd after t beyond the gra
	layer_6: how good it had be to know vere to seek forhelp in this life and walht to expect after it beyond the gree
	layer_8: how good it ad be to know where to seek for help in this life and whaht to expect after it beyond the gre
	layer_10: how goold it hd be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_12: how good it ud be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave

file: 1630-141772-0018.flac
expected: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_2: ow hap pe in ca y should be if i good nowse lord have mot e on me
	layer_4: how happe an cam i should be if i good nowsy lod have mosy on me
	layer_6: how happy and calme i should be if i good now sa lod have methy on me
	layer_8: how happy and calm i should be if i could now sea lord have merchy on me
	layer_10: how happy and calm i should be if i could now seay lord have mercy on me
	layer_12: how happy and calm i should be if i could now seay lord have mercy on me

file: 1630-141772-0019.flac
expected: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sewn into this amulet by mary
	layer_2: i ther twea bol indefinabl in com berhansobe whuch i kno tonlycanot idtresce beuet wi a cannont evan extress in words the great ald or notting saic he to himself arh to dat gard who hasbeen sone into his ammelit by mary
	layer_4: ither twa po indefinabe in comeblehendsible whuch i nowtunly cannoed atd tress but which i cano even express in wods the great al or noshing sad he to him self olh to that god who has been sol into this amulet by mary
	layer_6: ither toapow indifinable in complehendsible which i now tunly cannoed attresst but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been so into this amulate by mary
	layer_8: either to apow indefinable in comprehensible which i not only cannot adtress but which i cannot even express in words the great oll or nothing said he to himself ough to that god who has been sol into this amulete by mary
	layer_10: either to abow indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot adtress but which i cannot even express ing words the great oll or nothing said he to himself orh to that god who hash been sol into this amulete by mary
	layer_12: either to ebow indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot adtress but which i cannot even express ing words the great oall or nothing said he to himself orh to that god who has been sole into this amulete by mary

file: 1630-141772-0020.flac
expected: the stretchers moved on
	layer_2: thes traters modon
	layer_4: thi s traters modon
	layer_6: the stracers mod on
	layer_8: the straitors moed on
	layer_10: the straiters moved on
	layer_12: the straiters moved on

file: 1630-141772-0021.flac
expected: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_2: the quit hom life and peacefl happiness of bod heils presended it selt to him
	layer_4: the quite home life and pieceful happiness of bol hils presended it self to him
	layer_6: the quiet home life and peceful happiness of ball hils presended itself to him
	layer_8: the quiet home life and peacful happiness of bal hills presented itself to him
	layer_10: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of boldhills presented itself to him
	layer_12: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him

file: 1630-141772-0022.flac
expected: he is a nervous bilious subject said larrey and will not recover
	layer_2: ke i e nevars pelioa subjit sid lariy and te lot ry cover
	layer_4: key f the nevers pilia subjit said lary and whe loutre cover
	layer_6: key is the nervous billia subject said lary and wi latrecover
	layer_8: key is a nervous bilior subject said lari and will not recover
	layer_10: key is a nervous biliou subject said lari and will not recover
	layer_12: key is a nervous biliou subject said lari and will not recover

file: 1630-96099-0000.flac
expected: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_2: that too ser you ril of cote un to take
	layer_4: that too sr you ril of cos an to take
	layer_6: that to so you will ovf cose unter take
	layer_8: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_10: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_12: that too sir you will of course undertake

file: 1630-96099-0001.flac
expected: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_2: thin something havs hapan e has somspeial in fimation some greate nus
	layer_4: then something has happined he hads som speciale infirmation some great news
	layer_6: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_8: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_10: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_12: then something has happened he has some special information some great news

file: 1630-96099-0002.flac
expected: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_2: wen blaki  rd it us aveden that somephing had gond rong witth him
	layer_4: when blackipyard it was evedin hat something had goned rong with him
	layer_6: when block ippeared it was ebdent that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_8: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_10: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_12: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him

file: 1630-96099-0003.flac
expected: gone now just when we most want him never
	layer_2: gon now jisen he most wand him neeer
	layer_4: gone now jusfen he most warned him never
	layer_6: gone now just wintd he most warnd him never
	layer_8: gone now just when e most warned him never
	layer_10: gone now just when we most warned him never
	layer_12: gone now just when we most warned him never

file: 1630-96099-0004.flac
expected: idiot triple idiot
	layer_2: etrd trpe eitrt
	layer_4: eideat tripl itat
	layer_6: ediat triple ediat
	layer_8: ediot triple ediot
	layer_10: ediot triple ediot
	layer_12: ediot triple ediot

file: 1630-96099-0005.flac
expected: you shall be dismissed discharged from this hour you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_2: you shald be dis minst dis charts from the sar yout a dis crase to the forse
	layer_4: you shll be dismist dis charts from the sa you hd a discrace to the forse
	layer_6: you shall be dismissed discharce from the sar your a discrase to the force
	layer_8: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sar you're a disgrace to the force
	layer_10: you shall be dismissed discharged from the car you're a discrace to the force
	layer_12: you shall be dismissed discharged from the car you're a discrace to the force

file: 1630-96099-0006.flac
expected: it is that or your great gluttony
	layer_2: it es that ar you great glutome
	layer_4: it is that or you great glot me
	layer_6: it is that or you great glod me
	layer_8: it is that or your great glot me
	layer_10: it is that or your great glod my
	layer_12: it is that or your great glod my

file: 1630-96099-0007.flac
expected: my gentleman made himself most pleasant
	layer_2: my tentl min made himsers nis tleasened
	layer_4: my centle en nad himses nosttleasant
	layer_6: my gentleman made himseles no sleasant
	layer_8: my gentleman made himself no spleasant
	layer_10: my gentleman made himself no pleasant
	layer_12: my gentlemen made himself no pleasant

file: 1630-96099-0008.flac
expected: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_2: berlat any rae for my shin axcetred
	layer_4: belet any rat for my sinsi cceted
	layer_6: bell at any ratd for my since i acceted
	layer_8: bell at any rae for my since i accepted
	layer_10: bell at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_12: bell at any rate for my sins i accepted

file: 1630-96099-0009.flac
expected: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited friends you know it perhaps monsieur
	layer_2: we antered the fors restraond that of the reani to trendse iknewi behabsmess ir
	layer_4: we entered the firs restrond that of the reinighto trence iknow it pehapes myssir
	layer_6: we entered the first restront that of the re nite trends e knew it pulhaps mesieer
	layer_8: we entered the first resturant that of the reunited trenths yeu knew it perhaps messer
	layer_10: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trents yeu knew it perhaps messer
	layer_12: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trents ye knew it perhaps mess er

file: 1630-96099-0010.flac
expected: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn
	layer_2: i had no feare of him not tol the verrly last when he plad me thef eabe ton
	layer_4: i had no fere of himt not till lthe verly las when he plae me thof eble tone
	layer_6: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he plade me thef eble torne
	layer_8: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the fevile turn
	layer_10: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the fevil turn
	layer_12: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the fevil turn

file: 1630-96099-0011.flac
expected: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was stuffed full monsieur i saw that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and paid with an italian bank note
	layer_2: i suspected nothing manhy brut oud his pocke bok it was tuft f mess iar i ou thad and wy contioncsing creased col for the rakening and pabeird than etallin band novt
	layer_4: i suspectrd nothing wen hy brought out his pocket book it was tafd ful the mess iee i though that and my contioncing creasd cal for the reckning and pabvet than itarlin bannod
	layer_6: i uspected nothing when he brought out his packet book it was tuged for the messiere i thowh that and my contance increased call for the wreckoning and pab it tan etarlin bannoed
	layer_8: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tughed for the messer i thowh that and my conftrence increased calle for the reckoning and pay it than italan bank not
	layer_10: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was toughed for the messer i thowht that and my consfience increased called for the reckoning and pay with an italian bank note
	layer_12: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was toughed for the messur i thowht that and my consfience increased called for the reckoning and pay with an italian bank note

file: 1630-96099-0012.flac
expected: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_2: excused be one momnd prey
	layer_4: excus bme one noment pra
	layer_6: excuse me one noment prey
	layer_8: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_10: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_12: excuse me one moment pray

file: 1630-96099-0013.flac
expected: he went out monsieur and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_2: he bentodme ie and pif paefhe was no mar to be seen
	layer_4: he tent out meh hieer and pif af he was no more to be seen
	layer_6: he ent out meher and piffh baff he was no more to be seen
	layer_8: he went out metsher and piff ah he was no more to be seen
	layer_10: he bent out methieer and piff pat he was no more to be seen
	layer_12: he bent out methier and piff paf he was no more to be seen

file: 1630-96099-0014.flac
expected: why let him out of your sight
	layer_2: wy lethm out of e sit
	layer_4: why let him out of hesit
	layer_6: why let him out of hi sigt
	layer_8: wy let him out of his sight
	layer_10: why let him out of his sight
	layer_12: why let him out of his sight

file: 1630-96099-0015.flac
expected: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the italian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_2: it was on ly know at the lebeen thar that thi talyn had becom incal patert and the curestion of his possibl anitetorascep had never beng concidurt
	layer_4: it was only know at the leven tha that the dirlin had become incl pated and the crestion of his possible anied yto hes gape had never been considert
	layer_6: it was only now at the leven thou that they tarlin had become incalpated and the cuestion of his possible anxietydto escape had never been considout
	layer_8: it was only now at the leventh a that the taline had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_10: it was only now at the leventh ar that the italin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_12: it was only now at the leventh ar that the talin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered

file: 1630-96099-0016.flac
expected: he left everything behind
	layer_2: she leve everesing behind
	layer_4: he left evereting behind
	layer_6: he left everything behind
	layer_8: he left everything behind
	layer_10: he left everything behind
	layer_12: she left everything behind

file: 1630-96099-0017.flac
expected: hand it me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_2: handed to me said the chief and wrena gameinto his hancs he began teor tn over the lih hulidly
	layer_4: handid to me said the chif and wenat came into his hands he becan totern over the lieavets horedly
	layer_6: handid to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the lafs hor riedly
	layer_8: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly
	layer_10: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly
	layer_12: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly

file: 1630-96099-0018.flac
expected: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_2: i to not aun dis tand not mor than a wordt herd in ther
	layer_4: i to not aund distand not more then a word herein there
	layer_6: i do not understand not more than a word here an there
	layer_8: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_10: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_12: i do not understand not more than a word here and there

file: 1630-96099-0019.flac
expected: it is no doubt italian
	layer_2: it is no doute tallin
	layer_4: it is no doult y talliim
	layer_6: it is no doultytallin
	layer_8: it is no doubtitalin
	layer_10: it is no doubht italian
	layer_12: it is no doubht italian

file: 1630-96099-0020.flac
expected: of course such a consummate ass as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_2: of gou suct e consim it asas hyou have rud iyurself would not thin of soching theres tran othe imeedit na behoad r of making inquiry s as to vether he had been seen wor as to rich wear he had gon
	layer_4: of co such a cun simite as as you have prud ioarself would not think of surching the res trand or the immdid nagberhot or of making en quiries has to veather he had been seen or as yo wrich were he had gon
	layer_6: of co such a consimite as as you have prude yourself would not think of searching the restron or the immed it neighbourhod or of making inquiries as to vether he had been seen or as to which where he had gone
	layer_8: of course such a consimate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the resturant or the immediate neighbourhod or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which where he had gone
	layer_10: of course such a consimate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which were he had gone
	layer_12: of course such a consimate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which were he had gone

file: 1630-96099-0021.flac
expected: it was a note for a hundred lire a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs hah
	layer_2: it was e not forta hundred he learrer e hurndtred frans and the rets tron bill wrst now mored an ermindeen frans her
	layer_4: it was he not for ha hundred learrer a hurnred frangs and the rethtron balast no more than sementeen frans haw
	layer_6: it was a note for a hundred lirer a hundred frangs and the restron belas no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_8: it was a note for a hundred lerer a hundred francs and the wrestauran belost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_10: it was a note for a hundred lere a hundred francs and the restauranbill lost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_12: it was a note for a hundred leire a hundred francs and the restaurunbill lost no more than seventeen francs ha

file: 1630-96099-0022.flac
expected: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_2: he wals much prest in a grat hourry
	layer_4: he was much presst in a great hourry
	layer_6: he was much bressed in a great horry
	layer_8: he was much bresed in a great hurry
	layer_10: he was much presd in a great hurry
	layer_12: he was much presd in a great hurry

file: 1630-96099-0023.flac
expected: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was stopped the devil
	layer_2: directle he crath the thrasheld he caorlie the fors cad and was drine neley but he was that the dever
	layer_4: derectly he croth the threshelt he callld the firs cap and was drimve ngovy but he was taped the devl
	layer_6: directly he crashed the thresheut he called the first cap and was driving avway but he was tapped the dever
	layer_8: directly he crashed the thresholt he called the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the devil
	layer_10: directly he crasped the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was toped the devil
	layer_12: directly he crasped the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was torped the devil

file: 1630-96099-0024.flac
expected: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_2: che wished o par son to liave her she would not con tend then they bote garting to the cap and idrevenory togader
	layer_4: ciwished to parson to leave her she would not con ent then they both gard ingto the cap and wet riven of i together
	layer_6: cewishe to parson to leave her she would not conend than they both god into the cap and wich reven of itogether
	layer_8: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and wereh driven o at together
	layer_10: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_12: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together

file: 4572-64670-0000.flac
expected: but this thy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest threatening rama good and great ill thoughts thy journey stimulate
	layer_2: but tis sty hosed so whie dis preat wakes in me heart on dout and drard lest tritining rar ma godend crat iltartsti jarn is timmll ait
	layer_4: but dis ti hosd so wide dispread wakes in my heart ane doubt and rad lest tridening rarma good and grad il tarts di jahnis timal atd
	layer_6: but dis  i host so wide dispread waks in my heart ane dout and dred lest tratening rama good and grat ill tarts di johny's timol aigt
	layer_8: but tis  i host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest tretening rama good and great illt art's dijony's timl aight
	layer_10: but dis di host so wide dispread wakes in my heart won doubt and dread lest treadening rama good and great ill tarts dijoni's timml eight
	layer_12: but dis di host so wide dispread wakes in my heart won doubt and dread lest treadening rama good and great ill tearts dijoni's timol eight

file: 4572-64670-0001.flac
expected: he is my eldest brother he is like a father dear to me
	layer_2: he is my ellest prader he is lake afardrt e ar to me
	layer_4: he is my eldest prader he is like i  fidat e ar to me
	layer_6: he is my eldest brader he is like a fidert hear to me
	layer_8: he is my eldest browde he is like a fatheat er to me
	layer_10: he is my eldest broder he is like a father ad r to me
	layer_12: he is my eldest broder he is like a father ad e to me

file: 4572-64670-0002.flac
expected: i go to lead my brother thence who makes the wood his residence
	layer_2: i co o led my brad ar dans ho maket o ard his rescidens
	layer_4: i co to lead my broad or dence who makes awad his recedens
	layer_6: i co to lead my broad or dence who makes eward his recidencs
	layer_8: i go to lead my brod ordence who makes awrd his recidence
	layer_10: i go to lead my brod o dance who makes toward his recidence
	layer_12: i go to lead my brot or dance who makes toward his recidence

file: 4572-64670-0003.flac
expected: no thought but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim
	layer_2: notard but disti heard should ram tie simpedruld my lepesprockaym
	layer_4: no tard but disti heard should frame the simpetrut my leps prockame
	layer_6: no tart but disdi heart should fram the simple trute my leaps brockain
	layer_8: no tart but this dy heart should frame this simple trut my laps brocklain
	layer_10: no toart but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips broklane
	layer_12: no toart but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips broklane

file: 4572-64670-0004.flac
expected: as guha thus and bharat each to other spoke in friendly speech the day god sank with glory dead and night o'er all the sky was spread
	layer_2: as goo ha dors and vart eage to aders poke in prenles page the day e ot sankuit glowy dad and nit ofe all tes ky was praird
	layer_4: as go her ders and vorat eacge to arders poke in frendlespge the day gart sankquit glory dead and night ofer all thes ky was prad
	layer_6: as go hadus and voret each to arders poke in friendles spighe the day guard sankquit glowry dead and nighet over all the skyh was praed
	layer_8: as guhadezs and woret each to aderspoke in friendless pigh the dagad sankuit glory dead and night over all the sky was pread
	layer_10: as guhadaz and vorret each to ader spoke in friendless pach the degard sankwit glory dead and night over all the sky was praied
	layer_12: as guhadaz and voret each to ader spoke in friendless pach the degad sankuit glory dead and night over all the sky was praed

file: 4572-64670-0005.flac
expected: soon as king guha's thoughtful care had quartered all the army there well honoured bharat laid his head beside satrughna on a bed
	layer_2: sun as king o has talt cl car hadt quaut at all the arme daar whell honad wareot lade hise heat besit setrukene on abed
	layer_4: son as king o has tatful car had quat at all the armedar well honud wha ot laivd his heard besite satrokne hon abed
	layer_6: soon as king ho has taugtful care had quart at all the armider well honared wireot laid his head beside se rugna on a bed
	layer_8: soon as kinguhas toughtful care had quart at all the armider well honored worleut laid his head beside satrugna on a bed
	layer_10: soon as kingguhas thoughtful care had caurt at all the armidar well honoured warit laid his head beside satrugna on a bed
	layer_12: soon as kingguhas thoughtful care had caurt at all the armidere well honoured warot laid his head beside satrugna on a bed

file: 4572-64670-0006.flac
expected: thus sighing and distressed in misery and bitter grief with fevered heart that mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mourned and found no rest
	layer_2: thou sygng and dhistrest and misery and betegreve wout fe wuld heart dat mokdrelve thistrectat in his mind the che stil mand and found norerst
	layer_4: thur syging and this tresst and misery and bea tergrive wird fewuld heart dad marlked relive thistrected in his mind the chea steillmond and found no resd
	layer_6: thurs syghing and this trest and misery and bt a greve woild fewourd heart dead marked relieve this tracted in his mind the chief still moned and found no reast
	layer_8: thur sighing and distrestd ind misery and beat e grief with fewured heart dead mocked relief thi straced in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_10: thurs sighing and distreset in misery and beat er grief with feverd heart dead mocked relief distrackred in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_12: thurs sighing and distressed in misery and beater grief with fevered heart dead mocked relief distracked in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest

file: 4572-64670-0007.flac
expected: rest duteous minded i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than raghu's son
	layer_2: hresd dityus midet i  l kep my wach whll rormyr leys esleea for into who whid ad is nan dera to me thand regoo son
	layer_4: rest detius mnd it iol keep my wach while ramor lis aslee for in the hole wh de ald is non deara to met and reggo son
	layer_6: rest dityas mind id i oll keep my watch while rauma lies asleap for in the hole wie wald is none dearr to me thand raggo son
	layer_8: rest ditias mind it i ill keep my watch while ramar lies asleep for in the whole wide warld is none dearer to me thand ragou son
	layer_10: rest ditias mind it i ill keep my watch while ramar lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragu san
	layer_12: rest ditias mind it i will keep my watch while rammar lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragus san

file: 4572-64670-0008.flac
expected: harbour no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be thrown great store of merit shall i gain and duteous form no wish in vain
	layer_2: hearbeno doud ougelus fer ispe dett wi tats ncsear fourl fronagres whis he has shom whelle glowry on my nae betro greats to o marra chall igam andutius foirl nawish in ve
	layer_4: har be no douwd or gellos fear i speak detrut ard hards in cer for from agras whoihs he has shome will  glowry on my na be troe greattor o marit shall i game and dutius form no wish in v
	layer_6: haby no doubt or jealous fer i speak the trut wit harts inser for from the greee whics he has shone will gloery on my name betrone great tor of marrid shall i gan and dutius form no wish in van
	layer_8: harber no doubt or jealous fear i speak the trut with hart sincere for from the grecs which he has shown willt glory on my name betrown great store of marrige shall i gaim and dutius form no wish in vain
	layer_10: harber no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth wich heart sincere for from the grace which he hash shown will t glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gain and dutious form no wish in vain
	layer_12: harber no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth wich heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gain and dutious form no wish in vain

file: 4572-64670-0009.flac
expected: let me enforced by many a row of followers armed with shaft and bow for well loved rama's weal provide who lies asleep by sita's side
	layer_2: tlhat me an faused by manyaro a foreuwors arbo shaft nd bo for wellaf bro mos wo proid whor lize eslee by se du sid
	layer_4: lat me an fased by maynyaro ar foluors arblered shaft and bo for well af ramauswe al proide who lizesleep by seeder sid
	layer_6: let me unfoarsed by many ro oure followers arbloud sheft and beow for well a ramas wal propide who lizeesleep by seateur' side
	layer_8: let me unforced by many row our followers arbord shaft and bow for well of rama's whal provfied who lies asleep by satur's side
	layer_10: let me unforced by many a row our followers arbord shaft and bow for well e brama'swal provid who lies asleep by seatar's side
	layer_12: let me unforced by many a row our followers arboort shaft and bow for well ef rama'swale provide who lies asleep by seatar's side

file: 4572-64670-0010.flac
expected: with words like these i spoke designed to move the high souled bharat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his persuasive argument o how can slumber close mine eyes when lowly couched with sita lies the royal rama
	layer_2: wit wat lakedees is poke doind imove to hi sold virats mnd but he apon hist utypent plied his purslers of argamont o hol counslom bu los myd is whel lownly coud edtoid see t ar lis de rol ramer
	layer_4: witwalds likedese i s poke designd timoved to hig sold vor at's miend but he uppon his duty bend plied his parsuous if argomand oh hol coun elum but glose my  eys wheln lownly coudedtoit seatar lis darroil rama
	layer_6: wit walt like dease i spoke designed to moved he hig sold vorat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his parsueusif argoament oh how cont slumbar close my eyes whone lowly cous to it seatou lies daroyaldrama
	layer_8: wit walts like these i spoke designed to move the higsould vorret's mind but he upon his duty bend plied his parsuesive argument oh how can slumbere close mie eyes whone lowly couch to it seat our lies deroyal rama
	layer_10: whit walts like these i spoke designed to move te highsold vorrit's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his parsuesive argument oh how can slumber close mi eyes one lowly couch to ic seat our lies de royal drama
	layer_12: wit walts like these i spoke designed to move te highsoled vorrit's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his parsuessive argument oh how can slumber close my eyes one lowly couch o icseat our lies de royal drama

file: 4572-64670-0011.flac
expected: he whom no mighty demon no nor heavenly god can overthrow see guha how he lies alas with sita couched on gathered grass
	layer_2: he ho no my toteeman now no haveenlagart gand ovetrow seego her holl he lis alas would seeter coughed on gatet craus
	layer_4: he home no my to teeman now no have anly gart kand overtro see goo her how he lise alas wuld seater coulghed on gatet crous
	layer_6: he home no my teteamo now no havenly guard can overtro see go her how he liezs a las woitd ceater coughed on gaded trous
	layer_8: he home no my tedeeman now nor havn ly guard can overtrow see guha how he lies alas with ctar couched on gaded tras
	layer_10: he whome no myty deeman now nor heavenly guard can overtrow see guha how he lies alas with citar couched on gathered tras
	layer_12: he whom no mity deeman now nor heavenly guard can overtrow see guha how he lies alas with citar couched on gathered traus

file: 4572-64670-0012.flac
expected: now as his son is forced to fly the king ere long will surely die reft of his guardian hand forlorn in widowed grief this land will mourn
	layer_2: now as is sn his fas t o fl tha king el long wit solydy hraft of his gugin hound for lan ino doo gree dis launded man
	layer_4: now as its son his false to fly the king e long wil syoly ti raft of his gudgin hound foarlan in odyou greef this loundwe maln
	layer_6: now as his sun his false to fly the king eir long will seorly tie reft of his gurdge in hand for larn inuldiart grief this land wil ma
	layer_8: now as his son is false to fly the king relong will seoli ti reft of his gudgen hand forlon in udioad grief this land will mar
	layer_10: now as his son is false to fly the king erlong will siolitie reft of his gudgein hand forlong in udiot grief this land will morn
	layer_12: now as his son is false to fly the king erlong will siolitie reft of his gudgein hand forlong in udiot grief this land will morn

file: 4572-64670-0013.flac
expected: but ah for sad kausalya how fare she and mine own mother now how fares the king
	layer_2: but a ar saetcosh ol ya how ere she and my o mderd now how fes o king
	layer_4: but arh fa set coshilliar how fire she and my od maderd now how fairs te king
	layer_6: but ah for said caciellia how faire she and min owde madder now how fairs the king
	layer_8: but ah for said couchelia how fare she and mine own mader now how fais the king
	layer_10: but ah for said coshela how fare she and mine own marder now how fai is the king
	layer_12: but ah for said coshelia how fare she and mine own marder now how fai is the king

file: 4572-64670-0014.flac
expected: with hopes upon satrughna set my mother may survive as yet but the sad queen will die who bore the hero for her grief is sore
	layer_2: i topes uppen setruk neset my mader missir vy basiet but de sat cuenul dy who br to heror for ha gry  is s
	layer_4: oihopes upan set rukgne set my mader missar vy besiet but tde sat queneul di who bor to hero for har gry his sa
	layer_6: oit hopes up on set rugna set my mader mis ar vi besiyet but the sait couanul die who bor te herar for her grief is saw
	layer_8: o it hopes up an set ruguna set my mater missar vibesiyet but the sat coenul die who bore de her for her grief is so
	layer_10: it hopes up and set rugnaset my mater monsar vibas yet but the sat coenul di who bore te hero for her grief is sor
	layer_12: it hopes up and set rugnaset my mater mosar vibes yet but the sat coenul di who bore te hero for her grief is sore

file: 4572-64670-0015.flac
expected: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_2: tolay to king wil cry and conkod by his misery d
	layer_4: to lay ta king wil cry and conqod by his misery di
	layer_6: to late a king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_8: to late e king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_10: too late a king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_12: too late a king will cry and conquered by his misery die

file: 4572-64670-0016.flac
expected: when fate has brought the mournful day which sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are they allowed his funeral rites to pay
	layer_2: when fate has brot domonpul day whoudh seese my fadu passoway ow happe indellives ouday alout his fenara rits to pay
	layer_4: when fait has brouhd emonful day who id seese my fader passerway how happy indelives arday aloud his finer al rights to pay
	layer_6: when fad has brought emounful day who itd seeize my father pass away how happy in delives or day alloud his fener al rigts to pay
	layer_8: when fate has brought the mountful day who hi sees my father pass away how happy in ther lifes are day alowd his fheneral rigts to pay
	layer_10: when fate has brought the mournful day whoit sees my father pass away how happy in their lifes are day allowed his feneral rightes to pay
	layer_12: when fate has brought the mournful day whoit sees my father pass away how happy in tei lifes are day allowed his feneral rihtes to pay

file: 4572-64670-0017.flac
expected: thus bharat stood with many a sigh lamenting and the night went by
	layer_2: thes hhorit stodit manyesy l ameanting and e ni twent b
	layer_4: toes te hor it stoold wit manyasigh l amonting and i nighe twent by
	layer_6: tdoes he horit stole witch many asigh lamenting and  nigh twent by
	layer_8: does the horrad stoold with many a si lamenting andh night went by
	layer_10: does the horrad stool with many a sih lamenting and te night went by
	layer_12: does the horrad stool with many a sie lamenting and the night went by

file: 4572-64670-0018.flac
expected: when guha saw the long armed chief whose eye was like a lotus leaf with lion shoulders strong and fair high mettled prostrate in despair pale bitterly afflicted he reeled as in earthquake reels a tree
	layer_2: when goo her sald a long amb ceave os i was like alodos leve wrt lin sholder schang and far hi mattert prostretin dispar peal betarlyaf lictat he rel es an artquak reals itre
	layer_4: when go her sod a long aume chive os eye was like a loders leve wart line shoulde schong and fair high matteld prostratd in dispair pale betarly a flict ed he realdas in art quake reals attre
	layer_6: when go her sow a long arm chief whose eye was like a lodoeus lafe wha  liane shoulders trong and fair high matteld prostrate in despair pale betarlia flicted he realed as in art quake real's etre
	layer_8: when guha sawed ha long arme chief whose eye was like a lodos leave wot lion shoulders strong and fair high mattledto prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he realed as an artquake rel's etre
	layer_10: when guha saw the long arm chief whose eye was like a lodous leafe wit lion shoulder strong and fair high mattledto prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake rel's etri
	layer_12: when guha saw the long arm chief whose eye was like a lodous leaf wit lion shoulder strong and fair high mattled prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reel's etre

file: 4572-64670-0019.flac
expected: kausalya by her woe oppressed the senseless bharat's limbs caressed as a fond cow in love and fear caresses oft her youngling dear then yielding to her woe she said weeping and sore disquieted what torments o my son are these of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_2: co shlliar by how wor or presd the sensles boritsl n scaroest as i fon cow itleloven ear carrous as alfe t younglingder tenyalding to ho war she seit woping and sare disquitet what tamence o my son udes ofsuten pane all sweifed doss
	layer_4: coshallia by how war o pressd the senseless voritsl ans caresd as i fon cow intle loven fer carassas olf tir youngling der denyalding to horwar she sad oiping and saw disquitded what tarmentse o my sun udes afhsuddin pain ar swift desas
	layer_6: caurcilia by how war oppressed the senseless verotslinscaressetd as i font cow intalovan fer carasses aftr youngling der denialding to he war she said woeping and saw disquite id what tarmants o my son aurdes af suden pain ar swift diseas
	layer_8: carshelia by her war oppressed the senseless veratslins caressed as if fon cow in love and fear caresses afd her youngling der denilding to hewar she said weeping and sor disquited what tarmants or my son ardes of sudden pain ore swift disease
	layer_10: carshelia by her war oppressed the senseless vurats lins caressed as af on cow in love and fear caresses aft her yungling der dennylding to hawar she said weeping and sore disquited what tarmants of my son ardes of sudden pain our swift disease
	layer_12: carshelia by her war oppressed the senseless verets lins caressed as if ond cow in love and fear carresses aft her yungling der genielding to havar she said weeping and sore disquieted what tarmants of my son ardes af sudden pain our swift disease

file: 4572-64670-0020.flac
expected: the lives of us and all the line depend dear child on only thine
	layer_2: te lifes of arsan all de line the paun de chid arn on ly dim
	layer_4: de lifes of as and all eline the pan derchild orn ongly din
	layer_6: te lifes of us and all theline the pan der child arn only din
	layer_8: the lifes of us and all the line the pan der child aren only din
	layer_10: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child ore nonly dying
	layer_12: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child oure nonly dying

file: 4572-64670-0021.flac
expected: rama and lakshman forced to flee i live by naught but seeing thee for as the king has past away thou art my only help to day
	layer_2: ro my luchmen foars to fley i le by not but seen d fois e king has past heray dol art my aly houpto day
	layer_4: romy lucman faurse to fley i lea by not but seeing dee for as te king has passt heway toul art my ally houp o day
	layer_6: rau my luxman force to flee i lea by not but seeing dee for as the king has passed a way toll art my only help to day
	layer_8: rau myn luchman force to flee i leave by nat but seeing dee for as the king has passed away tou art my only help to day
	layer_10: romi lucshman force to flee i leav by naught but seeing dee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day
	layer_12: roumi lucshman force to flee i leave by naught but seeing dee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day

file: 4572-64670-0022.flac
expected: show me the couch whereon he lay tell me the food he ate i pray
	layer_2: sholl me t a cowse wheran hilay telle men e ford he eit i pra
	layer_4: shal ment to couls where arn her lay tell men a ford he eigt i pray
	layer_6: show me te cows where arn he lay tell me ta ford he ate i pray
	layer_8: show me the cows where aun he lay tell me tha forthe agte i pray
	layer_10: show me the cows where aun he lay tell me that fore eight i pray
	layer_12: show me the cows where aun he lay tell me that fourte eight i pray

file: 4572-64670-0023.flac
expected: then calm and still absorbed in thought he drank the water lakshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spouse
	layer_2: thend carmen stel ab jalld in tart he dranc t e water luchpan brat and tet abedien to his bows he fasted with his entlf spous
	layer_4: then camens thel efbjalved in tart he drancdt e watter luctiman broaut and ten abedient to his vous he fested with his zentle spous
	layer_6: then calmmon'steel ebjorved in tart he dranked a water luxmant braht an ten obedient to his vows he fasted with his zentle spows
	layer_8: then calm anstel abgowved in tat he dranked a water luchman broaught anden obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spowes
	layer_10: then calmand steel ebjolved in tart he drank the water lucshman brought anden obedient to his vows he fastered with his gentle spows
	layer_12: then calmand steel ebjolved in tart he drank ta water lucshman brought anden obedient to his vows he fastered with his gentle spows

file: 4572-64670-0024.flac
expected: here stands the tree which lent them shade here is the grass beneath it laid where rama and his consort spent the night together ere they went
	layer_2: he ustanst a tre whitdhs lame them shade he asedegrosse beenit it la where romy and his couns otd spent do night to gader ar e went
	layer_4: he estanse ta tree wohichs land them shade he es egrass ben it it lade where ramy and his conseotd spent de night togader are ewent
	layer_6: he astandsd a tree whid s leand tem shade he ar izd hegrass vinit it lad where rama and his consospent te night to geter are de went
	layer_8: heastands tha tree which lean them shadhe here iz dhegrass vinit it laid where rama and his consolt spent te night to gether ere the went
	layer_10: here stands the tree which lemt them shade here iz de grass vinnet it laid where rama and his consolt spent te night together ere they went
	layer_12: here stands the tree which lemt them shade here isde grass vinnet it laid where rama and his consolt spent the night together ere they went

file: 4572-112383-0000.flac
expected: he ceased
	layer_2: hi sesed
	layer_4: he seesed
	layer_6: he seized
	layer_8: he seized
	layer_10: he seized
	layer_12: he seized

file: 4572-112383-0001.flac
expected: where where is sita
	layer_2: whr whay seeteor
	layer_4: whe way seater
	layer_6: where way cater
	layer_8: where wha citar
	layer_10: where wha cit
	layer_12: where wa citer

file: 4572-112383-0002.flac
expected: scorched by the fiery god of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_2: scocgedo byetha firy got of day hi onthis my to hal i lay
	layer_4: scougedt wvi tha firy got of ay high on this myto hill i lay
	layer_6: scoulged by the firey gad of day high on this mi to hill i lay
	layer_8: scolged by the fiery guard of day high on this migty hill i lay
	layer_10: scorched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_12: scorched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay

file: 4572-112383-0003.flac
expected: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewed
	layer_2: aach man aneve he brot me food and filial cai my li fre ned
	layer_4: ach maln aneve he brort me food and fillial care my lie fre ned
	layer_6: each mon and eat he braght me food and fiial care my life renered
	layer_8: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renerd
	layer_10: each morn an eve he brought me food and filial care my life reneed
	layer_12: each morn an eve he brought me food and filial care my life renew'd

file: 4572-112383-0004.flac
expected: swift to the south his course he bent and cleft the yielding element
	layer_2: sweived to desowd his cals he bend and pcloafdd i lding allimend
	layer_4: sweived to desoutd his calls he bend and cleghd tai elding alemend
	layer_6: sweved to desout his calls he bend and clefft thi yielding alimend
	layer_8: sweeved to the sout his calls he bent and cleft the yielding aliment
	layer_10: sweeved to the sout his calls he bent and cleft the yielding alement
	layer_12: sweeved to the sout his calls he bent and cleft the yielding alement

file: 4572-112383-0005.flac
expected: the holy spirits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bright legions met o say is sita living yet
	layer_2: the holis perit sof d ir came row me as i marvl dair and crid as dear brit lagian smat o sa is seeto leaving yet
	layer_4: the whol is perits of h air came row me as i marvultair and crid as derbright legians mat ousay is seator leaving yet
	layer_6: the wholes perits of the air came rou me as i marvaleir and cried as ther bright legions met isey is seator leaving yet
	layer_8: the holest perrits of the air came round me as i marvalteire and cried as their bright legians met ah say is cita leaving yet
	layer_10: the holiest perrits of the air came round me as i marvel teir and cried as their bright ligians met asay is cita leaving yet
	layer_12: the holiest perits of the air came round me as i marvel tire and cried as their bright ligians met asay is cita leaving yet

file: 4572-112383-0006.flac
expected: thus cried the saints and told the name of him who held the struggling dame
	layer_2: dose cried te sans and tell do nam of fim who hold de strugliyg dame
	layer_4: dos cried the sans and tell de name orf im who holed dhe struggling dame
	layer_6: toes cried the saines and tel the name off him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_8: tose cry the sans and tell the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_10: dose cry the sants and tell the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_12: dose cry the sants and tell the name of him who hold the struggling dame

file: 4572-112383-0007.flac
expected: then from the flood sampati paid due offerings to his brother's shade
	layer_2: ten frond o flet someparti pad do offerings to his braders shad
	layer_4: ten fronto flood some partipade do offerings to his brouder shade
	layer_6: ten front a flood some party paid duo offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_8: ten front o flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_10: ten fronto flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_12: ten fronta flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade

file: 4572-112383-0008.flac
expected: seven nights in deadly swoon i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_2: seven nides indadlisoon i parsd but's trongling liye retarnd at last
	layer_4: seven nighes indadly sarn i pairsd but's trongling life ratan at lased
	layer_6: severn nights in dadlys sorm i parsed but trangling life retarned at lased
	layer_8: seven nights in dadly som i parsed but strangling life returned at last
	layer_10: seven nights in deadly sorn i parsed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_12: seven nights in deadly sorn i parsed but struggling life returned at last

file: 4572-112383-0009.flac
expected: around i bent my wondering view but every spot was strange and new
	layer_2: a round i bant my wan dering vhe but ave ris tart was tra geen ner
	layer_4: i round i bant my won during ve but eve ris part was tran gean ne
	layer_6: around i bant my wondering vel but everyspart was trange and ner
	layer_8: around i bant my wandering veel but every spart was strange and near
	layer_10: around i bent my wandering veel but every sport was strange and near
	layer_12: around i bent my wandering veel but every sport was strange and near

file: 4572-112381-0000.flac
expected: on comrades to the cave i cried and all within the portal hied
	layer_2: on comretsto dicae i trid and alden the patle hid
	layer_4: on comrets to d accave i crid and allodin the pautle hid
	layer_6: on comrates to the cave i cried and allden the potl hid
	layer_8: on comrades to the cave i cried and al u'den the portale hid
	layer_10: on comrades to the cave i cried and all udin the portal hide
	layer_12: on comrades to the cave i cried and all udin the portal hide

file: 4572-112381-0001.flac
expected: here thou with hospitable care hast fed us with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this thy plentiful supply
	layer_2: he adow wit ospitible ca hast feadrs wha te no blist fi pres ervingesabot to diy wit dis tiy planteful suply
	layer_4: he ador with hospitable ca hast fadis what te no blest far preserving aus a boud to dy wit tis dy planp tiful supply
	layer_6: he adou witd hospitable car hast faders with the noblest far preserving us about to die wit tis diyplamptiful supply
	layer_8: he adou with hospitable care hast faders with the noblest far preserving us about to die wit tis thy plantiful supply
	layer_10: he a thou with hospitable care hast fees with the noblest fair preserving us about to die with tis thy plantiful supply
	layer_12: he a thou with hospitable care hast faes with the noblest fair preserving us about to die with tis thy plantiful supply

file: 4572-112381-0002.flac
expected: but how o pious lady say may we thy gracious boon repay
	layer_2: but how lr piueslady sa may we thi gracyious boon repa
	layer_4: but how wilrl piurslady say may wed thi gracious boon repay
	layer_6: but how will pieslady say may we thy gracius boon repay
	layer_8: but how wall pious lady say may we thy graceus boon repay
	layer_10: but how ol pious lady say may we thy gracees boon repay
	layer_12: but how ol pious lady say may we thy gracees boon repay

file: 4572-112381-0003.flac
expected: he ceased the ascetic dame replied well vanars am i satisfied
	layer_2: he sesed thoe asitecdae merplid well bonrs amye satas fiet
	layer_4: he seased the esiticday erplid wellbonners amy satis fiet
	layer_6: he seazed the esitic dame replied well banners a i satisfied
	layer_8: he seized the asitic dame replied well banners am i satisfied
	layer_10: he ceized the astic dame replied well baners am i satisfied
	layer_12: he ceized the actic dame replied well baners am i satisfied

file: 4572-112381-0004.flac
expected: a life of holy works i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_2: i life of oiny waks i leed and frobyoul hans no sevius ned
	layer_4: i life of holy warlks i lead and frobyour hands no selvis need
	layer_6: i life of holy walks i leaved and fro your hands no sevis need
	layer_8: i life of wholy walks i leaed and from your hands no service need
	layer_10: in life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_12: in life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need

file: 4572-112381-0005.flac
expected: then spake again the vanar chief we came to thee and found relief
	layer_2: dhencspike agim tebono cheve we came to te and folndrelieve
	layer_4: dence pick agim abonar chive we came to d and foundrelieve
	layer_6: dencepick agim a bonne chievf we came to dee and found relieve
	layer_8: dens spike again the banachief we came to d and found relieve
	layer_10: dene pak again de banachief we came to d and found relief
	layer_12: dene pak again de banachief we came to d and found relief

file: 4572-112381-0006.flac
expected: now listen to a new distress and aid us holy votaress
	layer_2: now lesen to ed neawl distres and aders haly voateres
	layer_4: now lisen to a neeuw tistress and aders wholy voateres
	layer_6: now listen to a new distress and adors wholy voteres
	layer_8: now listened to a new distress and adus holy voteres
	layer_10: now listened to a new distress and ades holy votaress
	layer_12: now listened to a new distress and ades holy votaress

file: 4572-112381-0007.flac
expected: our wanderings in this vasty cave exhaust the time sugriva gave
	layer_2: oar renderingc ind is vas to cave axlst a time siggrneve agav
	layer_4: oare renderings in is vas he cave exols ta time segreveargave
	layer_6: ou ar renderings in dhis vasty cave exhulsd a time segrevar gave
	layer_8: our renderings in dhis vast y cave exhauls a time segreva gave
	layer_10: our renderings in dis vasty cave exalst a time segreva gave
	layer_12: our renderings in dis vasty cave exalst a time segriva gave

file: 4572-112381-0008.flac
expected: once more then lady grant release and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon their errand sped for king sugriva's ire we dread
	layer_2: oncemallden laty gradrles and letdte supan sco inpes a gown upn ter eons pat folking serav as ir we drt
	layer_4: once mallden lady grandrleas and letti supplienceco inpeas agawn upon der erans ped falking segrev as ir we drad
	layer_6: once mballden lady dgrandrelese and let tisupplian sco in pease agaon upon ther arrante ped folking sigrevasire we draed
	layer_8: once malldand lady grantreles and let tisuppliance go in pase agan upon der erraund's ped folking segrev vasir we drad
	layer_10: once madand lady grant relis and let thisuppliance go in peace again upon ter eraunt's ped folking segri vazia we dread
	layer_12: once maldnd lady grant relis and let tisuppliancs go in peace again upon ter eraunt's ped folking segri vasia we dread

file: 4572-112381-0009.flac
expected: and the great task our sovereign set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_2: and e grea tausk oalasolren set alouwsis iuna compleshedtiyrt
	layer_4: and a great tousk oreasol ren set allos is ana complishediyard
	layer_6: and a great tousk ouar so rene set alase is aneccomplished yerd
	layer_8: and the great task ofa sarene set alas is unaccomplished yed
	layer_10: and the great task ou sarin set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_12: and the great task of salrin set alos is unaccomplished yet

file: 4572-112381-0010.flac
expected: and heard his waters roar and rave terrific with each crested wave
	layer_2: and howlit his watesra and rave tar tiot ach crast at way v
	layer_4: and howled his waters hral and rave tarryfick woi t each crasstet wayve
	layer_6: and hawled his waters hral and rave tarific wore t each crast at wave
	layer_8: and holed his waters thoual and rave terific ore to each crast at wave
	layer_10: and horled his waters thro and rave teriffic or to each crast at wave
	layer_12: and howled his waters tror and rave terific or to each crast at wave

file: 4572-112381-0011.flac
expected: the month is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_2: da mont is lost in taile and pan and now my frens what hopesre mand
	layer_4: temant is losd in toile and pain and now my friends wat hopes re maind
	layer_6: temont is lost en toil and pain and now my friends what hopes reemaine
	layer_8: demand is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_10: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_12: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained

file: 4572-112381-0012.flac
expected: your hearts with strong affection fraught his weal in every labour sought and the true valour of your band was blazoned wide in every land
	layer_2: your houds wit strong ha fecti in frot he is wel in ave relabu sault and te tru veller of er band wast bleasan dwied e adry lond
	layer_4: your houds wherth strong a fection frout he his wel in evrelabu sou and thatre veller of your band was bleasant wide inavery land
	layer_6: your hourds witd strong afflection frat he is weal in everylabur sought and the true vellor of your band was bleasant wide in every land
	layer_8: your hords with strong afflection fraut he is wil in every labor sourgt and the true valor of your band was bleasand wide in every land
	layer_10: your hoards with strong affection fraugt heis will in every labor soght and the true valour of your band was bleasand wide in every land
	layer_12: your hoards with strong affection fragt heis will in every labor sogt and the true valour of your band was bleasand wide in every land

file: 4572-112381-0013.flac
expected: come let us all from food abstain and perish thus since hope is vain
	layer_2: com let asall fromfoo debp stan and parrishdoas since hop is van
	layer_4: come let as all from fooud ebstan and parish tes since hope is vain
	layer_6: come let us all from food ebstaine and parishd dus since hope is van
	layer_8: come let us all from food abstain and perish dus since hope is vain
	layer_10: come let us all from food abstain and perish dos since hope is vain
	layer_12: come let us all from food abstain and perish dos since hope is vain

file: 4572-112381-0014.flac
expected: far better thus to end our lives and leave our wealth our homes and wives leave our dear little ones and all than by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_2: fa batr ders to and olalives an leve all reud a homes and wvs leve oadea litind ons and aol den by hise vageful hand to fo
	layer_4: far battar ders to and olalives and leave allwelt aurhomes and wives lave ora dea litten onse and all den by his vangeful hand to fo
	layer_6: far batter durs to and ou ar lives and leave aurl welt our homes and wives lave ou a dea little ancse and all dem by his vangful hand to fa
	layer_8: farbatter des to end our lives and leave ourl welt our homes and wives lave of dear little ons and al dem by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_10: far batter dos to end our lives and leave our welt our homes and wives lave our dear little onts and all demn by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_12: far batterdos to end our lives and leave our welt our homes and wives lave our dear little ons and all demn by his vengeful hand to fall

file: 4572-112381-0015.flac
expected: our forfeit lives will surely pay for idle search and long delay and our fierce king will bid us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_2: ove a forfetd lives in shallypa for idensoch a lon de lay oan thoue a fheres king wil bete as dy the fhavether of his frend to b
	layer_4: of ar forfit lives in sharly pay for idonl soach an long te lay ond ho ar feyoursking will beetars dy the favor of his friend to by
	layer_6: afe ar forfit lives in harly pay for ido search and long te lay and thauh ar fers king will beat es die the favor of his friend to by
	layer_8: ouor fourfeit lives in shurely pay for idoln search are long delay and touur fers king will bead as die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_10: ouur forfeid lives in sorely pay for idol search ar long delay and tour fears king will beat us die the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_12: our forfeid lives in shurly pay for idol search ar long delay and our fears king will beat us die the favour of his friend to buy

file: 4572-112381-0016.flac
expected: then tara softly spake to cheer the vanars hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavern dwell
	layer_2: thentoers solis paketo cher the bonher's hoit suprest by hear thispar no mo yoe doute dispoll commin thesampl cabon do
	layer_4: then tar sofles pake to char the bonor's hots up pressed by hear this pa no mor your douts dis pell comemin thesample carn del
	layer_6: then taa softless pake to cher the bornner's hots oppressed by fer this par no more your doubts dispell come in this ample cabrn dwel
	layer_8: then tara softly spake to cheer the barner's hoarts oppressed by fear dispair no more your doubts despell come in this ample cavrn dwell
	layer_10: then taa softly spake to cheer the barner's hoarts oppressed by fear despai no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabrn dwell
	layer_12: then taa softly spake to cheer the barner's hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabern dwell

file: 4572-112381-0017.flac
expected: thou fondly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_2: tow fonlyhulperst indis cave the vangen sof the fo to bra
	layer_4: thour fonly hupest indiscave the vangiance of the fo to bra
	layer_6: toure founly hopesed in discave the vangiance of the fo to brath
	layer_8: thou foundly hopest in discave the vangeance of the foe to brave
	layer_10: thou fondly hopest in tiscave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_12: thou fondly hopest in thiscave the vengeance of the foe to brave

file: 4572-112381-0018.flac
expected: but lakshman's arm a shower will send of deadly shafts those walls to rend
	layer_2: but lucxthmoncs arm is shirlol wilt saend oftadle shavds tlls walds to rend
	layer_4: but luchments arm is sharolwith send of tadly shats tills wallds to rend
	layer_6: but luxhmen's arm isha are wilh send af dadly shaftstills wallds to rend
	layer_8: but luchman's arm i shaar wil send of dadly shaft stills wallds to rend
	layer_10: but luchman's arm a shawa will send of deadly shaft dills walls to rend
	layer_12: but lucshman's arm a shawar will send af deadly shaft dills wallds to rend

file: 4572-112381-0019.flac
expected: thy loving kinsman true and wise looks on thee still with favouring eyes
	layer_2: thy loveing cainsmen tru wone wies noks onetayus tal it fabering is
	layer_4: thy loving censman tre won wise noxs onetyus tal wit fabering eyes
	layer_6: thy loving censmen true on wise no xes on tase tal with fabouring eyes
	layer_8: thy loving kensman true unwise knoks onda's tal with favouring eyes
	layer_10: thy loving kensman true unwise noakes on de's tale with favoring eyes
	layer_12: thy loving kensman true unwise nokes on de's tale with favoring eyes

file: 4572-112375-0000.flac
expected: he heard the prince's furious tread he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_2: he haolld daprices fere us treat he sa his eyes lo feyoarsy reat
	layer_4: he halld ta prises ferioas trat he saul his eyes glow feercely ret
	layer_6: he harld to pricess feurious tract he sauwl his eyes glow feersly wret
	layer_8: he harled ta princess furious trat he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_10: he hauled a prince's furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_12: he hauled a prince's furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely red

file: 4572-112375-0001.flac
expected: swift sprang the monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden seat
	layer_2: safti spran damoerto his fed abstarding from mis goldond set
	layer_4: sirft sprang tamoler to his fed obstarding from his goldend sead
	layer_6: serft s prang amonok to his feet obstarding from his goldend seet
	layer_8: serft sprang de monork to his feet obstarding from his golden seet
	layer_10: serft sprang de moork to his feet opstarting from his golden seat
	layer_12: serft sprang de monork to his feet opstarting from his golden seat

file: 4572-112375-0002.flac
expected: ungrateful vanar king art thou and faithless to thy plighted vow
	layer_2: un grat ul boner cing o d and fatelesto ti plited w
	layer_4: un greatwull boner king ar dow and fatles to di plitadvo
	layer_6: ongratfull boner king au daue and fatles to di plied advow
	layer_8: on grateful boner king ar dow and fateless to di plight advow
	layer_10: ongrateful boner king are dou and fateless to di plight ad vow
	layer_12: ungrateful borner king are dow and faiteless to di plight ad vow

file: 4572-112375-0003.flac
expected: now if thy pride disown what he high thoughted prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and bali meet in yama's hall
	layer_2: thow ift y pried deson what he hi talte prin sas tun fot struk by his aows shal dol fol and baly metd i yal o's hol
	layer_4: thow if tdi pried desown what he hig taltet prins ays ton for te struck by his arrows shaltd ol fal and baly met inh ya ou's hol
	layer_6: now if di pride tisone what he hi talted princse as done for tee struck by his arrows shaltou fall and barly meat inyarma's hall
	layer_8: now if di pride diszon what he hi talted prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shallt tou fal and barly meat inyuma's hal
	layer_10: now if di pride deszon what he high taultered prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shalt ou fall and barley meat in yumah's hall
	layer_12: now if di pride dizowne what he high taltered prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shalt ou fall and barley meat in yomah's hall

file: 4572-112375-0004.flac
expected: still open to the gloomy god lies the sad path thy brother trod
	layer_2: still opim to d he glo me god lised o san pat di brodt a trd
	layer_4: still opin to the glow me god lized a san pat i brod ar trad
	layer_6: still oppen to the glomy god lies ta sand pat dy broater trad
	layer_8: still oppen to the glomy gad lies the sand pat thy broter trod
	layer_10: still oppen to the gloomy gad lies the sand pat thy broather trod
	layer_12: still oppen to the gloomy gad lies the sand pat thy broather trod

file: 4572-112375-0005.flac
expected: then to thy plighted word be true nor let thy steps that path pursue
	layer_2: then to diplirthet wa to be tre no let distepstent pourto posso
	layer_4: then to di pli hen ald d be tre no let ti s teps tet pout porso
	layer_6: then to di applied an wald be true no lhat tdi steps thend powt pursu
	layer_8: then to diaply dthen woard be true nor let thi steps then pout pursue
	layer_10: then to thi apliten wolld be true nor let thy steps ten pout pursue
	layer_12: then to thi aplited wold be true nor let thy steps ten pout pursue

file: 4572-112375-0006.flac
expected: he ceased and tara starry eyed thus to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so fraught with bitterness not thus reproached my lord should be and least of all o prince by thee
	layer_2: hi seesed an tar astory id tos todo en reprins hreplit not o my lod shouds do e trese is pech  so frowt oito betonese not t asarproaghedo my lo shud ba a list of all lo prin spite
	layer_4: hes seased antaraurs tary eid toes to th enreprins hereplid noto my lord should dow etress espeach so froutd wai t be tenesse not des eproacgedo my lo should ba and list of allo prinsbyde
	layer_6: he seazed an taras tary eyed toes to the enre prince replied not to my lord should douattress espeach so frout i  bea to nesce not des reproachedo my lord should be und list of all o prince by dhee
	layer_8: he seazed antarah' starry eed dos to the enry prince hreplied not to my lord should thou adtress aspeech so frout ot beateness not tdos reproach my lord should be unlist of all o prince by thee
	layer_10: he ceazed and tara starry eyed us to the enry prince he replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so frout o t beatones not as reproachto my lord should be unlist of all ou prince by thee
	layer_12: he ceazed and tara starry eyed us to the enry prince h replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so frout o it beatones not as reproachto my lord should be unlist of all our prince by thee

file: 4572-112375-0007.flac
expected: from paths of truth he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways
	layer_2: from part sutru hin nave es tras no wnders in fal bidend ways
	layer_4: from parts uftrou hin avers tras no weanders in folbid and ways
	layer_6: from parts ave true he nevurs tras no wanders in falbid and ways
	layer_8: from parts afe true he nevers tras nor wonders in folbiden ways
	layer_10: from parts are true he nevers trays nor wonders in folbidden ways
	layer_12: from parts are true he nevers trays nor wonders in folbiden ways

file: 4572-112375-0008.flac
expected: ne'er will sugriva's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_2: thervevou si revous hart woket by ra mo saved ther lasting derpt
	layer_4: therevou l sireos heart falcket by rabmur saved the lasting deped
	layer_6: nevare will sirivours heart foket by rama saved thelasting teped
	layer_8: never will sing ree vo's heart fokat by rama saved the lasting dept
	layer_10: never will sing revos heart foqet by rabba sav'd the lasting debt
	layer_12: never willsing rivos heart foquet by rabbar sav'd the lasting tebt

file: 4572-112375-0009.flac
expected: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire o'er the vanar race from ceaseless dread and toil set free restored to ruma and to me by grief and care and exile tried new to the bliss so long denied like visvamitra once alas he marks not how the seasons pass
	layer_2: restope to fa by rae os gras to apir ovrt abaner ras fromseinsdis drad and ctil set ree restol te rumer an to me by grefen caire and excile trid nhel tod a bes so loangted nit ly vhe sho i d oa lwans alos he makdot howd e sensncs pas
	layer_4: restop to fame by ram ar's gras to empire ovrthaboneo ras fromsinselhes drad and toile sat fre restolt to rumer and to me by greea an car and exil trid knel to teliss so long ted nid likg ves shom migro wons alowus he margs ot how tha sensan's pous
	layer_6: restoe to fam by ramar's gras to empire over ther barner rais from sinsles dread and toil sat free restole te rumor and to me by grif and care and exiled tried kneeal to the blisse so long di night like thishamigero oncs allows he marks not how the senson's pows
	layer_8: restote to fame by rama's gras to empire over the barner rays from seensless dread and toil set free restot te rumor and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneel to the bliss so long denighet like ve shamigro woncs alous he marks not how the sason's powers
	layer_10: restored to fame by rama's graes to empire over the barner rays from seanseless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denighetd like veshamito wons allows he marks not how the season's powers
	layer_12: restored to fame by rama's graes to empire over the barner rays from seanseless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denighd like veshamitror ons allows he marks not how the season's powers

file: 4572-112375-0010.flac
expected: the matrons of the vanar race see marks of fury in thy face they see thine eyes like blood are red and will not yet be comforted
	layer_2: the matron subet ef vaner ras say malks o fery itdive fas day se din eys lake blot ureat an wedot yet be com foatrt
	layer_4: the matron subet a vanarayse sa m arlgs of fery in dive fas dhey see dine eyse like blood ired and willdot yet becone fouterd
	layer_6: the mattrins sofbdthe vaner rays sa mogs of feary in dive fase they see din eyes like blood ae red and will not yet become fougterd
	layer_8: the matrons of the vaner rays symargus of fury in die fhas they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become foted
	layer_10: the matrons of the vaner rays symarus of fury in dive phas they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become forterd
	layer_12: the matrons of the viner rays semaus of fury in dive phays they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become forterd

file: 4572-112375-0011.flac
expected: she ceased and lakshman gave assent won by her gentle argument
	layer_2: she sesd and luchmen gave esent orn by har joun d argament
	layer_4: she seesed and luchman gave a send one by har jounte argameant
	layer_6: she seized and luxman gave acendt ane by her jountl argament
	layer_8: she seized an luchman gave a scent one by her countal argument
	layer_10: she seized and lucxhman gave assent one by her gountal argument
	layer_12: she seized and lucshman gave assent one by her gountal argument

file: 4572-112375-0012.flac
expected: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_2: so torws peting just and mild he is soffenin cat had reconsilb
	layer_4: so torr os pleding just and mild he his sofftening hart had reconsilb
	layer_6: so tourar's pleding just and mild he his sofftening heart had reconciled
	layer_8: so taura's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_10: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_12: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled

file: 4572-112375-0013.flac
expected: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_2: the herows sied i will lot leaouv but he dthe conuest shail e che youe
	layer_4: the her ow side i will not leve but he ha conquest shall a chve
	layer_6: the hero side i will not leave but he the conquest shall acheve
	layer_8: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_10: the hero sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_12: the heros sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve

file: 4572-112375-0014.flac
expected: so strong art thou so brave and bold so pure in thought so humble souled that thou deservest well to reign and all a monarch's bliss to gain
	layer_2: sosetrang a do so bray v and bod so paori tolt so humbo sod that dou des elvrst wellt ran and all ey monere spis to gan
	layer_4: so strong ar dow so braveand bold so por in talt so humbl sold te dou deserverst wellto rain and all ley monerospless to gane
	layer_6: so strong ourdow so brave and beld so piure in taulgt so humble sold tha dou deserveurst wel to rain and all a monerxsplise togain
	layer_8: so strong ar do so brave and beld so pre in talht so humble sould tha thou deservest well to rein and all  monara blis to gain
	layer_10: so strong art tou so brave and beld so pre intalt so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all a monrac bliss to gain
	layer_12: so strong art tou so brave and beld so pure intalt so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all a monrac bliss to gain

file: 4572-112375-0015.flac
expected: lend thou my brother aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_2: the dow bmy broder ad an al he is foseben it his om wl fo
	layer_4: than tow bmy brader ad and al heis fose benit his orm well fo
	layer_6: lan tow my broter aid and all he'is fos binat his arm will fo
	layer_8: lantow my brother aid and all hes foes benit his arm will fall
	layer_10: lantow my brother aid and all hes foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_12: lantow my brother aid and all hes foes beneath his arm will fall

file: 6599-38590-0000.flac
expected: whatever hand it was that shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_2: hat ever hand it was the chot down burben rom afterhis dafgh was plundered devistated and rabaged by redle greedy lescencius and fanatical sultrk
	layer_4: whatever hand it was the chot down burban rom after is degh was plundered devistated and rabaged by  brutal greedy lescentious and fanatical soltr
	layer_6: whatever hand it was the shot down burbon rome after his deafh was plundered devistated and rabaged by a brutal greedy lesentious and panatical soltier
	layer_8: whatever hand it was the shot down burbon rome after his deaft was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_10: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_12: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier

file: 6599-38590-0001.flac
expected: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_2: wherefor fore the futur rigtust nothing at all but apointust the time and place of nmeding and le wll bring oure sord for u to cross prtesting that the shame of any delay in fihting shall be yors seing that hene at comes to an and couter there ais n end of  all righting
	layer_4: wherefore for the future rigtous nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of nmeeding and lleill bring our sord for yu to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in figting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an incounter there is an end of all rigting
	layer_6: wherefore for the future riteust nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all riting
	layer_8: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_10: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_12: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing

file: 6599-38590-0002.flac
expected: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_2: sir ansered thi spanured promit madto do my office and say what the emperhs chargd me to sa
	layer_4: sir answered the spanured perm it medte do my office and say what the emper has charg me to say
	layer_6: sir answered the spaniared permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_8: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_10: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_12: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say

file: 6599-38590-0003.flac
expected: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent signed by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_2: nay i will nat lisendo the said friencsis if thoudena first give me apatan tined by thi master contanning in apoint ment of time and place sir i have orderse  re yew the cartell and givit you aftrwards
	layer_4: nay i will nhat listene to the said fraenciss if thoudonot first give me a patent sin by thy master containing in appointment of time and place sir i have orders to red yu tha cartell and give it you afterwards
	layer_6: nay i will not listend to the said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you tha cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_8: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_10: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_12: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards

file: 6599-38590-0004.flac
expected: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_2: purgenty theld being put out begin again sir
	layer_4: purgandy thougt being put out begaim again sir
	layer_6: burgandy thout being put out began again sir
	layer_8: burgundy ithout being put out began again sir
	layer_10: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_12: burgundy without being put out began again sir

file: 6599-38590-0005.flac
expected: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_2: nay said frances i will notsuffer him de spek to me befor his given me upointmetoftimens lace
	layer_4: nay said frances i will not suffer him to speak to me before his given me upointmentofe timon lace
	layer_6: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before his given me appointment of time in'place
	layer_8: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he as given me appointment of time ond place
	layer_10: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_12: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place

file: 6599-38590-0006.flac
expected: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_2: givit me o rereturn as thou astd com
	layer_4: give it me or return as thou ast come
	layer_6: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_8: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_10: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_12: give it me or return as thou hast come

file: 6599-38590-0007.flac
expected: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_2: i ame quite willing saud beking let himhat it
	layer_4: i am quite willing said theking let him havit
	layer_6: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_8: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_10: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_12: i am quite willing said the king let him have it

file: 6599-38590-0008.flac
expected: the peace of cambrai was called the ladies peace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessities and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_2: the pias of cambri wast cald the lades pece in uner of the to princeses who ad ochated it the moraly different an of veriy antyql waorth they both had mins of a rare order and tranedo rece nise politiclf the cessids and not to attempt anyd but possibl sexcests
	layer_4: the piece of cambry was called the ladys pieace in unor of the two princesses who had gochated it the morally different an a very unequal worth they both had mines of a rar order and trained o reconize polittical the cessitus and not to attempt anied but possible successets
	layer_6: the piece of cambry was called the ladies piece in honor of the two princesses who hadgociated it the morally different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and traine to recognized political necessituds and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_8: the piece of cambre was called the ladiespiece in honor of the two princesses who hadnegotiated it thog morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and traind to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_10: the piece of cambray was called the ladys pieace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_12: the piece of cambray was called the lady's piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes

file: 6599-38590-0009.flac
expected: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_2: all the great pl lit calactrseemd hurying away from the stage as if the dramawer a prothing atethend
	layer_4: all the great politicolactor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the dramawere proaching its thend
	layer_6: all the great political actor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama wereapproaching its end
	layer_8: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_10: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_12: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end

file: 6599-38591-0000.flac
expected: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_2: infiftinsixtyto at the battl of dr he was aged an so illd that nonexpecte do ce him mone horsephe
	layer_4: infifteen sixtyto at the battle of drew he was aged and so illd that none expected to cee him on horspar
	layer_6: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that noneexpected to see him on horseba
	layer_8: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horsebak
	layer_10: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dru he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_12: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dru he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback

file: 6599-38591-0001.flac
expected: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our king
	layer_2: he fully arm sav onlyhs head answered him right wel sir tisis the rell metison that halfhcured me for the batta which es to ward and up perparing for the oner of a god in our cam
	layer_4: he fully arm save only se head answered him right well sir this is the real medicon that hae cured me for the battl which is toward and up prparing for the honor of god and our came
	layer_6: he fully arms save only is head answered him right well sir this is the real medisn that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and ap preparing for the honour of god and our cam
	layer_8: he fully armed save only his head answered him rit well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and orcamp
	layer_10: he fully armed save only his head answered him rite well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_12: he fully armed save only his head answered him rite well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp

file: 6599-38591-0002.flac
expected: the ladies peace concluded at cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_2: the ladis pese concoudeda cambery an ifteeme twoy nine lasted up to fiftemn thirty six insessently troubled te however by farfrom pacif eccemptoms precedings and prperatioens
	layer_4: the lady's peace concuded a camberi ind fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six insessently troubledthe however by far from paiffecciemptims proceedings and parparations
	layer_6: the ladies peace concluded a cambra in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessently troubled however by far from pacific siymptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_8: the lady's peace concluded a cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_10: the lady's peace concluded at camberaig in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_12: the lady's peace concluded at camberaig in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations

file: 6599-38591-0003.flac
expected: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_2: at lass whe tesite upon retreeating
	layer_4: at las he decided upon retreeating
	layer_6: at las he decided upon retreating
	layer_8: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_10: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_12: at last he decided upon retreating

file: 6599-38591-0004.flac
expected: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_2: it was gars ilaso delevga the princs of spanish posy the spanished pecturrk a cording to his felloc countrmen
	layer_4: it was garsealaso dillaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanished pretchurark acording to his fellocountrimen
	layer_6: it was garsilaso dilaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanished precharark according to his fellow countryment
	layer_8: it was garsilaso dilaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanish pecharkh according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_10: it was garcilaso de laviga the prince of spanish posy the spanish pecarc according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_12: it was garcilaso de laviga the prince of spanish posy the spanish pecarc according to his fellow countrymen

file: 6599-38591-0005.flac
expected: montmorency signed a similar one for piedmont
	layer_2: mo mere ancehe simne a simler one for pede m
	layer_4: momer unces sind a similer one for ped m
	layer_6: mo marence signd a similar one for pedma
	layer_8: momarenc signed a similar one for pedma
	layer_10: momarenci signed a similar one for pidma
	layer_12: momorenci signed a similar one for pidma

file: 6599-38591-0006.flac
expected: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_2: they al repared together to the house propard for ther re seption and after dinner the emper being tiredd lay dowunda rest on acouch quen elenero befor long went antapted his dor and sent ord to the kingd tho the emper was awa
	layer_4: they all repared together to the house propared for ther were seption and after dinner the imperor being tired lay downd arrest on a couch queen elener before long went andtapted his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_6: they all repared together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went andtapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_8: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_10: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_12: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake

file: 6599-38591-0007.flac
expected: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de montmorency soon arrived
	layer_2: francis with he carnald the larain and the constible ti mle mor anty sonirived
	layer_4: friancis with the carnald the larain and the costible the ml more ency sonarived
	layer_6: francis with the cardinal de larin and the constable to m morency soon arrived
	layer_8: francis with the cardinal the loraene and the constable do mumorenci soon arrived
	layer_10: francis with the cardinal de lorain and the constable de mmorenci soon arrived
	layer_12: francis with the cardinal de lorain and the constable de mmorenci soon arrived

file: 6599-38591-0008.flac
expected: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_2: un entering the chamber he foun the emperoer stil lang down and chating with his sisted queen ho was seeded bheied him mon the chair
	layer_4: onentering the chamber he fhound the emperor still lang down and chadting with his sistedhequeen who was seeted beside him on a chair
	layer_6: on entering the chamber he found the emperer still lang down and chatting with his sister te queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_8: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_10: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_12: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair

file: 6599-38591-0009.flac
expected: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_2: yes said charls i had made such chere tat i was a bliged to sle pit ogf
	layer_4: yes said charles i had made such cher that i was oblige to sleepit oft
	layer_6: yes said charles i had made such cheear that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_8: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_10: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_12: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off

file: 6599-38591-0010.flac
expected: francis did the converse with his own collar
	layer_2: francsted the conbers with his own coller
	layer_4: francested the conbers with his own color
	layer_6: frances stid the conbers with his own colar
	layer_8: francis stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_10: francis stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_12: francis stood the converse with his own collar

file: 6599-38591-0011.flac
expected: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_2: only sevene of the attendens remained in the emperaschamber and there the two sovrencs converstd fur an houer after which they moved to the hall where splended supper awaited the
	layer_4: only sevend of the attendence remained in the imperors chamber and there the two saverins converst for an hour after which they moved to the hall wher a splended super awaited them
	layer_6: only sevent of the attendancte remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverens conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_8: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_10: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_12: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them

file: 6599-38591-0012.flac
expected: the ghentese pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_2: the gainties pleeded their priblage of not being lible to betaxed with out theirond consent
	layer_4: the gainties pleaded their privelage of not being lible to betakd with out thei r ownd concent
	layer_6: the ganties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_8: the gentees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_10: the gantees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_12: the gantees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent

file: 6599-38591-0013.flac
expected: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_2: orders had beencent everwer to wrece him as kings of friances a received on ther joyous asesh
	layer_4: orders had ben sent everywhere to re scive him as kings of france a received on their joyus asessin
	layer_6: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of franc are received on their joyous asession
	layer_8: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession
	layer_10: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession
	layer_12: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession

file: 5543-27761-0000.flac
expected: lelechka was a delightful child
	layer_2: willech goas a do ihtful child
	layer_4: lhillutch gi was a do ightful child
	layer_6: lelutch go was a dewihtful child
	layer_8: teletchgo was a delightful child
	layer_10: le lutchke was a delightful child
	layer_12: le lutchke was a delightful child

file: 5543-27761-0001.flac
expected: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_2: the was now ther such child thern overhadbein and ther never widpy
	layer_4: there was now ther such child there nover hadbeen and thei never wouldbey
	layer_6: there was now ther such child theyr never hadbeen and ther never would be
	layer_8: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_10: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_12: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be

file: 5543-27761-0002.flac
expected: lelechka's mother serafima aleksandrovna was sure of that
	layer_2: whl lech as mother sarhy molicenm jrove now wits sherf that
	layer_4: wel letch gas mother sarfe ma aleccan jrovna was sher of that
	layer_6: le lechiga's mother sarfema aleccandrovna was sure of that
	layer_8: lolechka's mother saraphema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_10: lolechka's mother saraphema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_12: lolechka's mother saraphema alexandrovna was sure of that

file: 5543-27761-0003.flac
expected: lelechka's eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_2: lolch his eys weredarckan large her cheeks or rosy her looksrmad forekisses an forlaftr
	layer_4: leulich his eyes were dark in large her cheeks a rosy her looped hermade for kisses and for lafter
	layer_6: lolich his eyes were dark in large her cheeks ar rosy her liped her made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_8: lelech h''s eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips are maide for kisses and for laughter
	layer_10: lolech 's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips are made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_12: lolechh's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips are made for kisses and for laughter

file: 5543-27761-0004.flac
expected: but it was not these charms in lelechka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_2: but it was not these chirmes nal luchket the gave her mother the keeinestroy
	layer_4: but it was not lhese charmes and wil luchget the gave her mother the keenes jroy
	layer_6: but it was not these charms and we luchgd tha gave her mother the keenes jroy
	layer_8: but it was not these charms and willetchgoo that gave her mother the keenes joy
	layer_10: but it was not these charms an melutchgod that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_12: but it was not these charms in weletchgo that gave her mother the keenest joy

file: 5543-27761-0005.flac
expected: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_2: she holt cold with her husben
	layer_4: she felt cold with her husban
	layer_6: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_8: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_10: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_12: she felt cold with her husband

file: 5543-27761-0006.flac
expected: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_2: he is o ys fresshion col witha friged smil and wherver he past coled curenceen tromoveen the aire
	layer_4: he was alwas freshi an cool with a fridgeed smile and werever he past cold curanc eemed to moven the air
	layer_6: he was always fresh and cool with a fridgid smile and whever he passed cold current seemed to move in the air
	layer_8: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passetd cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_10: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currants seemed to move in the air
	layer_12: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currants seemed to move in the air

file: 5543-27761-0007.flac
expected: it even seemed to serafima aleksandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_2: it heven seemed dac sar  fee man out sen drvano that she was nd lubeither fe ter usben and thist mate her happy
	layer_4: it even seemd a seirifee ma aland droveno that she was an lo with heir feuture usban and this made her happy
	layer_6: it even seemed to atserafema alxan drovna that she was in lov with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_8: it even seemed to at sara pema alexan drovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_10: it even seemed to aarapiema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_12: it even seemed to asaraphima alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy

file: 5543-27761-0008.flac
expected: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_2: the bra was tal sa gid looking she was a thall darkied dar cherd gro some whut ime id but ver tatful
	layer_4: the brid was als good looking she was tha tall  dark iede dark hered gir some whot tim ade but very taptful
	layer_6: the brid was also good looking she was a tall darkeyed dark hared girl some what timid but very tactful
	layer_8: the bred was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_10: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_12: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful

file: 5543-27761-0009.flac
expected: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_2: he had conections and his wife chim of good invlenshal people
	layer_4: he had connections and his wife came of good imvil enchall people
	layer_6: he had connections in his wife came of good imfolentiall people
	layer_8: he had connections and his wife came of good inflolential people
	layer_10: he had connextions an his wife came of good influential people
	layer_12: he had connections and his wife came of good influential people

file: 5543-27761-0010.flac
expected: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_2: this mighte at the prar oprtunity prov ucel
	layer_4: this miht at the proper opertunity provuseful
	layer_6: this might at the proparoportunity prove usul
	layer_8: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_10: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_12: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful

file: 5543-27761-0011.flac
expected: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergey modestovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_2: after their mariage there was nothing io the maner of sargif lfte stovached o suggust anything ron to his wife
	layer_4: after their mariage there was nothing in the manner of sargam lot er stovace to sugust anything rong to his wlife
	layer_6: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of cargam let a stovach to suggest anything wrong to his wlife
	layer_8: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergum letastovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_10: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of serge leristovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_12: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of serge lestovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife

file: 5543-27761-0012.flac
expected: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergey modestovich established connexions elsewhere of a light and temporary nature
	layer_2: later howver when his wive was bou to have a child sairgame wothe stovic oe staulish conections elsewer of he ligt intemrary natre
	layer_4: later however when his wife was bouto have a child sargame wothe stovich estaublish conections elsewer of the light intemparary natre
	layer_6: later however when his wife was about to have a child sargammwoathe stovich establish connections elsewere of the light in temporary nature
	layer_8: later however when his wife was about to have a child serga moaastovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_10: later however when his wife was about to have a child serge mordistovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_12: later however when his wife was about to have a child serge motistovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature

file: 5543-27761-0013.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna found this out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infant with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_2: sarefevwa alx en drowwano foun the souch an to her ownistoshmen ms noperta ula y her she waded her infent withe restlissenti sipation that swallod evereother feing
	layer_4: serfeemen alexc en jrovenau found the souch an to her own istonghment as not prto culowrly her she wated her infint with a resless intisipation that swalowed every other feling
	layer_6: serfhema elex en jrovna found the souch and to her own estonishment was not particularly her she awaited her infint with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_8: saraphema alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly her she awaited her infinit with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_10: saraphevma alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_12: sarapheva alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling

file: 5543-27761-0014.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_2: sarefinga alcsindrov nejyrif ted fair ther and far the r wa from him
	layer_4: sarpfema alexend grobm nejifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_6: sarphma elixand dromnegifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_8: sarphema elexan dromna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_10: saraphena alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_12: saraphina alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him

file: 5543-27761-0015.flac
expected: lelechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_2: wlech goo then ran away stambing with her plomp little legs erever the carpets and hatterself behigne the curtan's near her bed
	layer_4: whe luch good then ran away stambing with her plump little legsover the carpets and hiderself behind the curtans near her bed
	layer_6: eletchgod then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over the carpets and hitherself behid the curtains near her bed
	layer_8: letch go then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_10: luletchga then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_12: luletchga then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed

file: 5543-27761-0016.flac
expected: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelechka and made believe that she did not see her
	layer_2: wey as my bay be gir the mother a sis she loke frl ol luch gun may believe that she dd not se her
	layer_4: where is my bay be girl the mother as is she looked frille lutch gon may believe that she dod not see her
	layer_6: where is my baby girl the mother as ais she looked fillaluchan may believed that she did not see her
	layer_8: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked frilalachka may believe that she dod not see her
	layer_10: where is my baby girl the mother asked if she looked friloletchka ad may believe that she did not see her
	layer_12: where is my baby girl the mother asked if she looked friloletchka and may believe that she did not see her

file: 5543-27761-0017.flac
expected: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lelechka
	layer_2: then she came at a litle farther and her mother aserh she had ownlejus cut sihte of her seesed her by her little shol ters in exclame juyu sly har sheis my la lech gap
	layer_4: then she came at a little farther and her mother as oare she had onlegiust cought site of her seesed her by her little shoulders in exclaime joously here she is my la letchcu
	layer_6: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sighte of her seized hur by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechca
	layer_8: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalachka
	layer_10: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is may lalechka
	layer_12: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is may laleshka

file: 5543-27761-0018.flac
expected: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_2: her mothers eyes glowd itdpassion intamotion
	layer_4: her mother's eyes glowed with pasion it amotion
	layer_6: her mother's eyes glowed with passionad emotion
	layer_8: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_10: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_12: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion

file: 5543-27761-0019.flac
expected: her mother went to hide
	layer_2: her other ont to hid
	layer_4: her mother wont to hid
	layer_6: her mother want to hide
	layer_8: her mother went to hide
	layer_10: her mother went to hide
	layer_12: her mother went to hide

file: 5543-27761-0020.flac
expected: lelechka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_2: tl lech go trned aways thou nocha se but whath him emuch ce stoufully al the time
	layer_4: wle luch god turned aways though nutcha sea but watchr mamuch as stuthily al the time
	layer_6: lolutchgaturned away s though not jta see but watched her mamochca stouthily all the time
	layer_8: lolachka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammochka steuthily all the time
	layer_10: lolashka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammochka stealthily all the time
	layer_12: lolushka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamoshka stealthily all the time

file: 5543-27761-0021.flac
expected: where's my mamochka asked lelechka
	layer_2: wher s mamo moch ger asla luchca
	layer_4: where is mamen muchga aslo lutchca
	layer_6: where is maym a machka ase loluchka
	layer_8: where is mema marchka asked lalachka
	layer_10: where is meyma mathka asked lalashka
	layer_12: where is meyma mathka asked lolashka

file: 5543-27761-0022.flac
expected: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_2: a smild agoli blis plate on her bredlips
	layer_4: a smileod absoly blis plaite on her reddlips
	layer_6: a smile of absolubliss played on her red lips
	layer_8: a smile ofd absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_10: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_12: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips

file: 5543-27761-0023.flac
expected: lelechka was getting nearer her mother's corner
	layer_2: lech kose getting nyer her mother's conor
	layer_4: h letchgos getting near her mother's cone
	layer_6: e letch goes getting near her mother's coner
	layer_8: e lets goes getting near her mother's corner
	layer_10: let's go's getting near her mother's corner
	layer_12: let's go's getting near her mother's cornner

file: 5543-27761-0024.flac
expected: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_2: heor mothere was geryin mor obsorbed evy moment by her interest an the gaing her heart beat with shrt quick troksand she prest even closter sho the wall do sarainging her har s till more
	layer_4: her mother was gring more obsorbed every moment by her interest in the gaime her heart beat with short quick stroks and she presed even closter to the wall to sarranging her heair still more
	layer_6: her mother was grwing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the gaime her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall to sarranging her hair still more
	layer_8: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_10: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_12: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more

file: 5543-27761-0025.flac
expected: lelechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_2: but lech cas suddnly glance tart her mother's coarner anhgreen did joy
	layer_4: but letch ca suddenly glance toat her mother's corner an creemdeth joy
	layer_6: but letchca suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screemedwuith joy
	layer_8: butlechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screaned with joy
	layer_10: butlechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_12: butletchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy

file: 5543-27761-0026.flac
expected: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_2: hrough the hav claes dos he her the lafter the joys aut cis the sound o romping
	layer_4: throgh the havf clas doos he her the laugter the joyoc outcrise the sound of ramping
	layer_6: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyouce outcries the sound of romping
	layer_8: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_10: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_12: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping

file: 5543-27761-0027.flac
expected: even fedosya felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_2: even forodo syafthelto bashd nover hei misteres nowfor herselvf
	layer_4: even fodosyafhelto bashed no ver her mistres nowu for herself
	layer_6: even padosia thelt a bashed now vor her mistress now for herself
	layer_8: even fidocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_10: even fidocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_12: even fidocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself

file: 5543-27761-0028.flac
expected: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by serafima aleksandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_2: he liked coming hyr where averything was beautifly ranged this was don by sare fe malcendroven who wishe a surounder loittle girl from her bery inancy only woitd the lovelyus things
	layer_4: he liked coming heer where everything was beautifuly ranged this was done by sereifemaleccendrovena who wish tos surround her little girl from her very invancy only with the loveliaus things
	layer_6: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saripema aleccandurovna who wishe to turound her little girl from her very invancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_8: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexan drovna who wished to sarround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_10: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_12: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things

file: 5543-27761-0029.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lelechka with the same end in view
	layer_2: sarvete mucsan drow na drest herself tasefuly thiste she did forl a luchgo would the same and in vu
	layer_4: sarthy malcsand dro n a dreset herself tasefully this too she did fourla lutchga woulh the same and invioew
	layer_6: sarthym alx end dromen i dressed herself tastefully this too she did furlaluchga woith the same and in view
	layer_8: sarathema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did fur lalashka with the same end in view
	layer_10: sarapthima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lolatshka with the same end in view
	layer_12: sarathima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lolatchka with the same end in view

file: 5543-27761-0030.flac
expected: one thing sergey modestovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_2: one thing sairgam ot a stovitch had not become rkcaon siudto and this was his wies omus contine oes presence in the nerstery
	layer_4: one thing sairgame ut astovich had not become rkcond siled to and this was his wipes omost continu ous presence in the nursory
	layer_6: one thing srgaemotostovitch had not become rckonsiled to and this was his wife's olmost continuoust presence in the nurstery
	layer_8: one thing srga modistovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_10: one thing serge morostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_12: one thing sergey morostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery

file: 5543-27761-0031.flac
expected: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisive and condescending smile
	layer_2: it' cjust as it fotindew that ad find u hear he said withthe dir is ivin condesending smile
	layer_4: it's juest as i thought inknew that had fined you here he said with a dirisiven cond ec anding smile
	layer_6: it's just as i thought i knew that id find you here he said with a deraziv in condescending smile
	layer_8: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a durizivand condescending smile
	layer_10: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a deriziv in condescending smile
	layer_12: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a deriziv in condescending smile

file: 5543-27761-0032.flac
expected: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to serafima aleksandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_2: marle ou see tlat the chold ould felites own indto bi duality heexlaind in anser decar fy e outsenjr of nesst puzsled qlancs
	layer_4: mear ly you see tet the charled ould felats own intdobiduality he exlained an answer desarfew a olt sandgr of ness puzzle glance
	layer_6: nerely you see that the charl should feel its own indobiduality he explained an answer do carfema alt cendjr ofna's puzzled glance
	layer_8: nerely you see that the chirld should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to sarapfhema aletandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_10: mearly you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to saraphema alexandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_12: mearly you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to saraphema alexandrovna's puzzled glance

file: 5543-27761-0033.flac
expected: she's still so little said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: she stal so little said sar f y me illec in jrove
	layer_4: she still so little said sarfy ma alexcin grove
	layer_6: she still so little said serfhema elex en jrova
	layer_8: she's still so little said saraphema alexan drova
	layer_10: she's still so little said seraphema alexandrova
	layer_12: she's still so little said seraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0034.flac
expected: i don't insist it's your kingdom there
	layer_2: i dontinsist itsur kingdom heer
	layer_4: i doun'tinsist it's your king dem heere
	layer_6: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_8: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_10: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_12: i don't insist it's your kingdom here

file: 5543-27761-0035.flac
expected: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_2: ofthink ket over his wife answer smiling as he ded caold le but gnaly
	layer_4: outhink it over his wife answered smiling as he did cold ly but genaly
	layer_6: 'llthink it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but geneiually
	layer_8: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_10: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_12: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually

file: 5543-27761-0036.flac
expected: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_2: then they begaind ho talk of someting euls
	layer_4: then they began e talk of something else
	layer_6: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_8: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_10: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_12: then they began to talk of something else

file: 5543-27761-0037.flac
expected: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_2: that the mistre stesit whil that' one thinm bout that theyoung lady dos it thats bod
	layer_4: that the misterestes it wheille that's one thim but that the young lady dos it that's bad
	layer_6: that the mistress does it while that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_8: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_10: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_12: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad

file: 5543-27761-0038.flac
expected: why asked fedosya with curiosity
	layer_2: why es fi dosoth cariosity
	layer_4: why as fodosio ith cariocity
	layer_6: why askedpidocioith curiosity
	layer_8: why asked fhidosiao with curiosity
	layer_10: why asked fidosia with curiosity
	layer_12: why asked fidosia with curiosity

file: 5543-27761-0039.flac
expected: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_2: thes uxpression a caryiosita give her face to look t of a wood in rugly pan to dall
	layer_4: thi s uxpression a caryiosita gave her face the look of a wood in rughly pain to dall
	layer_6: this expression o curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly pain to dall
	layer_8: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a woodden roughly painted doll
	layer_10: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_12: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll

file: 5543-27761-0040.flac
expected: yes that's bad repeated agathya with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_2: yes thats byd repetetagoio wit ton viction teridbly bad well
	layer_4: yes that's bad repeted agotio ih anviction terribly bad well
	layer_6: yes that's bad repeated ta gaioich onviction terribly bad well
	layer_8: yes that's bad repeated agahioich conviction terribly bad well
	layer_10: yes that's bad repeated agahioic conviction terribly bad well
	layer_12: yes that's bad repeated agahioic conviction terribly bad well

file: 5543-27761-0041.flac
expected: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agathya went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_2: it's the true fime sing were mumber my word sagack ha wen on wrt the same as sureans and csecerecy
	layer_4: it's the true time saing were member my words agackya wen on with the same a shurans and secracy
	layer_6: it's the true time sing weremember my words agaphia went on with the same ashurance and secresy
	layer_8: it's the truth i'm sayng remember my words agaphia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_10: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agachia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_12: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agachia went on with the same assurance and secrecy

file: 5543-27761-0042.flac
expected: it's the surest sign
	layer_2: it's he surst sine
	layer_4: its the shurest signe
	layer_6: it's the sherest sign
	layer_8: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_10: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_12: it's the sheerest sign

file: 5543-27761-0043.flac
expected: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_2: the woman had en vented thes sine quit sudenly herselth ind she was evidently very prowt of it
	layer_4: the u'ld woman hadenvented the signe quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very prowd of it
	layer_6: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_8: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_10: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_12: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it

file: 5543-27761-0044.flac
expected: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_2: mat a matum she said quintlean a chembling wice
	layer_4: mata madum she said quinetly an a chembling voice
	layer_6: matar madam she said quiently in a chrembling voice
	layer_8: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_10: madame madame she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_12: madam madame she said quietly in a trembling voice

file: 5543-27761-0045.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna gave a start
	layer_2: sar fe ma oliexin jrvni ga e start
	layer_4: sarfe ma alecs and drobvan i gavee start
	layer_6: sarahem alixs and drovani gave a start
	layer_8: saraphema alexan drovana gave  start
	layer_10: saraphema alexanddrovna gave a start
	layer_12: saraphema alexanddrovna gave a start

file: 5543-27761-0046.flac
expected: fedosya's face made her anxious
	layer_2: thu osis face mae her ancius
	layer_4: thu dostes face mate her anctious
	layer_6: thedotias face made her anxious
	layer_8: bedocia's face made her anxious
	layer_10: pedocieau's face made her anxious
	layer_12: pedocea's face made her anxious

file: 5543-27761-0047.flac
expected: what is it fedosya she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lelechka
	layer_2: what is it fi o sia she as what grea consornm as ar rnything wrong wa lluchkat
	layer_4: what is it fidosia she as with grea ansern as ere any thing rong wit oe luchga
	layer_6: what is it fidocia she ase with greak concern as thereanything wrong with li luchka
	layer_8: what is it fhidosia she asked with great concern has there anything wrong with leluchka
	layer_10: what is it fidosia she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with llashka
	layer_12: what is it fidosia she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lolushka

file: 5543-27761-0048.flac
expected: no madam said fedosya as she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_2: now matum said fidosia she justiulated with her hanse to riasure hi mistres and hi make hre si down
	layer_4: no matum said fidocias she justiculated with her handse to reassur her mistress and to make her s it downe
	layer_6: no madam said pidocia she jesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sitdown
	layer_8: no madame said phidosia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_10: no madam said pidolsia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_12: no madame said pidolsia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down

file: 5543-27761-0049.flac
expected: lelechka is asleep may god be with her
	layer_2: theluch kas tha sleet mak id be with her
	layer_4: the letchgas e sleet make god be with her
	layer_6: the lechcas asleep may e god be with her
	layer_8: the letchkas asleep may god be with her
	layer_10: the lechkas asleep may god be with her
	layer_12: the letchkas asleep may god be with her

file: 5543-27761-0050.flac
expected: only i'd like to say something you see lelechka is always hiding herself that's not good
	layer_2: only ad likc to sa ceome thing yeu see wil lech kas awas higding erself that is not god
	layer_4: only ag like to say something you see lillutchgas always higting orself that is not good
	layer_6: only i'd like to say something you see liluchgaes always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_8: only i'd like to say something you see lilechgao is always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_10: only i'd like to say something you see loleshka is always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_12: only i'd like to say something you see luleshka is always hiding ourself that is not good

file: 5543-27761-0051.flac
expected: i can't tell you how bad it is said fedosya and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_2: at cant tell youd how batits said fidos ya and her fac expressd the most tosiveed comnfidence
	layer_4: i can't tell you how bat it is said fidocyia and her face expresased the most to cided confidence
	layer_6: i can't tell you how bat it is said phadosia and her face expressd the most decided confidence
	layer_8: i can't tell you how ba it is said phidosia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_10: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_12: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence

file: 5543-27761-0052.flac
expected: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_2: i der san nothing af boea you r sayng
	layer_4: inder san nothing af bat you are saing
	layer_6: uunderstand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_8: understand nothing of what you are sying
	layer_10: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_12: i understand nothing of what you are saying

file: 5543-27761-0053.flac
expected: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fedosya abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_2: he see mat ar mits a cindof omen explains foidorser bruply and a shame fac itd way
	layer_4: he see mada mits a kind of oman explains hoidosear bruply and a shame facead way
	layer_6: he see madta mit's a kind of omen explains pidosiabruptly and a shame face id way
	layer_8: yo see madam mit's a kind of omen explained vhidosia bruptly and a shame faced way
	layer_10: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fidosia abruptly in a shamed faced way
	layer_12: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fidosia abruptly in a shamed faced way

file: 5543-27761-0054.flac
expected: nonsense said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: non sence suidsare  e malexsan jurva
	layer_4: noncsens sid cerfe ma elexin jrvne
	layer_6: nonsene said sarifema alix in gevna
	layer_8: nonsense said saraphema alexan jeovna
	layer_10: nonsense said syraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: nonsense said seraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0055.flac
expected: who told you all this asked serafima aleksandrovna in an austere low voice
	layer_2: who tol eou all this aser e m alic on derf nan ino stear low vboice
	layer_4: who toled ou all this asarfe m alecanjr f ne inenoh stear low voice
	layer_6: who told you all this ase serfema alexendrvna an enohster low voice
	layer_8: who told you all this asked saraphima alexandrovna in inou ster low voice
	layer_10: who told you all this asked saraphema alexandrovna in an aster low voice
	layer_12: who told you all this asked saraphema alexandrovna in in osteer low voice

file: 5543-27761-0056.flac
expected: knows exclaimed serafima aleksandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_2: nos exclaime ser m ale sen drofenon eirtation as the she wished to pretecturself som holfrom the suddnenxity
	layer_4: nos exclaime serifhe ma aleccandr ofnan iritation as thugh she wishd to prtectureself som how from thes sudden enxiety
	layer_6: nos exclaimed cerifema eleccendrovnan irritation as though she wishd to protect hurself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_8: nos exclaimed saraphema alexandrovna irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_10: nos exclaimed saraphema alexandrovna irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_12: nos exclaimed saraphima alexandrovna irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety

file: 5543-27761-0057.flac
expected: what nonsense as though lelechka could die
	layer_2: what noncence as though elvuchpoed could dy
	layer_4: what noncence as though leluchcold could di
	layer_6: wat nonsense as though the luch coud could die
	layer_8: what nonsense as though the lutchcoud could die
	layer_10: what nonsense as though the lutchcood could die
	layer_12: what nonsense as though the lutchcood could die

file: 5543-27761-0058.flac
expected: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connexion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_2: she sa cleairly that ther could be nhoi possible conection bech wena childs quite orded nari d ivrsion an the cintimwation of the child slife
	layer_4: she saw clearly that ther could be no possible connection beth ween a childs quiete ordinaried iversion and the contiuation of the childs life
	layer_6: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a childs quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_8: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_10: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_12: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life

file: 5543-27761-0059.flac
expected: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts returned involuntarily to the fact that lelechka loved to hide herself
	layer_2: she ma ea speciall effor that yed ning to okypy her mine with other matters tut er thuts hurnd imon tareiliyes be thack t at wlluch cal lovbe to hiterself
	layer_4: she made aspecial effort that evening to occup y her mind with other matters but her thoughts thurned imoln terileds bethect that will letch cal lubd to hitorself
	layer_6: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in moluintarilies bettact that will luch ca luve to hide herself
	layer_8: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in moluntarilis te fact that wilechko love to hide herself
	layer_10: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that wiletcshka loved to hide herself
	layer_12: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that wiletchka loved to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0060.flac
expected: when lelechka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_2: when the luch ko was sto quihtesmall an have learnde distinguishd we t ween her mother an her ners she some tinms sitting in her ners his arms made a suden rogish cromiss and hidter lafhing faceind the ner s is sholter
	layer_4: when the luchgt was still quite small and have learnede distinguish wetween her mother an her nurse she sometimes sitting ind her nurs his arms made a sudden rogish gremiss and hidher laughing face in the nurceis shoulder
	layer_6: when the luchca was still quite small and had learned ta distinguish between her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurseh's arms made a sudden rogish grimase and hider laughing face in the nurses shoulder
	layer_8: when leluxha was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roggish grimase and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_10: when lalochka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_12: when lelochka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden rugguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder

file: 5543-27761-0061.flac
expected: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_2: then she wut look ou wit the sli wants
	layer_4: then she would look ou th a slig glance
	layer_6: then she would look outwith a sli glance
	layer_8: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_10: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_12: then she would look out with a sly glance

file: 5543-27761-0062.flac
expected: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not enter wholeheartedly into the spirit of lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_2: thurh she reprad shouself at once for this un founded seperesticioustrad never the les she couldnot ender ho heardedlinge bhe speared ll luch cas favort game end shetede di vert lielluch cas ta tenstion to something elnce
	layer_4: though she reproac shorself at once for this unfounded supersticioustread never the las she could not ender hole hartedlyange the spered lluch cus favourit game and she trited diverit leludch cause attention to something elce
	layer_6: though she reproaced herself at once for this unfounded supersticious dread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly into the spiri luluchca's favourite game and she triedto divert leleth case attention to something else
	layer_8: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly into the spirit lilechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_10: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not end her whole heartedly into the spirit lulechka's favorite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_12: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not end her whole heartedly into the spirit lulechka's favorite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else

file: 5543-27761-0063.flac
expected: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_2: she ye gerly comlide wr thir mothers ne wishes
	layer_4: she eagerly complied wit their mothers ne wishus
	layer_6: she eagerly complied with her mother's knew wishes
	layer_8: she eagerly complied with heir mother's new wishes
	layer_10: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_12: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes

file: 5543-27761-0064.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna tried desperately to amuse lelechka
	layer_2: sarefe me olecs an jrrw na thrie despreatly to ims louchca
	layer_4: sarphe ma alecand jeoe a tri desperately tom imuse liludchca
	layer_6: sarphima alixan jomena trid desperately to  amuse elecca
	layer_8: saraphima alexan jeomna tried desperately to amuse lilechka
	layer_10: saraphima alexandovna tried desperately to amuse luechka
	layer_12: saraphima alexandovna tried desperately to amuse luechka

file: 5543-27761-0065.flac
expected: perhaps thought serafima aleksandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_2: per haps thaut sar fyvhe alec sunjrovena shes not es stroungly dron to the worl as other children who a tracted by many things
	layer_4: per haps thut sarefeva alecindjrovena she is not is strongly drwn to the worl bas other childiren who rd tracted by many things
	layer_6: perhaps thout sera fema elxinjovna she is not es strongly drawn to the whorld as other children who are tracted by many things
	layer_8: perhaps thouht saraphema alexan jovna she his not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are tracted by many things
	layer_10: perhaps thought saraphieva alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_12: perhaps thought sarapheva alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are atracted by many things

file: 5543-27761-0066.flac
expected: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_2: itf thisuso is teit nont a sine of wer ganic eeaknese
	layer_4: if this as so is it not a sign o were ganic eakness
	layer_6: if this asso is it not a sina erganic weakness
	layer_8: if this isso is it not a sign a organic weakness
	layer_10: if this is so is it not a sin of organic weakness
	layer_12: if this is so is it not a sin of organic weakness

file: 5543-27761-0067.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_2: sarefhe mouc sind drov no hersuf begamn the game oncswer tises thag she pladeet wit ha heavbe heart
	layer_4: sarfe malcsin drov naw her self began the game oncwer twice thauth she platet with a heavy heart
	layer_6: serpfye malcs an drovna herself began the game once or twice thaut she played it with a heaby heart
	layer_8: sarpfi malxandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_10: serephe malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_12: serpi malexendrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart

file: 5543-27761-0068.flac
expected: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_2: she seffered as thogcomiting in evil de with full conciousness
	layer_4: she suffered as thoug commiding an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_6: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_8: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_10: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_12: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness

file: 5543-27761-0069.flac
expected: it was a sad day for serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: it was ha si da forcaerfy mouc sen rvna
	layer_4: it was e sad day for sarfe malicand drovena
	layer_6: it was a sad day for cerphymalc and drovna
	layer_8: it was a sad day for sayrpfe malx anddrovna
	layer_10: it was a sad day for sarape malexandrovna
	layer_12: it was a sad day for sarafi malexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0070.flac
expected: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_2: he mother couvbrd her with the ble blank et
	layer_4: her mother covered her with a bly blankit
	layer_6: her mother covered her with a bli blanket
	layer_8: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_10: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_12: her mother covered her with a blue blanket

file: 5543-27761-0071.flac
expected: lelechka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_2: lill luch coulddre her sleeelittle hands from under the blankit and streshed than othhim brace her mother he mother ben down
	layer_4: lil lutch culd drew her sleee little hands from under the blankit andstreshed them ou tom brace her mother her mother been down
	layer_6: lolutch cadrew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and streched them out tr embrace her mother her mother beent down
	layer_8: loluchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_10: loluchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_12: lulutchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down

file: 5543-27761-0072.flac
expected: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_2: she seeme so smon so frielander the blaingk at tha covered her
	layer_4: she seemed so smaln so frailander the blinke et that covered her
	layer_6: she seemed so sma an so frail under the blinket that covered her
	layer_8: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_10: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_12: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her

file: 5543-27761-0073.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_2: sare fe alcsen jrowve nurmain standing o erliluch cas bat a long wile and she cap lioking ant weluch gho with tendernessone fear
	layer_4: sar fevmal ecsand droven ouremain standing ofverlilutch gus bat a long wile and she cap looking at leluchgrt with tendrness and fear
	layer_6: sarfemalic and drovena remains standing over lolechgasbad a long while and she cap looking at liluchg with tenderness and fear
	layer_8: sara fia alexanddrovna remained standing over lalecha's bet a long while and she kept looking at lilasha with tenderness and fear
	layer_10: sara fima alexanddrovna remained standing over loleshka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lulashka with tenderness and fear
	layer_12: sara fiva alexandrovna remained standing over luletshka's bed a long while and she kept looking at luletshka with tenderness and fear

file: 5543-27761-0074.flac
expected: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall lelechka
	layer_2: i temother is at possible that isiold be able to pretacter she thugti she i magin the verious ils that might be fall lutchca
	layer_4: i mamother is at possible that ashoulnt be able to protacter she thought is she imagin the verious ills tat might be fallo lchca
	layer_6: im a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills tat might be fallolachca
	layer_8: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fall alachka
	layer_10: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall alashka
	layer_12: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall alashka

file: 5543-27761-0075.flac
expected: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_2: she prad long bat night but the praredid not eraleve her sadness
	layer_4: she praid long tat night buth the prayre did not releave her sadness
	layer_6: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_8: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_10: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_12: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness

file: 5543-27761-0076.flac
expected: several days passed lelechka caught cold
	layer_2: sevral dhese past wiel luch a cot col
	layer_4: several deys past wil luchg cot cold
	layer_6: several days pastd will luch god cot cold
	layer_8: several days pased will luch good cok cold
	layer_10: several days pasd wil much good cok cold
	layer_12: several days pased wil mutch good cock cold

file: 5543-27761-0077.flac
expected: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_2: the feever came pon hant night
	layer_4: the fev er came upon her ant night
	layer_6: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_8: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_10: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_12: the fever came upon her at night

file: 5543-27761-0078.flac
expected: when serafima aleksandrovna awakened by fedosya came to lelechka and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_2: when saerefy molcs aind jrovna awacen be fidosiya cande leluch genseao her looking sol hot so reslessin sair tarmenged she instinly recath ou bl oman and a hop was tispare tid posesion of her from the firs momence
	layer_4: when serefe malecs and jrovena awa can by fodosia cande la luchgon saw her looking so haot so rethsless and sor tarmented she instantly recalledth ewil omen and a hopeas disparitoc possession of her from the first moments
	layer_6: when seraphema alix an jovna awakened by pedosia camed o loluch gun saw her looking so hot so rehless and so taormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hope wess despari too possession of her from the first moments
	layer_8: when saraphema alexan jovna awakened by phidosia came to lelechgon saw her looking so hot so rehtless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despaire took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_10: when saraphima alexanddrovna awakened by pidosia came to lolechkan saw her looking so hot so rethless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_12: when saraphima alexanddrovna awakened by pidosia came to loletchka an saw her looking so hot so rethtless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments

file: 5543-27761-0079.flac
expected: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_2: a dacter was caed an everything was dom that hiseusuallancsuch casions but the an evible happen
	layer_4: a doctor was called an everything was dome that his usual un such a casioncs but the an eviable happened
	layer_6: a doctor was called in everything was done that is usual on such ccasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_8: a doctor was called an everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_10: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_12: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened

file: 5543-27761-0080.flac
expected: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_2: and theluch cag gr eeblar from mowur to houer
	layer_4: and lhe luchgi grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_6: and thelutchca grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_8: and lelechka grew fheebler from hour to hour
	layer_10: and lalechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_12: and leletchka grew feebler from hour to hour

file: 5543-27761-0081.flac
expected: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fedosya uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka
	layer_2: nothing mitter so an hap e as te reterations of fid ls ia u tterd betwe en sobs she hiderselfh andhiterself ourla lechga
	layer_4: nothing madter so and happi as the reterations of fidelsia atered between sobs she hidherself and hiterself our laletchga
	layer_6: nothing made her so undhappy as the rederations of pidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hit herself our lelechca
	layer_8: nothing made her so unhappy as the reterations of phidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself arlalechka
	layer_10: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of phidelcia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aurlaletchka
	layer_12: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of phidelcia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself arliletchka

file: 5543-27761-0082.flac
expected: fever was consuming lelechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium
	layer_2: fevere was conceeming wlaluchca and ther retimsan she las conciousiness in spekanderlearium
	layer_4: fever was conceeming lalutchca and there retimes ond she los consciousness ind spokendliarium
	layer_6: fever was conceming lalechca and theie re times hin she lost consciousness and spok en dolurium
	layer_8: fever was conceuming lalachka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoken tdelrium
	layer_10: fever was conseming lalacshka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in tolirium
	layer_12: fever was conseming lalachka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in to lirium

file: 5543-27761-0083.flac
expected: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_2: threedais pas torturing likea niyht mar
	layer_4: threedas pass torturing like a ight mar
	layer_6: three diys pass torturing like a nightmare
	layer_8: three days pass torturing like a nightmare
	layer_10: three days passd torturing like a nightmare
	layer_12: three days passed torturing like a nightmare

file: 5543-27761-0084.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_2: see femat alecsin jrowv ni hid ter faced be hind the curtn's near leluch cas bed ho tragict
	layer_4: sa fe ma aleccenjroven i hid her face be hind the curtain's near leluch cas bed how tragic
	layer_6: sarphema elicanjoven a hidther face behind the curtains near le luchcgas bed how tragic
	layer_8: sarphima elexand jovna hidt her face behind the curtains near lalechka's bed how tragic
	layer_10: sarphima alexanddrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lolechka's bed how tragic
	layer_12: sarphima alexanddrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lolecshka's bed how tragic

file: 5543-27761-0085.flac
expected: a white mamochka whispered lelechka
	layer_2: a wait nmo much gha wisprid l lucha
	layer_4: a wite ma muchga whisperedla luca
	layer_6: a white mamachgo whispered liluccka
	layer_8: a white mamahca whispered lalachia
	layer_10: a white mamachka whispered lulashka
	layer_12: a white mamachka whispered lulachka

file: 5543-27761-0086.flac
expected: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelechka
	layer_2: mo wuch was wat face bhe came blard an everythin gre darkt befor la luchca
	layer_4: mo mach as wite face became blurd and every thing grew dark before la luchca
	layer_6: mommochca's white face became blird and everything grew dark before lolecca
	layer_8: mamachka's white face became blured and everything grew dark before laulachka
	layer_10: momochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lulachika
	layer_12: momachka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lulachka

file: 5543-27761-0087.flac
expected: she met her husband
	layer_2: she metter hausbent
	layer_4: she metter husbant
	layer_6: she met er husband
	layer_8: she met her husband
	layer_10: she met her husband
	layer_12: she met her husband

file: 5543-27761-0088.flac
expected: serafima aicksandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_2: sarfe vme alecsand drove no wa standing ba the cofin and looking duliat her ded child
	layer_4: sarpfeman elecsand droveno as standing by the cofen and looking dulliat her ded child
	layer_6: sarphima elixand drovna was standing by the coffin and looking dulli at her dead child
	layer_8: sarphima elexandrovna was standing by the coffit and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_10: sarphima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_12: sarphima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child

file: 5543-27761-0089.flac
expected: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergey modestovich in a whisper
	layer_2: see lia myg dear downd agatat yourself said sagin mota sovich n a wisper
	layer_4: seemla my dear don'd agitate yourself said sairgam it a stovit an a whisper
	layer_6: semla my dear don't agitate yourself said cargan adastovitch in a whisper
	layer_8: simla my dear don't agitate yourself said sergan madastovitch in a whisper
	layer_10: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergi marosovitch in a whisper
	layer_12: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergi morosovitch in a whisper

file: 5543-27761-0090.flac
expected: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_2: you must resinyourself toyour fait
	layer_4: you must resin yourself to your fate
	layer_6: you must resin yourself to your fate
	layer_8: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_10: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_12: you must resign yourself to your fate

file: 5543-27761-0091.flac
expected: she'll be up in a minute persisted serafima aleksandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_2: sheall be op en a minit precisedsr femalecsen jrowve na her eyes fixd one the dedlittle girl
	layer_4: she'll be up in aminut prcisted sirpemalecen jovena her eyes ficxd on the deadlittle girl
	layer_6: she'll be up in a minute persisted arpmalixenjovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_8: she'll be up in a minute persisted saraphem alexan jovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_10: she'll be up in a minute persisted saraphiema alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_12: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarphima alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl

file: 5543-27761-0092.flac
expected: sergey modestovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_2: sairgame oft a stovicgelookedround him cosiously he was afrad of the un seemly in of the rediculus
	layer_4: sirgame ut a stovage looked round him cociously he was a fraitd of the unseemly an of the rediculus
	layer_6: cargame t a stovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unsemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_8: sergam maystovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_10: serg maristovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_12: serge marystovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous

file: 5543-27761-0093.flac
expected: sima don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_2: see my don ago tat yourself heu repeed
	layer_4: see mi don't agitate yourself he repeted
	layer_6: see my don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_8: see i don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_10: seem i don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_12: seem i don't agitate yourself he repeated

file: 5543-27761-0094.flac
expected: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_2: he was confesd an anoide
	layer_4: he was confewsed ian anoied
	layer_6: he was confused in anoyd
	layer_8: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_10: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_12: he was confused and annoyed

file: 5543-27761-0095.flac
expected: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry
	layer_2: her fae sehem trankle n her yes we dry
	layer_4: her face seem trankle on her ies were dri
	layer_6: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_8: her face seemed trankle and her eyes were dry
	layer_10: her face seemed tranquile and her eyes were dry
	layer_12: her face seemed tranquile and her eyes were dry

file: 5543-27761-0096.flac
expected: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lelechka used to hide herself
	layer_2: she won ento the narcteran begant walk round the room looking into thus places werela luch goa use to hidorself
	layer_4: she went into the nurseran began to walk rownd the room looking into thost places were law luchgul used to hide herself
	layer_6: she went into the nurseryn began to walk round the room looking into those places were lolechga used to hid herself
	layer_8: she went into the nursery n began to walk round the room looking into those places where lalecha used to hide herself
	layer_10: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where loletchka used to hide herself
	layer_12: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where loletchka used to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0097.flac
expected: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept on repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lelechka
	layer_2: she walkedal bout the room and bent nownd thented look undeod the ctablea undteo the bed ind ceptren repeetting cherfuly wheres my lit lone where is my lolutch ca
	layer_4: she walked allabout the room and bent now an then o look under the tableare un tr the bed and keptron repeting cherfully whereis mai little one where is my low lutchca
	layer_6: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and keptar in repeating cheerfully whereis my little one where is my lolechca
	layer_8: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table r under the bed and kept hin repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lalechka
	layer_10: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept e un repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lalatchka
	layer_12: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept un repeating cheerfully whereis my little one where is my lalatchka

file: 5543-27761-0098.flac
expected: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew
	layer_2: after she had walktrond ther room one she begount make her quas in neur
	layer_4: after she had walked ron the room once she beganto make her quest in eu
	layer_6: after she had walked ron the room once she began to make her quest in neu
	layer_8: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest on neuw
	layer_10: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in new
	layer_12: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest inew

file: 5543-27761-0099.flac
expected: fedosya motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_2: foit o sia motionmence witlh the decto fay sad on a corner and lookd frit d ot ter misteres thand she suddenly bursttat soping and she wael lably
	layer_4: fitasia motianles woith dhe dected face sat an a corner and looked frightend uter mistress than she suddenly burst at soping and she wald laudly
	layer_6: pitosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress than she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed louly
	layer_8: phidoia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_10: pidolscia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst ot sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_12: phidolcia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly

file: 5543-27761-0100.flac
expected: she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka our angelic little soul
	layer_2: she hid her souf an hittersolf ar le luch gr ar and jelih wittle soul
	layer_4: she hid herseufh and hidhersof aur lo letchgar ar and jelic uittle soul
	layer_6: she hid herself and hit herself are lolechgar ar and jelilittal soul
	layer_8: she hid herself and hid herself our lelechgar  and gelilittle soul
	layer_10: she hid herself and hid herself are lolatchgar ere and jeloc little soul
	layer_12: she hid herself and hid herself are lolatchgar er and jeloc little soul

file: 5543-27761-0101.flac
expected: when she entered the parlour there were several people between her and lelechka
	layer_2: when she enger the porlr there ra several pepr be tween her in l luchca
	layer_4: when she enter the prlowr there we several peoper between her inly luchca
	layer_6: when she entered the parlar ther was several peoper between her in leluchca
	layer_8: when she entered the parlor there wese several peoper between her and lelachka
	layer_10: when she entered the parlour there were several peeper between her and lulashka
	layer_12: when she entered the parlor there were several peeper between her and lulashka

file: 5543-27761-0102.flac
expected: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in serafima aleksandrovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_2: thet was in apressi feling of haviness iancerf malece sum jrvenes hadis she a preach laluchga
	layer_4: there was an appressi feeling of havviness ancsariphe malecsome jrorveness hadas she approached lalutcha
	layer_6: there was an appressiv feeling of heaviness an cserify malik some jovnuss hid as she approached liluca
	layer_8: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and sarafe ma like some jovna's head as she approached lalechka
	layer_10: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and sarahfewma like samjovna's head as she approached lelotchka
	layer_12: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and sara fhema like symdovna's head as she approached lelutchka

file: 5543-27761-0103.flac
expected: lelechka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_2: willuch go lay ther stilin pel an smiulp i feticly
	layer_4: willutchgo lay there still an pl and smiled pefetically
	layer_6: willuchgo lay there still an pale and smile pehetically
	layer_8: wil lachgo lay there still and pale and smile pathetically
	layer_10: wilatchka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_12: wilatchka lay there still and pale and smile pathetically

file: 5543-27761-0104.flac
expected: the little one did not reply
	layer_2: the litta anedid notr ply
	layer_4: the little one did notrply
	layer_6: the little one did not reply
	layer_8: the little one did not reply
	layer_10: the little one did not reply
	layer_12: the little one did not reply

file: 5543-27761-0105.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_2: sarfmalkcsan jr ne sid apbrect sid in a last way smild an catd ladwy wet luchga
	layer_4: serfe malcsan jerovn es sidaparect side an a lost way smiled and catd laudly wlet letchga
	layer_6: sarfemalic enjrovna stid apperect side in a lost way smile and coed loudly lelechka
	layer_8: serphe malexangrovna stood u perect side in a lost way smiled and caed loudly lulechka
	layer_10: saerapimalexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and caled loudly luletchka
	layer_12: seraphi malexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly luletchka

file: 5543-27761-0106.flac
expected: lelechka was being carried out
	layer_2: le luch os being carried out
	layer_4: who lutch gos beeing carried out
	layer_6: leletch goes being carried out
	layer_8: lo letchgoes being carried out
	layer_10: lolet gos being carried out
	layer_12: lo leth gois being carried out

file: 6841-88294-0000.flac
expected: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_2: at this mom mot the hav i betof stror on the rouw sase with meratolas sudness leaveen the ou saut world imty of soud sa for the drip drip drip o ves
	layer_4: at this mome et the heave ybet of h strormon the roof sesed with maretalas sudness leaven the oultsout world impty of sound sayn for the drip drip dripp of vevese
	layer_6: at this moment the heavy beat ofth strorm on the roof seased with miractulous suddeness leaving the outsit world empty of sound saint for the drip drip drip of eves
	layer_8: at this moment the heavy beat of a storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound sing for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_10: at this moment the heavy beat of he storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound sing for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_12: at this moment the heavy beat of he storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound sing for the drip drip drip of eaves

file: 6841-88294-0001.flac
expected: we had every sort of people with us off and on and as i was lookout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_2: we ad eversort of peopwort hi solf enon an as o was lookaethat u pp ther gaim a sal the mal
	layer_4: we had ever sort of peoplerth ha solf enom and as i was look o that a popler game i saw the mal
	layer_6: we had ever sort of people woth a soften onm and as i was look out that a popler game i saw them all
	layer_8: we had every sort of people with a sofpen on and as i was look out that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_10: we had every sort of people worth a sophen om and as i was look out at a popular game i saw tem all
	layer_12: we had every sort of people worth a sofphen om and as i was look out at a popular game i saw them all

file: 6841-88294-0002.flac
expected: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt a sharp stab in my left leg
	layer_2: at the sameinsinent a hear the ripof stil hrou cla hand fil ther sharp stavbhim he lefe lag
	layer_4: at the same incsnento heard the roip of still hrough cla and felt the sharpd stab him a left leg
	layer_6: at the same instnant to heard the roip of still through clouth and felt the sharp stabb him a left lig
	layer_8: at the same insinat to heard the rip of still through cloth and felt to sharp stabb him a left leg
	layer_10: at the same instant a heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt tho sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_12: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt to sharp stab him a left leg

file: 6841-88294-0003.flac
expected: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_2: then a skat ed to see whad ed coume and foun hart the fillid los to hand
	layer_4: then i scouted to see whatedo cut me and foundthat the filli ad los o hand
	layer_6: then i scouted to see what hiad o cut me and found that the felli had lost a hand
	layer_8: then i scouted to see what hadto cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_10: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_12: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand

file: 6841-88294-0004.flac
expected: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_2: and placeof it he ware a shirpe still hoook
	layer_4: and place of it he were a sharbe still hoook
	layer_6: and place of it he wore a sharb still hook
	layer_8: an place of it he wore a sharb steel hook
	layer_10: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_12: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook

file: 6841-88294-0005.flac
expected: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_2: there was no dout ofeas beein a li for he was breetnhan hear li c aman dos when e gits it over th head it in' soun good
	layer_4: there was no doubt of as be an alif for he was breeantant heard likc am man dos when o getshit over the had it in't soun good
	layer_6: there was no doubt of his bein alive for he was breat en hard like a man dos when te gets it over the hid it didn't sound good
	layer_8: there was no doubt of his bein alive for he was breatind hard like a man does when he gets it over the hed it didn't sound good
	layer_10: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_12: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the hed it didn't sound good

file: 6841-88294-0006.flac
expected: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_2: when a man brea t ait way his mosty all gon
	layer_4: when a man breatst at way his most tly allgon
	layer_6: when a man breets that way his mostly all gone
	layer_8: when a man breets that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_10: when a man breeths that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_12: when a man breeths that way he is mostly all gone

file: 6841-88294-0007.flac
expected: men got batted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_2: mein gat betid overt heard otan anohan thos dayse
	layer_4: men got betit overt head offen anoghan those days
	layer_6: men got bettit over th head often enough in those days
	layer_8: men got bet it over head offen enough in those days
	layer_10: men got betted over head offten enough in those days
	layer_12: men got betted over head offen enough in those days

file: 6841-88294-0008.flac
expected: sour wine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no soothing syrup
	layer_2: so win's fin a putd a woond in shape to hel but is no soutn serip
	layer_4: sor inehis find a put a woun an shaped to hel but is no souidan sirip
	layer_6: soer wine is find ht put a wound and shape to heel but it's no sut an sirup
	layer_8: saer wine is find at put a wound in shape to heel but it's no suit an syrup
	layer_10: saar wine is find it put a wound in shape to heal but it's no suitin syrup
	layer_12: sawer wine is fine tit put a wound in shape to heal but it's no suitin syrup

file: 6841-88294-0009.flac
expected: their coffin was their ship and their grave it was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea down on the coast of the high barbaree
	layer_2: their coltin wis their ship and the graethar was the see blow hi blow low what care we and he oarte that wegave thand was the seent t em in the se dn on the cost of the had barbery
	layer_4: their calfen wers their ship and the gray thet was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarterd that we gave them was tho sin them in the sea don on the coast of the hid barbery
	layer_6: their colffin wers their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter thay we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the hi barberi
	layer_8: their coffin wersd their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari
	layer_10: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari
	layer_12: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari

file: 6841-88294-0010.flac
expected: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight and the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_2: it fer made ma her ris oa herin with a bg stil somn desid out sie an the quieat monlight in t sheadtolws and him set inupb straten gont his as blasoneeach sid his bidegle nos and is sniky haire hing on over the rall cud o crolsas he ad
	layer_4: it fer made ma her rise to hearehim with tha bgs still salm desird out sid and the quiet moon light in ta shatdows and him settin up straightain gont his e s blasand each side his bigygale knows and his snky hair hingin over the ra cut o croses hhad
	layer_6: it far made my har rive to hear him with a big still salemn desered outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him settin up straight and gant his eyeas blae and each side his big egale knose and hits snicky hair hing ind over the ra cut across his hed
	layer_8: it fair made my hair rivse to hear him with a big still slemn deserd outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setteingd up straight and gaunt his eyes blazined each side his big eagle nose and his snacky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_10: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with a big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_12: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with a big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazine each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head

file: 6841-88294-0011.flac
expected: however i made out to get him bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_2: ho worvero made out to gittin bandidgeup an ind shape and preteson he sort of wonto sleep
	layer_4: how wover a made out to gittin banda jup and and shape and pretty soon he sort of ont to sleep
	layer_6: however i made out to gitting banda jup and in shape and pretty soon he sort of wont to sleep
	layer_8: however i made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_10: however im made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon hes sort of want to sleep
	layer_12: however i' made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon he's sort of went to sleep

file: 6841-88294-0012.flac
expected: then again he'd sing that barbaree song until i'd go out and look at the old colorado flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died and gone below or else he'd just talk
	layer_2: and aganiyt seing that wareresom i tl ud gwad look at theil cala rot o floan bygjis to be sur ied dhad ganbelow rilshe jus talk
	layer_4: and agin it seng that warbery so mentil h goad look at the ll caloa rot of floon byjest to be sure i ht an dad and gombelow wor aelshe justalk
	layer_6: an again hi't sing that barbory so muntill i' gooudand look at the ol collarot of flowin by id just to be sure ihdn did an't gone below er elsie just talk
	layer_8: an again he'd sing that barbary somuntill i'd go out and look at the old colleradto flowing by jest to be sure i hadn' died in gone below or elsie just talk
	layer_10: en again he'd sing that barbary song men till i'd go out and look at the old colorada flowin by jest to be sure i hadn't died in gone below or elsied jest talk
	layer_12: en again he'd sing that barbary sowg me till i'd go out and look at the old colorada flowin by jest to be sure i hadn't died in' gone below or elsie jest talk

file: 6841-88294-0013.flac
expected: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_2: he begam het he was a kad and he gave os sad of convrsatins palsan for e plis
	layer_4: he began when he was a kid and hegave his site of conversations pallsand for edplis
	layer_6: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pausan for heplies
	layer_8: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paulsin for replies
	layer_10: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_12: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paulsing for replies

file: 6841-88294-0014.flac
expected: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_2: i usedsolisnd bo the hour but a tever made ot an thing ralling portdenes to who the man was where he come fron a whady don
	layer_4: i us tolisten by the hour but in never made out anything realling portanes to who the man was awhere he come forom a whaty done
	layer_6: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really importntas to who the man was orwhere he come fr om a what he done
	layer_8: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from o what hed done
	layer_10: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_12: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done

file: 6841-88294-0015.flac
expected: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet
	layer_2: i d in paini ttinci tn forehis quit
	layer_4: iad int paini attentien tn for is quiet
	layer_6: i dn't payny attentiont to im for youse quiet
	layer_8: i didn't pay any attention to him for you'se quiet
	layer_10: i didn't pay any attention to him for you 's quiet
	layer_12: i didn't pay any attention to him for ye's quiet

file: 6841-88294-0016.flac
expected: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn
	layer_2: usualatd in bo the with his talp for a did menin thing a somethen in as vos made turm
	layer_4: usuall ad idn bo ther with his tallp for a didn' mean ny thing a somethen in is voice ma bmeterm
	layer_6: usuall i didn't bother with his tulp for a didn't mean anything a something in his voice mayde me term
	layer_8: usually i didn't bother with his tallk for it didn't mean anything as something in his voice made me tern
	layer_10: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn
	layer_12: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn

file: 6841-88294-0017.flac
expected: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_2: he was ly an on a sied thoos black eyes of he his blasona me be nowt bot ro them sal the same distens
	layer_4: he was liyan on aside thos black eyes of he his blasonat me but nowt both of them sa the same distence
	layer_6: he was lion on his side those black eyes of has blason at me but now a both of them sa the same distance
	layer_8: he was lion on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_10: he was liing on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_12: he was liing on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance

file: 6841-88294-0018.flac
expected: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_2: wher y clo was he est veringtine
	layer_4: werea my clow as he ased veringtense
	layer_6: wherer my clo s he asked varyig tens
	layer_8: where are my clohes he asked verying tens
	layer_10: where are my clothes he asked verying tintse
	layer_12: where are my clothes he asked verying tintse

file: 6841-88294-0019.flac
expected: one little squeeze talk about your deadly weapons
	layer_2: on loe squees tlk batchr dadly wepencs
	layer_4: on litle squees telk batcr dadly weapens
	layer_6: one little squeeze talk batchr dadly weapons
	layer_8: one little squeeze tulk batcher deadly weapons
	layer_10: one little squeeze tulk batcher deadly weapons
	layer_12: one little squeeze tulk batcher deadly weapons

file: 6841-88294-0020.flac
expected: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_2: but he been to sickan to logabrd
	layer_4: but he been to sickond to logabed
	layer_6: but he been too sick end too long abed
	layer_8: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_10: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_12: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed

file: 6841-88294-0021.flac
expected: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_2: an a minner a so he came to
	layer_4: in a minter to sol he came to
	layer_6: in a minur o sellf he came too
	layer_8: in a minue or so he came to
	layer_10: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_12: in a minute or so he came to

file: 6841-88294-0022.flac
expected: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_2: nya your a nig sweet proposition said i as soons ou iate shure he coud euter stamme
	layer_4: nw you're a nig sweet proposition said i as soonas i is sure he could uterstand me
	layer_6: now your a nighc sweek proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could uterstand me
	layer_8: now yu're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_10: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_12: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me

file: 6841-88294-0023.flac
expected: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_2: ther safe anogh len me hav thom he begd
	layer_4: there safe anough len me had them he beged
	layer_6: there'e safe enough len me have them he begged
	layer_8: they 'rs safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_10: they are safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_12: they are safe enough let me have them he begged

file: 6841-88294-0024.flac
expected: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_2: no look er sit i you cank get up to day you in't fit
	layer_4: no look here said i you can't get up to day you in't fit
	layer_6: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_8: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_10: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_12: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit

file: 6841-88294-0025.flac
expected: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_2: a kno he pleded a linme see hen
	layer_4: a kno he pleated at limmy see them
	layer_6: an know he pleted but li me see them
	layer_8: ad know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_10: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_12: i know he pleaded but let me see them

file: 6841-88294-0026.flac
expected: just to satisfy him i passed over his old duds
	layer_2: jis e saisfine a past overes ol dords
	layer_4: just a satisfiame ut paset over is ol derds
	layer_6: just a satisfiane u past over his al dirds
	layer_8: just as satisfy him ae passed over his all dirds
	layer_10: just as satisfy him hat passed over his oll dirds
	layer_12: just as satisfy him at passed over his oll dirts

file: 6841-88294-0027.flac
expected: i've been robbed he cried
	layer_2: ave tin road he crit
	layer_4: afe been rabed he cried
	layer_6: avebeen rabed he cried
	layer_8: have been rabbed he cried
	layer_10: have been robbed he cried
	layer_12: have been rabbed he cried

file: 6841-88294-0028.flac
expected: where's my coat he asked
	layer_2: wers ma cot he es
	layer_4: weres ma coat he aset
	layer_6: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_8: whre's ma coat he asked
	layer_10: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_12: where's ma coat he asked

file: 6841-88294-0029.flac
expected: you had no coat when i picked you up i replied
	layer_2: you whed no co when u pit you up ireplied
	layer_4: you head not cot en u pit you up ir replied
	layer_6: you had no kowhen i pith you up i replied
	layer_8: you had no coat when i pitc you up i replied
	layer_10: you had no coat when i pitch you up i replied
	layer_12: you had no coat when i pitch you up i replied

file: 6841-88294-0030.flac
expected: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_2: he loked o me modis te spiscius bu didn' sanything more he would ne enansar en ou spoke to em
	layer_4: he looked ha me motese te spicious but didn't san ything more he would ne ren ansere whan a spoke to him
	layer_6: he looked at me modiy s sospicious but didn't say anything more he would nean answer went i spoke to him
	layer_8: he looked at me midy suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn' eve an answer when i spoke to him
	layer_10: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn'tevean answer when i spoke to him
	layer_12: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't evean answer when i spoke to him

file: 6841-88294-0031.flac
expected: after he'd eaten a fair meal he fell asleep
	layer_2: after he deden tha fir mall hy fell sleet
	layer_4: after he deen a fair maile he fellas sleep
	layer_6: after he deeden a fair male he fell asleep
	layer_8: after he deedn't a fair male he fell asleep
	layer_10: after he'd eedn't a fair mal he fell asleep
	layer_12: after he'd eeden't a fair male he fell asleep

file: 6841-88294-0032.flac
expected: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_2: hen a came backt that even an the bunk asempti an he was gan
	layer_4: when i came back that even n the bunk was impty and he was gon
	layer_6: when i came back that even in te bunk was emptyand he was gone
	layer_8: when i came back that even andte bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_10: when i came back that even ing the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_12: when i came back that evenin ing the bunk was empty and he was gone

file: 6841-88294-0033.flac
expected: i didn't see him again for two days
	layer_2: it in seem ae ganfortwu days
	layer_4: it in seeme thegan fortwuo days
	layer_6: i din't seem agan for two days
	layer_8: i did't seem agan for two days
	layer_10: i didn't seem agan for two days
	layer_12: i didn't seem again for two days

file: 6841-88294-0034.flac
expected: then i caught sight of him quite a ways off
	layer_2: tin a cut saddevn quet awais ol
	layer_4: thn a cut sat ifn quat aways o
	layer_6: then a cut sat oe quete aways olf
	layer_8: then i cut sat  himd quit a ways off
	layer_10: then i cagt sigd of im quut a ways off
	layer_12: then i caut sigd of him quut a ways off

file: 6841-88294-0035.flac
expected: guess he suspicions i stole that old coat of his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_2: gesseese uspicius i sto thorl couto heas thinkxi and ettwars a foundtheat my sormis ad beencorrit
	layer_4: gess hes uspicious is sto thau will coto heis thinksi and afterwards a foud that my sumise hat been coarept
	layer_6: guess hes suspicius i sto that ill cortor his thinks i and afterwards ae foud that mys surmise had been correcet
	layer_8: guess he' suspicious i stole that old cater hirs thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_10: guess he's suspicious i stol that old coter his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_12: guess he's suspicious i stole that old qoter his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct

file: 6841-88294-0036.flac
expected: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_2: ho wever he td in stay lalm an that franof mide
	layer_4: how wever he din stay long in that fram f mind
	layer_6: however he didn't stay long n that fram of minde
	layer_8: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mine
	layer_10: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_12: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind

file: 6841-88294-0037.flac
expected: i ran up pulling my gun
	layer_2: a ranou pum agn
	layer_4: a rano pom agn
	layer_6: arana porm agun
	layer_8: irana po magun
	layer_10: arana po magun
	layer_12: aran a po ma gun

file: 6841-88294-0038.flac
expected: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_2: amakes was flit uns fac is am strichd oup
	layer_4: a mags was flagt oncs face is arm stritched out
	layer_6: e meks was flat onis face his arms stritched out
	layer_8: te mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_10: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_12: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out

file: 6841-88294-0039.flac
expected: on the middle of his back knelt my one armed friend
	layer_2: on the mil of his backn l a won arn frand
	layer_4: on the midle of has back ne ma one oarn frand
	layer_6: on the middle of his back neima one arn friand
	layer_8: on the middle of his back nem a one arme friend
	layer_10: on the middle of his back ne my one armed friend
	layer_12: on the middle of his back ne my one armed friend

file: 6841-88294-0040.flac
expected: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt's into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_2: inyway athresst amuzeof ma coltento th sailse face what's theirsi est
	layer_4: anyway at thresst hamoze of my coaltento the salorgs face what's theisi est
	layer_6: anyway a threst the muzle of my colt in to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_8: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my coltin to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_10: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_12: anyway i thrust the muzzle ofr my colt into the sailor's face what's this i asked

file: 6841-88294-0041.flac
expected: i ween heem at monte off antonio curvez said he
	layer_2: iwin he mid monty of an tonyoua curvis said he
	layer_4: i wn he midmont you off an tontya curvis said he
	layer_6: i wen him id montu off antonia curves said he
	layer_8: i wlen him admanti ofan tonio curvis said he
	layer_10: i ween him admanti o fantonio curvis said he
	layer_12: i wen him admanti of fantonio curvis said he

file: 6841-88294-0042.flac
expected: the gleam died from his eye the snarl left his lips
	layer_2: the gleam di from his i the snall lif his wlips
	layer_4: the gleeamed died from his ei the snarl lift is lips
	layer_6: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips
	layer_8: the gleam died from his eye the snrl lift his lips
	layer_10: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips
	layer_12: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips

file: 6841-88294-0043.flac
expected: in any case he flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_2: and anycasy fle pokl prat leve me a magh frinedtogether
	layer_4: and any casey fluw pokl proto leave me and myuh friend together
	layer_6: and any case he flew pokal proto leave me and my friend together
	layer_8: in any case he flew pok proto leave me and my friend together
	layer_10: in any case he flew poko proto leave me and my friend together
	layer_12: in any case he flew poko proto leave me and my friend together

file: 6841-88294-0044.flac
expected: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly doing odd jobs i saw him off and on
	layer_2: drind the nexe who montc he was a good dial bout tow mose doano jobes i sawi moff anim
	layer_4: drnd the next who month he was a good deal bout tow moste do an ord jorbs i saw i mof enime
	layer_6: durng the next who month she was a good deal bout tow mostly doin our jobs i' saw i moff an ine
	layer_8: during the next wo months she was a good deal about town mostly doing o jobs i saw him offe im
	layer_10: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly doing ad jobs i saw him affa am
	layer_12: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly duin ad jobs i saw him affan im

file: 6841-88294-0045.flac
expected: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_2: however id in pae much atinthiin to that be in athetime all migde buse hold don accargames
	layer_4: however i d in pay much attenction to that be in at the time all mighte busy holdn down ma card games
	layer_6: however i din't pay much attention to that be in at the time al mighty busy holden down ma card games
	layer_8: however i did't pay much attention to that being at the time al mighty busy holding down ma card games
	layer_10: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time allmighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_12: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time all mighty busy holding down my card games

file: 6841-88294-0046.flac
expected: that's all right said i but you better stay right there
	layer_2: as all riete sid i whic he' biter stay rut ther
	layer_4: as al rigt said i bhith yo' biter stay rut there
	layer_6: that's all right said i but you better stay ruht there
	layer_8: thats all right said i but you'd better stay roght there
	layer_10: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rogt there
	layer_12: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rot there

file: 6841-88294-0047.flac
expected: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_2: i'wen to make up to you forye trouble sit e
	layer_4: in went to make up to you for ye trouble sit he
	layer_6: i went to make up to you for yu trouble said he
	layer_8: i want to make up to you for you trouble said he
	layer_10: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_12: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he

file: 6841-88294-0048.flac
expected: what kind of a good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_2: r con of goit thing iast treasre saidhe
	layer_4: le cone of good thing iest treasure said he
	layer_6: wha' cont of good thing iasked treasure said he
	layer_8: what cont of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_10: what koind of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_12: what kond of good thing i asked treasure said he

file: 6841-88294-0049.flac
expected: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_2: he loooked all ridinogh nothe drunt nera loko
	layer_4: he looked alrigdynough now the druntnora loko
	layer_6: he looked all right enough now ther drunpnor loco
	layer_8: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_10: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_12: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco

file: 6841-88294-0050.flac
expected: sit down said i over there the other side the table
	layer_2: sit ounsad i over ther the ethe sut oethe table
	layer_4: sed oun sid i over there the othe sotof te table
	layer_6: set oun said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_8: set owunt said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_10: sit down said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_12: sit down said i over there the other side of the table

file: 6841-88294-0051.flac
expected: he did so now fire away said i
	layer_2: he ditd so ne far way sad i
	layer_4: he didt so a far oway sit i
	layer_6: he did so a far away said i
	layer_8: he did so afar away said i
	layer_10: he did so not far away said i
	layer_12: he did so no far away said i

file: 6841-88294-0052.flac
expected: and it's a big thing said handy solomon to me for they's not only gold but altar jewels and diamonds
	layer_2: and it'so bike thain said handty solmetime for thes not onlh gol but all tr jes and damens
	layer_4: and its of big thing sain handty sole menti me for theyse not only gol but altrjwls and dimons
	layer_6: and it's a big thing sin handy solomenti me for they's not only gol but altero jewels and diamonds
	layer_8: and it's a big thing said handy solomon time for they 's not only gold but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_10: and it's a big thing said handy solomon time for they's not only gold but altr jewels and diamonds
	layer_12: and it's a big thing said handy solomon ti me for they's not only gold but altr jewels and di'monds

file: 6841-88294-0053.flac
expected: it will make us rich and a dozen like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_2: itwr make as rich and ha dus nlieus and ecin kis thof book on that
	layer_4: itwl make as rich and a dosan likeus and econ kisst hf book on that
	layer_6: it will make as rich and i doesen' like us and econ kisse the book on that
	layer_8: it will make us rich and i doesn't like us and he can kiss the book on that
	layer_10: it will make us rich and a doezn't like us and he can kiss the book on that
	layer_12: it will make us rich and a doezen't like us and he can kiss the book on that

file: 6841-88294-0054.flac
expected: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_2: thet may aol be trusid ar bhe wi detell m
	layer_4: thet may all be tru s it i but why etell me
	layer_6: that may all be tru eid i but why dy tell me
	layer_8: that may all be true sad i but why d you tell me
	layer_10: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_12: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me

file: 6841-88294-0055.flac
expected: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_2: wh t on to git yo trersaowit thouthe neede dovidnent
	layer_4: why don't to get yo trersroth hout the nedte devidnent
	layer_6: why don't yo get you treasur witout the need of dividnant
	layer_8: why don't you get you treasure without the need of dividinat
	layer_10: why don't you get you treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_12: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it

file: 6841-88294-0056.flac
expected: why mate he answered it's just plain gratitude
	layer_2: why mate he enswered is just plaine greathitod
	layer_4: why made he enswered is just plain greathi tude
	layer_6: why made he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_8: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_10: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_12: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude

file: 6841-88294-0057.flac
expected: didn't you save my life and nuss me and take care of me when i was nigh killed
	layer_2: din you save a lif an nust me and take carved me when it was no ld
	layer_4: din you save maliufe and nust me and take carof me when i was ni cilld
	layer_6: didn' you save my life an nus me and take car of me when i was not killed
	layer_8: did't you save my life and nus me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_10: didn't you save my life and nuse me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_12: didn't you save my life and nuse me and take care of me when i was not killed

file: 6841-88294-0058.flac
expected: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_2: look er anderson or hany salmen awheat ever you pleased o cyuself ourijint to theis e frigone to do buses of me and it do not understanyet jus whatity as you wone oft me you'llhavft tolx streagt
	layer_4: look her anderson or handy solmen a whatever you pleased to caol yuself iur rejoine to this e frigoin't to do busins wif me and ti do not understand yet just whatity as you want of me you'l have the talk straight
	layer_6: look here anderson or handy solomen a whatever you please to cal yourself iu rejoin to this yoe frgoing to do busins with me and i do not understand yet just what it eas you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_8: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoind to this you forgoing to do businsswith me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_10: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoin to this you forgoing to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_12: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoin to this you forgoing to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight

file: 6841-88294-0059.flac
expected: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_2: is alver  wel the sae gratitod but thea on' go with me
	layer_4: it's al veri well o sa graditue but the on't go with me
	layer_6: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_8: it's all very well to say gratitude but tha don't go with me
	layer_10: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_12: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me

file: 6841-88294-0060.flac
expected: the devil's a preacher if you ain't lost your pinfeathers said he
	layer_2: the devewas a ppreture of  loste pinfethe said he
	layer_4: the devels a preathure if nm lost o penfather said he
	layer_6: the devils a preachere if ny lost ya penfather said he
	layer_8: the devil's a preacher if n lost your penfeather said he
	layer_10: the devil's a preacher if n lost your pen feather said he
	layer_12: the devil's a preacher if  lost your pen feather said he

file: 6841-88294-0061.flac
expected: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stocked
	layer_2: wlls this than i gut to have bo to git ther and she mus be stoppet
	layer_4: wells this then i got to heave boat to get there and she most be stopped
	layer_6: wella's this thein i' got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_8: well 's this then i' got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_10: well it's this thin i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_12: well it's this thin i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped

file: 6841-88294-0062.flac
expected: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was
	layer_2: and a got to have help with h treasur if i slihke his fel sad an wars
	layer_4: and a got to have help with the treasure if islike this fell said at wos
	layer_6: and i got to have help with the treasure if is lik thes fellws said it was
	layer_8: and i got to have help with the treasure if is like this fello said it was
	layer_10: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellows said it was
	layer_12: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellows said it was

file: 6841-88294-0063.flac
expected: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in as pardner
	layer_2: is money a got to have and is moneya haven't got and can gead an liss olits some od ean is pardner
	layer_4: its money a got to have and is money a haven't got and kin' gi ind liss a lit sumebodein his pardner
	layer_6: it's money i' got to have and it's money a havn't got and kan' gid an liss a letes somebody in his pardner
	layer_8: it's money i got to have and it's money i havn't got and can't get unless i let somebody in his pardner
	layer_10: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in his parner
	layer_12: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got an can't get unless i lets somebody in his part'ner

file: 6841-88294-0064.flac
expected: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_2: whi meas wy not he retartit
	layer_4: whie me ast whye not he retortit
	layer_6: wy me  asked why not he retorted
	layer_8: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_10: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_12: why me i asked why not he retorted

file: 6841-88294-0065.flac
expected: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_2: whe halk he matter ovrid lengk
	layer_4: we htalke the matter overit lienk
	layer_6: we talke the matter over at lengh
	layer_8: we talk the matter over at length
	layer_10: we talk the matter over at length
	layer_12: we talk the matter over at length

file: 6841-88294-0066.flac
expected: i stood out for a larger party
	layer_2: astod af for a largeeporty
	layer_4: as stood af for a largeeparty
	layer_6: i stood after a largef party
	layer_8: i stood after a larger party
	layer_10: i stood after a larger party
	layer_12: i stood after a larger party

file: 6841-88294-0067.flac
expected: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_2: he strongly apose thisis depreci ade n the shaires but a head nowntintion of gon alon en to whiat was tantcin sitre oa willd  dangerous country faly we copermis
	layer_4: he strongdly aposed this es depreciet n the shairs but i had now intention of gon alon intowhat was dhin con sidered of wildn dangerous country finely we compermized
	layer_6: he strongly opposed this as depreciate n the shars but i had no intention of going alone into what was thin considered of walden dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_8: he strongly opposed this as depreciatein the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a waldand dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_10: he strongly opposed this as depreciatein the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild end dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_12: he strongly opposed this as depreciatein the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild end dangerous country finally we compromised

file: 6841-88294-0068.flac
expected: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_2: i thirt of the trcuawasto godo hoim a thir to me and the rest wasto bed avodet among the man whomushoud solect this skened id nothap pil t him
	layer_4: a thirt o the turtulwas to godto him a thir to me and the resto was to bet evited among the man who usshud solect this sckene id not apileto him
	layer_6: a third of the treiasa was to go to him a thir to me and the resto was to be devided among the man whomi should select this skheme did not appill to him
	layer_8: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i cshould select this skheme did not appeall to him
	layer_10: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_12: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him

file: 6841-88291-0000.flac
expected: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and dropped back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_2: te sinsther existeo frus no resmonsability we eactreportet dutifuly at the rol call of habit and dro bact in to ar blinkets o the greatul si
	layer_4: tbes sinster existe frus no resmonsibuility we each reportit dutifully at the rolle call of habit and rou back into our blenk its withthe greatful si
	layer_6: bet since ther existe for us no responsibility we each report it dutifully at the rolle call of habit and raw backd into our blankets with a grateful sid
	layer_8: but since there existe for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sighe
	layer_10: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_12: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh

file: 6841-88291-0001.flac
expected: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lying before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowing of cattle in the corrals
	layer_2: ouramembr the mone silin a good gae among the parnley stationary cladles a recall it dee bleke shadt a lined with for distiantsove re moutans a glanstorver the starkmotion ust canvises each a which consilld a man the re trimbled with e bellong ene of cattle in the corouls
	layer_4: iremember the moon sailand a good gade among a par inly stationary cloudletds i recall i deep black shatow liand with fore distan silvery mountans i glancst over the stark motionalous canvases each of which consiledta man the rd trimbled with the belen ene of cattle ind the corous
	layer_6: i remember the moon sailen a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlds i recall a deep black shadow liond be fore distant silvery mountains i glanced over the starg motionalous canvases each of which concilled a man the ard trembled with the belloin of cattle ind the caras
	layer_8: i remember the moon salind a good gate among apparently stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionles canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowin of cattle and the corals
	layer_10: i remember the moon sailing a good gate among apparently stationary cloudles i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowin of cattle and the corrals
	layer_12: i remember the moon sailing a good gate among apparently stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowin of cattle and the corrals

file: 6841-88291-0002.flac
expected: seemingly but a moment later the cook's howl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_2: simnly but a momat lated the cookshod brub me the cunchius niss again
	layer_4: sily but of moment later the cooks howd brugbme the conscioeus ness again
	layer_6: simminly but a moment later the cooks how brough me to consciousness again
	layer_8: simmonly but a moment later the cookshow brought me to consciousness again
	layer_10: simminly but a moment later the cook's how brought me to consciousness again
	layer_12: simminley but a moment later the cook's how brought me to consciousness again

file: 6841-88291-0003.flac
expected: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the stray herd from the corrals to good feed three branding crews were told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_2: thre wourldocare for th remodu fovewer t o move the stray herefrom the crous o good feed three bran cruseere tol  brand the cas we at cleceted in the cud of the aftrnume for that sioko   bout halvethe man
	layer_4: three woere to care for the remodoa fovewere to move the stragt herd from the croused to good feed three brene crues re told to brand the cas we ha collected in the cut of the afteronoom before that sookop a bout halvf the mn
	layer_6: three were to care for the remoda fivewere to move the straight heard from the crowse to good feed three brenn cruws were told to brand the cas we had collected ind the cut of the afternoom before that took up about half the men
	layer_8: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight herd from the caraws to good feed three bredand crews were told to brand the cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_10: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight herd from the karralls to good feed three brandand crews were told to brand the cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took u about half the men
	layer_12: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the straight herd from the carrals to good feed three brendand crews were told to brand the cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men

file: 6841-88291-0004.flac
expected: the rest were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_2: the ris wereto make a shor drove ant sold grass
	layer_4: the risere to make a shore drive n the solat grass
	layer_6: the ristwere to make a shore drive in he sald grass
	layer_8: the ris were to make a shore drive in the sald grass
	layer_10: the rists were to make a shore drive in the salid grass
	layer_12: the rists were to make a shore drive in the salid grass

file: 6841-88291-0005.flac
expected: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards distant
	layer_2: we weare the ona onse who did go af foat however a though the crowus were not more then two hunderd yargis distence
	layer_4: we were te on a once who did go o foot however athough the crows were not more then two hundred yarge hs distance
	layer_6: we were the ono once who did go a foot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yards's distance
	layer_8: we were the ony oncs who did go afoot however although the craws were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_10: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the crals were not more than two hundred yards ats distance
	layer_12: we were the only one who did go afoot however although the corawls were not more than two hundred yards at distance

file: 6841-88291-0006.flac
expected: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next the fence
	layer_2: bhichtwen the upprit bars of grece wood with aed see the cattl andner the ups as sud the min bold in a fir  nix the fentce
	layer_4: butwen the up rigt bars of greast wood with cid see the cattle and yar the ops its side the men built en a fire a next the fence
	layer_6: betwen the uprigt bards of greiece wood we could see the cattle and neare the ops es side the men built in a fire next tefince
	layer_8: betwen the upright bars of grease wood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men built in a fire next e fence
	layer_10: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next te fence
	layer_12: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build ing a fire next the fence

file: 6841-88291-0007.flac
expected: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_2: we pist op in the wied gat en innerd
	layer_4: we pushed op in the wide gate en entered
	layer_6: we pushed open the wide gate and entred
	layer_8: we pushed open the wit gate and entered
	layer_10: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_12: we pushed open the wide gate and entered

file: 6841-88291-0008.flac
expected: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long j h stamping irons in his hand
	layer_2: enceted widet fomemdthe finish tat she f of lol jage step en irans in his hand
	layer_4: wenceted witen fo hem tefinish a shefo lo jace step and irans in his hand
	layer_6: hncetood witten for them to finish a shief of lon gage stp and ironds in his hand
	layer_8: whncestoid witing for them to finish a shief of lang g ge stepind irons in his hand
	layer_10: whon sdid waiting for them to finish a scheaf of long g  stamp and irons in his hand
	layer_12: whone sdid waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long g  stamp and irons in his hand

file: 6841-88291-0009.flac
expected: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_2: iall the reas squat ed on ther hels an long the fins smokad sigerats ot chet a getbher
	layer_4: ill the resst squaiteed on their hils along the finc smokgand sigaruts and chatin agether
	layer_6: all the rist squated on their hills along the fince smok in sigaretes and chatin agether
	layer_8: all the rists squatted on their hells along the fence smoke in cigarttes and chaten ogether
	layer_10: all the rists squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chaten together
	layer_12: all the rists squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatten together

file: 6841-88291-0010.flac
expected: the first rays of the sun slanted across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_2: ta fir ist ras of the son sined o crose and one greate sweep from theremod mouns
	layer_4: a firest ras ot the son signed a crosse and one great sweep fom the remod mouns
	layer_6: thet first rays oft the sunth signtetd acrosse and one great sweep from the remode moutains
	layer_8: thet first rays of the sunt signded across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_10: the first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_12: the first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remote moutains

file: 6841-88291-0011.flac
expected: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_2: homer woulddn ha nold celf fonthe jon rot in among the cattl
	layer_4: homer wouldn an old keal founte jhn rod in among the cattle
	layer_6: homer wooden and old calltfornty john rote in among the cattle
	layer_8: homer woodden and old califhorny john rote in among the cattle
	layer_10: homer wooden and old californy john rode in among the cattle
	layer_12: homer wooden and old californy john rode in among the cattle

file: 6841-88291-0012.flac
expected: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_2: as he loop setled he jurk sharply upard axackl his one would strict hook a bike fish
	layer_4: as he loped settled he jerk sharply uppward exactl is one would strice to hook a bigk fish
	layer_6: as the loope settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_8: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_10: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_12: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish

file: 6841-88291-0013.flac
expected: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and sat over in one stirrup to avoid the tightened line and to preserve the balance
	layer_2: hom e rep the rok twice wre thricabouthe hor and sedtover an one strped of vore the tigede line anto preserv the bouns
	layer_4: hommarapd the roked twice were thrice about the horn and set lover an one striped o vord the tied n lin andto preserved the bounce
	layer_6: home arape the roke twice wor thrice about the horn and set over in one stripped avord the tightand line andto preserved the balance
	layer_8: home rapped the rok twice or thrice about the horn and set over in once stripp tovoid the tight and lione and to preserve the balance
	layer_10: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in once strip t void the tighten lione and to preserve the balance
	layer_12: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to avoid the tighten lione and to preserve the balance

file: 6841-88291-0014.flac
expected: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_2: no whad he pat iny attincen to the cafh
	layer_4: no bhaty paed iny attiensien to the caf
	layer_6: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_8: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_10: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_12: nobody paid any attention to the calf

file: 6841-88291-0015.flac
expected: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_2: tbhe hind im fallwat his anxtious mother her hade soing an from sid to sid ni the fire the hor stoppt
	layer_4: te hind him followt his anxious mother her head sowing an from sideto sid new the fire the horse stopped
	layer_6: behind him followed his anxious mother her heads swingin from side toside ner the fire the horse stopped
	layer_8: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_10: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_12: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped

file: 6841-88291-0016.flac
expected: the two bull doggers immediately pounced upon the victim
	layer_2: the twuo bulld ogers amedely pountsupon the victom
	layer_4: the two buldogers himmedely pounceupon the victom
	layer_6: the two bul dogars hammedaly pounce upon the victim
	layer_8: the two bulldogers immetiatly pouncs upon the victim
	layer_10: the two bulldogers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_12: the two bulldoggers immediately pounce upon the victim

file: 6841-88291-0017.flac
expected: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_2: it was promptly foaped over ount s rite sid
	layer_4: it was prumptly floped over on its righte sid
	layer_6: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_8: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_10: it was promptly floped over on its right side
	layer_12: it was promptly floped over on its right side

file: 6841-88291-0018.flac
expected: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_2: this the caf was unable strugle
	layer_4: this the caf was unable a strugle
	layer_6: thus the caff was unable to struggle
	layer_8: thrs the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_10: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_12: thust the calf was unable to struggle

file: 6841-88291-0019.flac
expected: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_2: when whac hyu have head the wn notedout of you ar raiber to broken you seeasd a think he sonesassairily wrufh
	layer_4: when want you have had the win nocked out of you or reber two broken you seeased a think the soneces sarily rough
	layer_6: when want you have had the windknocked out of you or ribbor too broken you ceased to think thes unecessarily rough
	layer_8: when wont you hav had the wind knocked out of you or a ribb or too broken you cease to think thes unnecessarily rough
	layer_10: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_12: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you' cease to think this un necessarily rough

file: 6841-88291-0020.flac
expected: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers
	layer_2: hot rn ye'ld oneo the bule d ogers
	layer_4: hot iron ye'ld one of the bold ogrs
	layer_6: hot irn yeu eld one of the bull dogrs
	layer_8: hot iron yeld one of the bull dogers
	layer_10: hot iron yelled one of the bull dogers
	layer_12: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers

file: 6841-88291-0021.flac
expected: marker yelled the other
	layer_2: marker yeoll the other
	layer_4: marker yeell the ether
	layer_6: marker yelldthe other
	layer_8: marker yeeled the other
	layer_10: marker yelled the other
	layer_12: marker yelled the other

file: 6841-88291-0022.flac
expected: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_2: the brandter pres te aurnd smotelyagainst the flinke
	layer_4: the brand o pressed the irand smoodly against the flink
	layer_6: the brand epress the iran smoothly against the flank
	layer_8: the branderpressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_10: the brandr pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_12: the brandir pressed the iron smoothly against the flank

file: 6841-88291-0023.flac
expected: perhaps the calf blatted a little as the heat scorched
	layer_2: perhaps tha cat blate  littlelwess that het scortched
	layer_4: perhaps the kat blated a little ess that headt scortchd
	layer_6: perhaps the cat bladed a little ess tha heat scorched
	layer_8: perhaps the calp bladed a little less the heat scorched
	layer_10: perhaps the caf bladed a little less the heat scorched
	layer_12: perhaps the calt bladed a little less the heat scorched

file: 6841-88291-0024.flac
expected: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due peeling and a successful mark
	layer_2: the bran shol chary which is the propercolart indto kate dew pimlon and is uccessful mark
	layer_4: the bran showl chery which is the propercolar to indocate do pulan and i successful mark
	layer_6: the bran show chery which is the proper color to indicate do pelen and a successful mark
	layer_8: the brand show cherry which is the proper colour to indicate du pelan and a successful mark
	layer_10: the brand showd cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pilan and a successful mark
	layer_12: the brand showd cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pilan and a successful mark

file: 6841-88291-0025.flac
expected: then he nicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_2: then i nike dhout a swol telin the other
	layer_4: then he nicked hout a swale tell in the other
	layer_6: then he niked out a swallo tell in the other
	layer_8: then he knicked out a swallow tellin the other
	layer_10: then he knicked out a swallow tell in the other
	layer_12: then he knicked out a swallow tell in the other

file: 6841-88291-0026.flac
expected: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of branding
	layer_2: is seeme some ther greaduil   neces sir twottlws brod es to th extrem crulty of briandon
	layer_4: it seems ame ther great dill of uneces cery twattles brad as to the extren crulty of brand on
	layer_6: it seems to me ther great deall o unecessary twadtls abroad as to the extreme cruelity of brandon
	layer_8: it seems to methe great deal of unnecessary tuoddles abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_10: it seems to me th great deal of unnecessary twoddle as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_12: it seems to me th great deal of unnecessary twoddle as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon

file: 6841-88291-0027.flac
expected: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful and could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_2: aund dothebly ad is to some extin painfl it could somemothe methrd of ready a inof fication bedovised it myd be as welek to a dopdid in prevferencs
	layer_4: undoutably at is to some extan painful at could sumemother method of ready a dinification bedevised it mit be as wel to a dopetid en preference
	layer_6: undoubtably it is to some extent paintful it could some mother method of ready a dinification bee divised it might be as wealkt to adopt it in preference
	layer_8: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready i dennification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_10: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_12: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference

file: 6841-88291-0028.flac
expected: inextinguishable laughter followed the spread of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_2: in extingishbl laftr fall the sprt of this doppt onf thrug are asona
	layer_4: in extinguish ble lagft r fall thi sprit of this docet ond through are sona
	layer_6: in extinguishble laufter fall the sprit of this docton through arazona
	layer_8: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this docton through arazona
	layer_10: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctrine through arazona
	layer_12: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctrine through arazona

file: 6841-88291-0029.flac
expected: imagine a puncher descending to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_2: an megin apounture tocinent oxem polihtly the earetags of wil cattle on the opon rage rin a round up
	layer_4: a magin apunture o ceninto exempolightely the earitags of wild cattle on the open range rein round up
	layer_6: a magin o punchur oscen into examnd politely the ir tags of wild cattle on the open range ere in around up
	layer_8: imagine a puncher tes cend into examine politely the ertags of wild cattle on the open range or in round up
	layer_10: imagine a puncher desend into examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_12: imagine a puncher desend into examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up

file: 6841-88291-0030.flac
expected: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes to feeding or to looking idly about
	layer_2: a cafiasualy bels when the arand bits but a soon as released o amost ind virbly gosto feene er to lookan idly bout
	layer_4: a cafusually bellows when the ar in bits but a soon as release he almost an veribly gost to fetenor to lookan idalyabout
	layer_6: a caf usually bellows when the iron bites but assoon as released he almost invariably gost to feetin or to look an idaly about
	layer_8: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably gost o feeden or to look a idily about
	layer_10: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably gosts of fedin or to look inidly about
	layer_12: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghosts o fedan or to look inidly about

file: 6841-88291-0031.flac
expected: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have our teeth filled
	layer_2: the sids wich it hapns but wonts an a live tim and his overan tin secence accomfor did niht to those of vurs wo of had or teth fill
	layer_4: the sides which it happens but oncs an a live time and his over intin secons accomfer did night to those ovus who hove had oarteath field
	layer_6: bhe sides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfor dedniht to those of us who have had oaur teeth fielsd
	layer_8: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denyt to those of us who have had our teeth fields
	layer_10: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deny to those of us who have had our teethfield
	layer_12: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denye to those of us who have had our teethfield

file: 6841-88291-0032.flac
expected: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_2: one of he littl lanimmls was but a fw month sold so the ridre d id not bou the with hits hinel xs bu tals es lupover its ineck
	layer_4: one of the little animalst was but a few month sould so the rideredid not bo the with its hin laxs but talsed his lup over its neck
	layer_6: one of the little animals was but a few month sold so the riter did not bother with its hind ligs but tolst his lup over its neck
	layer_8: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the riter did not bother with its hin legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_10: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_12: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck

file: 6841-88291-0033.flac
expected: mister frost's bull calf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_2: miste frossa bul caf a lon and pictore of histery shals the atituds
	layer_4: mister frosis bull calf allone ant picgtore of history shows the atitudes
	layer_6: mister froc' bullcalf alone and pig toro history shows the attitudes
	layer_8: mister fros's bullcaf alone ant pigtorro history shows the atitudes
	layer_10: mister frost's bulcalf alone at pictoro history shows the attitudes
	layer_12: mister frost's bullcalf alone at pictouro history shows the attitudes

file: 6841-88291-0034.flac
expected: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehending excitement and the absolute matter of fact imperturbability of horse and rider
	layer_2: and thn of course tere was ta gordgeis contress be twen all this frintic n an comperhinint ecxcidtment and the apslue matter of fact imn propeto buility of horsan riter
	layer_4: and then of course there was the gorgies contras etween all this friantic and uncomprehinun ecxcidement and the absoluepe matter of fact in peropeto bility of horseon riter
	layer_6: and then of course there was the gordgee's contras between all this frantic and uncomprehinion excitement and the absolute matter offact in prputibility of horse an riter
	layer_8: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehenen excitement and the absolute matter of fact an perputability of horse and riter
	layer_10: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider
	layer_12: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider

file: 6841-88291-0035.flac
expected: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with a whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_2: as e net was businesc en ass the calf os tha smamon the little bese when overpromptly buth the groun ot the wack and was ponsuponind hild
	layer_4: as he knew was business an as the cavf was a smalone the little beas went over prumptly bit the ground wit the wack and was pouncs upon in hild
	layer_6: as he knew as business and as the capf was a small wone the little beas went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pountced upon an heild
	layer_8: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground ith the wak and was pounced upon and held
	layer_10: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wak and was pounced upon and held
	layer_12: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wak and was pounced upon and held

file: 6841-88291-0036.flac
expected: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and end by struggling back to the upright
	layer_2: he wold ketm self on one foot scram wll vigl was sly and in bu striglen bact to the uprit
	layer_4: he would ketshimself an one foot scramd il vigrles sly and in bu strugglen back to the upright
	layer_6: he would keth hmself on one foot scraml vigurloussley and in by strugglin back to the uprighte
	layer_8: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_10: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_12: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and in by struggling back to the upright

file: 6841-88291-0037.flac
expected: you can imagine what happened next
	layer_2: he coln a madgen what hapanexks
	layer_4: he can a magin wat happ in next
	layer_6: he cul imagine what happen next
	layer_8: he could imagine what happene next
	layer_10: he could imagine what happened next
	layer_12: he could imagine what happened next

file: 6841-88291-0038.flac
expected: this is productive of some fun if it fails
	layer_2: thisus pro ductalofsan fone of at fails
	layer_4: this is prodectolofsnd fon of at fails
	layer_6: this is productieson fon ofit fails
	layer_8: this is productive of sam fond of it fails
	layer_10: this is productive of some fond of it fails
	layer_12: this is productive of some fond of it fails

file: 6841-88291-0039.flac
expected: by now the branding was in full swing
	layer_2: but nowthe bran was a for swe
	layer_4: but now the brannen was a for sewen
	layer_6: but now the branan was at fore swing
	layer_8: but now the branan was at fore swing
	layer_10: but now the brandon was a forswing
	layer_12: but now the brandon was at for swing

file: 6841-88291-0040.flac
expected: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_2: when hnos us fel they turn in wallke toware the fire as amaterof ourse rarly did the cased fil
	layer_4: when he neses fell they turn in walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarly did the cast faill
	layer_6: when the nuses fell they turn in walked toward the fire as a matterof course rarely did the cast faill
	layer_8: when the noeoses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_10: when the nooses fell they turned and walkd toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_12: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail

file: 6841-88291-0041.flac
expected: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_2: men ran to n frol bus andintent
	layer_4: men ran too an fro busi end intent
	layer_6: men ran to andfro busy and intent
	layer_8: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_10: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_12: men ran to and fro busy and intent

file: 6841-88291-0042.flac
expected: sometimes three or four calves were on the ground at once
	layer_2: sometimestre for cas ron the grounded wonts
	layer_4: sometime sthrew fore cas weron the grounded woncs
	layer_6: sometimes thregh four cas were on the grounded once
	layer_8: sometimes threg or four cows were on the ground a once
	layer_10: sometimes thre or four cows were on the ground at once
	layer_12: sometimes three or four cows were on the ground at once

file: 6841-88291-0043.flac
expected: dust eddied and dissipated
	layer_2: thus atid dicippated
	layer_4: dhust atedndisipated
	layer_6: dust eigted in disipated
	layer_8: tust eighted and dissipated
	layer_10: dust eighted an dissipated
	layer_12: dust eighted an dissipated

file: 6841-88291-0044.flac
expected: no more necked calves they announced
	layer_2: tnhe more nik taves they nouncet
	layer_4: ne more neke taves they nouncet
	layer_6: no more ne tavs they nounced
	layer_8: no more nick taves they announced
	layer_10: no more neck taves they announced
	layer_12: no more neck talves they announced

file: 6841-88291-0045.flac
expected: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_2: thenhe wad spirn his hane and goitet e lon
	layer_4: then he woasd spitl en his handce and goat et alon
	layer_6: then he wuld spe on his hancs and go it e along
	layer_8: then he would spi on his hands and go at it along
	layer_10: then he would spit on his hands and go wat it along
	layer_12: then he would spit on his hands and go weat it along

file: 6841-88291-0046.flac
expected: if luck attended his first effort his sarcasm was profound there's yore little calf said he
	layer_2: of luk ld tenid his firs eferd his sara casinm ost per found there s yor lil cave said he
	layer_4: of lucke atented his first efort his sar casin ast prfound thereis yor litl cavp said he
	layer_6: if luckottended is first effort is sar casm was profound there's your litle calf said he
	layer_8: if luck antended his first effort his sarrochasm was profound there's your litle calv said he
	layer_10: if luck ad tended his first effort his sarrochasm was profound there's your litle calf said he
	layer_12: if luck had tended his first effort his sarrocasm was profound there's your little calf said he

file: 6841-88291-0047.flac
expected: would you like to have me tote it to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with yore little old iron
	layer_2: which yo leck the have me tot itooo or dou reck an you could tobod this far with you ar littlowdarn
	layer_4: which you lect to have me tod o to you or doyou rek an you could tobt oe this for with you r little od aron
	layer_6: which you leck to have me tot it to you or doou recken you could tobtle this far with you r little oad iron
	layer_8: which you like to have me totit to you or do you reckon you could todle this fr with your little oad iron
	layer_10: would you like to have me toated to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with your little oad iron
	layer_12: would you like to have me toated to you or d' you reckon you could tottle this far with your little oad iron

file: 6841-88291-0048.flac
expected: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_2: to ard nown the work slict
	layer_4: toward nown the work slact
	layer_6: toward nown the work slaced
	layer_8: toward non the work slacked
	layer_10: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_12: toward noon the work slacked

file: 6841-88291-0049.flac
expected: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the branding finished
	layer_2: finmly hom a rod over to the calen men in repoarte the brand in finished
	layer_4: fimaly hommarode over to the catlement and reporteod the brand in finished
	layer_6: finally homerode over to the catliement and reported the brand infinished
	layer_8: finally homa rode over to the catlement and reported the brandon finished
	layer_10: finally homer rode over to the cattlement and reported the brandon finished
	layer_12: finally homer rode over to the cattlement and reported the brandon finished

file: 6841-88291-0050.flac
expected: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_2: the later coun r the marks inhs talle book
	layer_4: the later counterf the marks in his tally book
	layer_6: the latter countderd the moroks in his talli book
	layer_8: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_10: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_12: the latter countered the marks in his tally book

file: 6841-88291-0051.flac
expected: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_2: one hundered n sevenly six he anouseet
	layer_4: one hundred and seventy six he an ounced
	layer_6: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_8: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_10: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_12: one hundred and seventy six he announced

file: 6841-88291-0052.flac
expected: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_2: the mrkr squat ed on ther hels tlldove the bits ovears they ate saved
	layer_4: the marcar squated on their hels told over the bis o ers lhey hat saved
	layer_6: the markrers squated on their hels told over the bidts of ers they had saved
	layer_8: the markes squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_10: the markers squatted on their heels tolld over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_12: the markers squatted on their heels toled over the bits of ears they had saved

file: 6841-88291-0053.flac
expected: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_2: bha tole a mounid to but an hunder n sevenly five
	layer_4: but toble mounted to but and hundr and seveny five
	layer_6: but toble amouned to but in hundred and seventy five
	layer_8: the toale amounted to button hundred and seventy five
	layer_10: the tol amounted to button hundred and seventy five
	layer_12: the total amounted to button hundred and seventy five

file: 6841-88291-0054.flac
expected: finally wooden discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_2: fonlty wouldn tescoveredid has hi pocket
	layer_4: finly wouldn't to scoveredit an has hit pocket
	layer_6: finaly wouldne't discovered it and his hip pocket
	layer_8: finally wouldn't discoverd it in his hip pocket
	layer_10: finally woolden't discover it in his hip pocket
	layer_12: finally woulden't discover it in his hip pocket

file: 6841-88291-0055.flac
expected: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning but did not seem to be tired
	layer_2: they ad been doon a resslers haveyou work al the mornin tha did not seene to betire
	layer_4: they had been doin arestlers heave you work all the morn in thet did not seen to betired
	layer_6: they had been doing a restlers haveyo work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_8: they had been doing o wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_10: they had been doing o wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_12: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired

file: 6841-88291-0056.flac
expected: i saw once in some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_2: a so wentcs as somecraink visicil caltr periyouticale that a caboas life was visicaly led bounce lican orsmens in thated extuer says nonlys certai muses othe body
	layer_4: 'l so once a some crank fhisicale culture perioutical that a caboys life was pysically ild bounce likcan orsmens in that ed extur sis ndonlys certain muses o the body
	layer_6: i' some once a some crank physical culture perioticle that a cawboy's life was physically illd bounced like an orsmens in that itd exercized only certain muscls afethe body
	layer_8: i'l some once a some crankd physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill bouanced like anorsmans in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_10: if so once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an orsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_12: iff som once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an orsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body

