file: 3660-172183-0000.flac
expected: geraint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_2: drained as he ad been usedto do when he was at out thrs court frequent to ternaments
	layer_4: draint as he had been used to do when he was at authi's court frequenteternaments
	layer_6: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequente turnaments
	layer_8: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_10: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_12: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments

file: 3660-172183-0001.flac
expected: before geraint the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_2: before duraint the scordgo the enemy i saw steeds whit with thom and after the shout ofa battle a farful torent
	layer_4: before duraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with fome and after the shout of battle a farful torrent
	layer_6: before guraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steed's white with foam and after the shout of a battle a fairful torrent
	layer_8: before duraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_10: before durant the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_12: before durant the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent

file: 3660-172183-0002.flac
expected: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_2: these tiding's came do herben
	layer_4: these tidings came to urben
	layer_6: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_8: these tidings came to urbane
	layer_10: these tidings came to urban
	layer_12: these tidings came to urban

file: 3660-172183-0003.flac
expected: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_2: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there was nothing wat haitful unto me the thiss
	layer_4: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there ias nothing wa hateful unto me thin this
	layer_6: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing wa hateful unto me than this
	layer_8: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_10: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_12: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this

file: 3660-172183-0004.flac
expected: and the tears she shed and the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_2: and the tis she said in the word she had s poken a wal him
	layer_4: and the ti she said and the word she had spoken awalk him
	layer_6: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken o welkeime
	layer_8: and the tis she said ind the word she had spoken o welcome
	layer_10: and the tis she said and the words she had spoken of welcome
	layer_12: and the tis she said and the word she had spoken of welcome

file: 3660-172183-0005.flac
expected: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_2: and evil betied me said he if thou returnesd hyer untill thoun nosed whether i haof los my streng so complyliy as thou dis say
	layer_4: and evil be tide me said he if thou returnast here until thou knosetd whether i have los my strength so compleely as thou dist say
	layer_6: and evil betid me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowset whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou distsay
	layer_8: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_10: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_12: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say

file: 3660-172183-0006.flac
expected: then geraint went to see erbin
	layer_2: then duraing went to se earban
	layer_4: then duraint went to see erban
	layer_6: then geraint went to see urban
	layer_8: then gerane went to see urban
	layer_10: then gerain went to see urban
	layer_12: then jerain went to see urban

file: 3660-172183-0007.flac
expected: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_2: sir said he i'nd going upon a quest and i am not certain hen i maye come back
	layer_4: sir said he i 'm going upon a quest and i 'am not certain when i may come back
	layer_6: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_8: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_10: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_12: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back

file: 3660-172183-0008.flac
expected: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_2: take hed therefoe un to thi possestions untill my return
	layer_4: take he therefore unto they possessions until my return
	layer_6: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_8: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_10: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_12: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return

file: 3660-172183-0009.flac
expected: but one person only will go with me
	layer_2: but one person only werl gout me
	layer_4: but one person only will got me
	layer_6: but one person only will got me
	layer_8: but one person only will gat me
	layer_10: but one person only will gad me
	layer_12: but one person only will gade me

file: 3660-172183-0010.flac
expected: and he desired enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_2: and he deside en i tamount her hose and to rie fowad ind the keep a long way bevore him
	layer_4: and he deside entet ta mount her horse and to ride foward in to keep a long way bevore him
	layer_6: and he desie ened to mount her horse and to ride forward in to keep a long way before him
	layer_8: and he desiged enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_10: and he desired einih to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_12: and he desired einih to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him

file: 3660-172183-0011.flac
expected: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_2: and unles i speak un to thy say not thou one word ether
	layer_4: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_6: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_8: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_10: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_12: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either

file: 3660-172183-0012.flac
expected: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat and my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_2: and though thou shut's deside a see my tefyt in my death by the handsofdthose men yet tawie fheol no dred
	layer_4: and though thou shuds deside to see my defey in my death by the hands of those man yet to wife feel no dread
	layer_6: and though thou shouldtt desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_8: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_10: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_12: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread

file: 3660-172183-0013.flac
expected: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_2: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_4: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_6: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_8: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_10: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_12: and he received him and that not feebly

file: 3660-172183-0014.flac
expected: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_2: and saye not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_4: and say not one word onto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_6: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_8: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_10: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_12: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee

file: 3660-172183-0015.flac
expected: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_2: i will do is far as i can lo and said she accoring to thi dsire
	layer_4: i will do as far as i can lad said she according to thy desire
	layer_6: i will do as far as i can lawd said she according to thy desire
	layer_8: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_10: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_12: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire

file: 3660-172183-0016.flac
expected: ah maiden said he it is vain to attempt proceeding forward
	layer_2: i made n said he it his vein to attemperceeting fowad
	layer_4: i maiden said he it is veind to a temperoceeding forward
	layer_6: i maiden said he it his vain to a temproceeding forward
	layer_8: i maiden said he it is vain to a temproceeding forward
	layer_10: i maiden said he it is vain to a temproceeding forward
	layer_12: i maiden said he it is vain to a temproceeding forward

file: 3660-172183-0017.flac
expected: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_2: i cannot by any meand ry frand from sleepe through wearines said he do thoue therefore wash the horses ind slepe not
	layer_4: i cannot by any means refraine from sleep through wearines said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_6: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_8: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_10: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_12: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not

file: 3660-172183-0018.flac
expected: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_2: it when hou saw the done of day appar she looked around erd to sif hou wer waking an therupon he walke
	layer_4: ad whent you saw the doanof day appeair she a looked arounde a see if he were waking and thereupon he wolke
	layer_6: and wen yoe saw the dan of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he walk
	layer_8: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she loked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he wolke
	layer_10: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_12: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke

file: 3660-172183-0019.flac
expected: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowers mowing the meadows
	layer_2: and they left theword in the came to an opencountu with medals on one hand and mo was mowing the medows
	layer_4: and they left the word and they came to an open countr with meadows on one hand and mouwas mowing the meadows
	layer_6: and they left the wood and they came to an open county with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_8: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_10: tand they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_12: thand they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows

file: 3660-172183-0020.flac
expected: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_2: my lord he added will be displeasingto the if i ask whenst thou come asd allsom
	layer_4: my lord he added will ut be displeasing to the i i as wence thou comeas allsome
	layer_6: my lord he added wil it be displeasing to the if i ask whencet thou comest allso
	layer_8: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_10: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_12: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also

file: 3660-172183-0021.flac
expected: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_2: will thou foulol my counscilsaid the you tht and take the meal fror me
	layer_4: we'll thou fouow my councel said the youth and take thy meal for me
	layer_6: wilt thou foulow my counsil said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_8: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_10: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_12: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me

file: 3660-172183-0022.flac
expected: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_2: what sord of mel he inquied
	layer_4: what sord of meal he inquired
	layer_6: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_8: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_10: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_12: what sort of meal he inquired

file: 3660-172183-0023.flac
expected: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_2: then they washed and took their repesst
	layer_4: then they washed and took their repassed
	layer_6: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_8: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_10: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_12: then they washed and took their repast

file: 3660-172183-0024.flac
expected: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_2: i gon now lord staid he to meet the night an to condect him to his lodging
	layer_4: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to contact him to his lordging
	layer_6: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to contact him to his lodging
	layer_8: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_10: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_12: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging

file: 3660-172183-0025.flac
expected: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_2: i will do lord said she as thou sayst
	layer_4: i will do lord said she as thou saest
	layer_6: i will do lord said she is thou sayest
	layer_8: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_10: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_12: i will do lord said she as thou sayest

file: 3660-172183-0026.flac
expected: and after they had eaten and drank geraint went to sleep and so did enid also
	layer_2: and effer they hd eaten and drank drang wento sleepe and soted in id also
	layer_4: and after they had eaten and drank draime went tosleep and soted initd also
	layer_6: and after they had eaten and drank drame went to sleep and soaded in it also
	layer_8: and after they had eaten and drank drame went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_10: and after they had eaten and drank draime went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_12: and after they had eaten and drank draime went to sleep and so did ean it also

file: 3660-6517-0000.flac
expected: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_2: the date seem un inpot but thruht the paried the offtesand men of the shiphavebean unremittingly busy
	layer_4: the date seem unumpont but throoat the paried the offices and men of the ship have been unremitdtingly busy
	layer_6: the date seem ununpont but throghout the parrid the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_8: the date seem unumpont but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_10: the date seem unupoet but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_12: the date seem unumpoet but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy

file: 3660-6517-0001.flac
expected: bowers attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_2: bowhs attack the shipstors servaede relist and restoed them saiting very muhspaced by unsto a numeous cases and stoing the contens in the lazer et
	layer_4: bows attacke he ship'stors surveyede relist and restoled them saving very mush spaced by unsto ig numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_6: bows attacked the ships stores surveyed relistand restowed them saving very much space by unstoignumerous cases ind stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_8: bows attacked the ship'stores surveyed relist and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_10: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_12: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette

file: 3660-6517-0002.flac
expected: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_2: without steem the lek cannow be kept under with the handpon by two dearly efit of a quarter ofan our to twentyminutes
	layer_4: without steam the leeak cannow be kept under with the handpun by two darly effits of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_6: without steam the leak canow be kept under with the handpump by two dairly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_8: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the handpump by two daily effrts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_10: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_12: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes

file: 3660-6517-0003.flac
expected: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_2: as a ship was and an oar present heavily laid in condition whould certainly of tak an threetifor is each day
	layer_4: as the ship was and an har present heavily laid in condition wh uld certainly haf taken three to for o was each day
	layer_6: as the ship was and in a present heavily laid in condition i would certainly have taken three to four haurs each day
	layer_8: as the ship was and in er present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_10: as the ship was and in he present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_12: as the ship was and in her present heavily laidin condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day

file: 3660-6517-0004.flac
expected: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_2: the lige greentent was put up and propisofporits made foriga
	layer_4: the lige greentent was put up and proposif phorts made voriden
	layer_6: the large green tent was put up and propi si forts made for
	layer_8: the large green tent was put up and proper sifortzs made forde
	layer_10: the large green tent was put up and proper supportz made ford
	layer_12: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made ford

file: 3660-6517-0005.flac
expected: the engine room staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists were stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_2: the enjernohm staff and anicnes people on the engons sigene tis wastoing their labirtors the cookry fitting his gally and sofoth ot a single spot but had is band of warkers
	layer_4: the engeroom staff an anicnes people on the engines sientes wase stowing their labertourge the cookrefitting his galley and so forth lot a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_6: the engeroom staff and anosens people on the engines scientis was stowing their labaratorgs the cookery fitting has galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_8: the engiroom staff and andisn's people on the engines scientis was stowing their labratorgs the cook refitting as galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_10: the engine room's staff and andison's people on the engines scientists was stowing their laborators the cookerefitting as galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_12: the engine room's staff and andisson's people on the engines scientists was stowing their laboratories the cookrefitting as galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers

file: 3660-6517-0006.flac
expected: the men's space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch to the stem on the main deck
	layer_2: the men s bace such as tis they areforextends from the forehach the stem on the main deck
	layer_4: the men sbace such as iis they arefore exstends from the fourehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_6: the man' space such as itis therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_8: the men' s space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_10: he man's sbase such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_12: the mans sbace such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck

file: 3660-6517-0007.flac
expected: under the forecastle are stalls for fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_2: under the forcasle r s dalls wir fifteen ponies te maxeoln the space would hold the narrow rgulo space and friont as pack taght woitdh fohter
	layer_4: under the fourecastle or stolls wote fifteen ponies tlhe maxcel on the space would hold the narrow irregulou space and front is pack tighte with fater
	layer_6: under the fourecastle or stalls for fifteen ponies tle maxl on the space would hold the narrow irregulours space in front is packe tight with fodher
	layer_8: under the forecastle or stalls fof fifteen ponies the maxell on the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packe tight with fodder
	layer_10: under the forecastle are stalls of fifteen ponies the maxillum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_12: under the forecastle are stalls of fifteen ponies the maxillum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder

file: 3660-6517-0008.flac
expected: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is the small booby hatch the only entrance to the men's mess deck in bad weather
	layer_2: meetely behind the for castla bocate s a small blbehatch the only enjers to the men's mes dack end bad weather
	layer_4: meetely behind the forcastle bocat as e small bubehatch the only engeres to the men's mesteck and bad weather
	layer_6: imeetely behind the fourecastle bulceade is a small boobyhatch the only enges to the men's mes teck and bad weather
	layer_8: imeeately behind the forecastle bulkheade is a small booby hatch the only inges to the men's meteck in bad weather
	layer_10: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is a small bouby hatch the only inges to the men's mesteck in bad weather
	layer_12: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is a small boobi hatch the only anges to the men's mesteck in bad weather

file: 3660-6517-0009.flac
expected: abaft the fore hatch is the ice house
	layer_2: abaft the forehatcues the acehous
	layer_4: abaef the fourehaches the ase house
	layer_6: about the fourehetch es the ace house
	layer_8: about the forehatch s the ace house
	layer_10: about the forehatch is the ace house
	layer_12: abouv the fore hatch is the ace house

file: 3660-6517-0010.flac
expected: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_2: we manis ta get three tones ofvice one hundred sixy two cackases of moton and three cacases of bef besidesome boxses of swee breds and kid nes into thirs pace
	layer_4: we manuge to get three tons of ice one hundred sixly two coccises of mutton and three cochases of beef besides some boxes of sweet breads and kidneies into thi space
	layer_6: we manage tol get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two coccases of mutton and three coccases of beef besides some boxes of sweet breads and kidneys into this space
	layer_8: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcuases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_10: we manage to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacases of mutton and three cacases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_12: we manage to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacases of mutton and three cacases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space

file: 3660-6517-0011.flac
expected: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cargo and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_2: the sax mntanding this last ad i to the goods alreadyimention make a really heavy deck cago and one is natually axious concerning in but averytheing ther can be done by lashing andscuring has ban done
	layer_4: the sax contanding this last adde to the good's already mentioned make a really heavy dek cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but every theing there can be done by lashing andd scuring has ban done
	layer_6: the saxcontaining this last addede to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing andscuring has been done
	layer_8: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and discuring has been done
	layer_10: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckchago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and disecuring has been done
	layer_12: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckchago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and isecuring has been done

file: 3660-6517-0012.flac
expected: forage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbourne
	layer_2: forige irigiuly ortded thirty tons of compresst oten ha from melbon
	layer_4: forige iriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed otin hay from melbone
	layer_6: forige irigially ordered thirty tons ave compressed oatan hay from melborne
	layer_8: forage ioriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed ot and hay from melbourne
	layer_10: forage ioriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbourne
	layer_12: forage ioriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and haye from melbourne

file: 3660-6517-0013.flac
expected: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_2: the seeme is wholy inchanting and such af view form  some shelted sunny corner ind a gaden which blaces with mastses of red in goldend flows tensti feelingsof  in expressible sat is factar with all things
	layer_4: the seeme is wholy inchanting an such a view fom some shelted sunny corner in a garden which blace with mases of red ang golden flows tens to feelings of inex pressible setisfaction with all things
	layer_6: the sceme is holy enchanting in such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red an golden flows tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_8: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flows tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_10: the scene is wholly enchanting an such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_12: the scene is wholly enchanting an such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things

file: 3660-6517-0014.flac
expected: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_2: a great mass a peopl as sembled
	layer_4: a great mass a people assembled
	layer_6: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_8: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_10: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_12: a great mass of people assembled

file: 3660-6517-0015.flac
expected: k and i lunched with a party in the new zealand company's ship ruapehu
	layer_2: caan i lunch with the poty in the dul an company ship erepowho
	layer_4: caan i lunch with he paty in the dzealand company ship wre pohol
	layer_6: cay and i lunch with the party n the zeal and companyship ru pahole
	layer_8: cay an i lunch with the party in the zeal an companyship rupe hol
	layer_10: kay and i lunch with te party in the zeal and companyship rupahole
	layer_12: kay and i lunch with the party in the zeal and companyship rupahole

file: 3660-6517-0016.flac
expected: telegram to say terra nova had arrived sunday night
	layer_2: teled ram to say terenover had a rivse sundy night
	layer_4: tellid ream to say terend overhiad arrivse sundy night
	layer_6: telegram to say tearingdoverhead arived sunday night
	layer_8: telegram to say tearan overhad arise sunday night
	layer_10: telegram to say taran overhead arise sunday night
	layer_12: telegram to say taran overhead arise sunday night

file: 3660-6517-0017.flac
expected: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_2: at third's ledgedtand across the breake of the poop in thit s pace heir ther two arccupied by the after wince
	layer_4: a thirdsledge stand across the breake of the poop ind thi space her ther two occupied by they after winch
	layer_6: a third sledge stands across the breake of the poop in the space her theto occupied by they afterwinch
	layer_8: a third sledge stands across the breake of the poop in the space hihtherto occupied by they after winch
	layer_10: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_12: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch

file: 3660-6517-0018.flac
expected: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_2: the quantitiuse to an have tons and te space occupie considerable
	layer_4: the quantirty use to an a havf tones and the space occupi considerable
	layer_6: the quantity is to and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_8: the quantity is wo and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_10: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_12: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable

file: 3660-6517-0019.flac
expected: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_2: the ship was ovea two feet by the sturn but this wall soon be remtid
	layer_4: the ship was ove two feet by the sturn but this will soon be remenied
	layer_6: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_8: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_10: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_12: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied

file: 3660-6517-0020.flac
expected: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_2: they must perforce be chained up and thy hre given whath shelters ta forted oundeck but their position is not envable
	layer_4: they must perforce be chained up and they hare given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_6: they must perforced be chained up and they hare given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_8: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter s afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_10: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_12: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable

file: 3660-6517-0021.flac
expected: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast emits a long pathetic whine
	layer_2: i is a pathetic atituede deeply significan of cold ind misery casionly some pore be shnmitta long pa thetic wine
	layer_4: it is a pathetic atitude deeply significant of cold and misery casionaly some poor besumits a long pathetic wine
	layer_6: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery ccasionally some poor beasubmits a long pathetic wine
	layer_8: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast umits a long pathetic wine
	layer_10: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beasts amits a long pathetic wine
	layer_12: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beasts amits a long pathetic wine

file: 3660-6517-0022.flac
expected: there are generally one or two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_2: there re generly one atd two one watch which easus matters but it is he squash
	layer_4: there are goenearly wantit two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_6: there are generaly wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_8: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_10: there are generally wanted to on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_12: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash

file: 3660-6517-0023.flac
expected: later in the day the wind has veered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_2: later in the day the wint his vead to the west wouod hading a slaightly
	layer_4: later in the day the wind his vered to the westwood headding aslightly
	layer_6: later in the day the wind his vered to the westwoad heading u slightly
	layer_8: later in the day the wind his veed to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_10: later in the day the wind has ved to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_12: later in the day the wind has veed to the westward heading us slightly

file: 3660-6517-0024.flac
expected: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_2: otan accanson with intermintinacistence fromothers or busy keeping the ponies on theirlegs
	layer_4: oats an akonson with intermitten asistance r mothers were busi keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_6: oats and akinson with intermite and assistants for others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_8: oates and atkenson with intermittan assistance fom others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_10: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_12: oates and atkinson with intermittant assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs

file: 3660-6517-0025.flac
expected: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and re lashing the petrol cases et cetera in the best manner possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_2: there was nothing forid but to grapple with the evil n neaily all hands wle labring fr hours in the wait stof the ship heeaving colle saxo r bard and relashing the patural cases sedera an the best man apossible und a such divircult and dangeros sircumcanses
	layer_4: there was nothing forwa it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands wilel labring for hours in the weiht to the ship heavng coal sax overboard and relashing the petral cases setera and the best man a possible undter such diffocult and dangerus circumstances
	layer_6: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil ad nearly all hands werel laboring for hours in the weihst o the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petral cases cetera and the best man apossible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_8: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the weiht of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petral cases ecetera and the best man ir possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_10: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the weight of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petral cases ecetera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_12: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the weight of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petral cases etcetera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances

file: 3660-6517-0026.flac
expected: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_2: no soon was some semblance of oder restoodthan some axceptionly heavyway would ter way the lashing and the work ad to be dont all owver again
	layer_4: no soon was some semblance of arderestored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear way the lashing and the work had to be don all over again
	layer_6: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy waved would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_8: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_10: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_12: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again

file: 3660-6517-0027.flac
expected: from this moment about four a m the engine room became the centre of interest
	layer_2: from this moment about fori am the enjderame became these centr ov intrest
	layer_4: from this moment about foriam the enjuroom became thee centr ofe interest
	layer_6: from this moment about for am the enjeroom became the centre of interest
	layer_8: from this moment about for  m the engroom became the centre of interest
	layer_10: from this moment about four a m the engy room became the centere of interest
	layer_12: from this moment about four a m the engy room became the centere of interest

file: 3660-6517-0028.flac
expected: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_2: the wat agained hi spite of every eft
	layer_4: the wadagained his spite of every effot
	layer_6: the wad ar gained his spite of every effot
	layer_8: the wadar gained in spite of every effot
	layer_10: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_12: the water gained in spite of every effort

file: 3660-6517-0029.flac
expected: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_2: the out look a paed grim
	layer_4: the out look a paed grim
	layer_6: the outlook a paed grim
	layer_8: the outlook a pared grim
	layer_10: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_12: the outlook appeared grim

file: 3660-6517-0030.flac
expected: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_2: the mount of waderwas has being made with the ship so rufhly handed was most un certain
	layer_4: the amount of water warde was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_6: the amount of water waches being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_8: the amount of water wich as being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_10: the amount of water witch as being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_12: the amount of waterwitchas being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain

file: 3660-6517-0031.flac
expected: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_2: willyums had to confessye was beten int must droa firs what was to be done
	layer_4: williams had to confessy was beaten it must drau fires what was to be done
	layer_6: williams had to confess he was beaten it must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_8: williams had to confess he was beaten in must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_10: williams had to confess he was beaten it must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_12: williams had to confess he was beaten it must draw fires what was to be done

file: 3660-6517-0032.flac
expected: the bilge pump is dependent on the main engine
	layer_2: the builade prompersd depended on the main engon
	layer_4: the builg probers depended on the main engine
	layer_6: the builg propers depended on the main engine
	layer_8: the bilt promp es depended on the main engine
	layer_10: the bilge promp is depended pon the main engine
	layer_12: the bilge prompe is depended pon the main engine

file: 3660-6517-0033.flac
expected: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_2: on mone occasion i as wastsdeep wen standing on the rail of the poook
	layer_4: on one occasion i was way steep when standing on the rail of the pook
	layer_6: on one occasion i was wa teep when standing on the rail of the pook
	layer_8: on one occasion i was wayst deep when standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_10: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_12: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the poop

file: 3660-6517-0034.flac
expected: the afterguard were organised in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safeguard of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale her out
	layer_2: the after god were organeized and two pidhi'sd by evans to work buckets the man wore kapt steadily going on the choked hand pumps the seemed all ther culd be done forte moment and at omeague a countas thae sol safe got of the ship from sinking practicaly in attempt to bail ar out
	layer_4: the after god wer organized and two pidies by evons to work buckets the men whre kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps the seemed all the could be done for the moment and ont a meajure account as the soul safegot of the ship from sinking practially in attempt to baile a out
	layer_6: the after god were organized in two poties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked handpumps this seemed all there could be done for the moment and wan a measure o count as the sole safe got of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bail or out
	layer_8: the after god were organized in two porties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all there could be done for the moment and ot a measure to count as the soule safe got of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out
	layer_10: the after god were organized in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and wone a measure to count as the soul safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale or out
	layer_12: the after god were organized in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and one a measure to count as the soul safe god of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale or out

file: 3660-6517-0035.flac
expected: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_2: iccagienaly ar heavy see would beare one of the maway and he was anly sayve by his chan
	layer_4: occasionally a heavy see would bear one of themaway and he was only save by his chain
	layer_6: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_8: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_10: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_12: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain

file: 3660-172182-0000.flac
expected: now this is how arthur hunted the stag
	layer_2: now this s how ather hunded the stag
	layer_4: now this is how author hunded the stag
	layer_6: now this is how arthur hunted he stag
	layer_8: now this is how author hunted the stag
	layer_10: now this is how author hunted the stag
	layer_12: now this is how author hunted the stag

file: 3660-172182-0001.flac
expected: and the last dog that was let loose was the favorite dog of arthur cavall was his name
	layer_2: an the last dagd at was let loose was a favorit doga ather coveol was his name
	layer_4: and the last doggder was let loose was a favorite dog of athur gava was his name
	layer_6: and the last dogta was let loose was a favourite dog of athor cava was his name
	layer_8: and the last dogdet was let loose was a favorite dog of arthur carval was his name
	layer_10: and the last dog tet was let loose was a favourite dog of arthur carval was his name
	layer_12: and the last dog that was let loose was a favourite dog of arthur carval was his name

file: 3660-172182-0002.flac
expected: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_2: then they sound of the deaph houn for slaying andthey alre gather rod
	layer_4: then they sound of the death hornd for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_6: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_8: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_10: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_12: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round

file: 3660-172182-0003.flac
expected: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_2: one wished that isho be givento the lady best beloved by him and anothat to the lady whom he loved bast
	layer_4: one wished that i ho be givento the lady best beloved by him and anotha to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_6: one wished that itsoul be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_8: one wished that it sould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_10: one wished that it sould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_12: one wished that it sould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best

file: 3660-172182-0004.flac
expected: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_2: and after mid day they bhe held en unshapely little man upon i hose and after him a da more a damsal also one hos bec and after her anight of ligestature boud down an hangingis had low and sorrow fully an clad an broken and worthlss hammor
	layer_4: and after mid day they be held an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or damsel also on hos back and after her u night of lige statur bowed down and hanging his head low an sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_6: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or damsel also on horse back and after her a night of lige stature bowed down and hanging his head low aned sorrowfully an clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_8: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lirge stature bowed down and hanging his head lowand sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_10: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_12: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour

file: 3660-172182-0005.flac
expected: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_2: i know not ho they a said he but i kow said gene over this is the night whom duraint pasude and met thing that he comes not er  by his own fre will
	layer_4: i know not who they are said he but i know said ginover this is the knight whom durained pursuied and me things that he comes not hear by his own free will
	layer_6: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenover this is the night whom jerraint pursued and me things that he comes not her by his own free will
	layer_8: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and mee thinkgs that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_10: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_12: i know not who they are said he but i know said gueneverr this is the knight whom gerraint pursued and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will

file: 3660-172182-0006.flac
expected: but geraint has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_2: but gurantis ovea takenenmen veng in sulvt to the maiden to the utermost
	layer_4: but jurainters overtaken om en ovengthe insult to the maiden to the utermost
	layer_6: but geraintis overtakenem an afvenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_8: but gerant is overtaken im and avenge the insult of the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_10: but geranthas overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_12: but gerant has overtaken im and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost

file: 3660-172182-0007.flac
expected: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_2: lady said he at the gate the ias a night and i sawn never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_4: lady said he at the gate the wis a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_6: lady said he at the gate there is a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_8: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_10: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_12: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he

file: 3660-172182-0008.flac
expected: i do said he he tells me that he is edeyrn the son of nudd
	layer_2: i do said he he tells me that he is edterin the sone of node
	layer_4: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nod
	layer_6: i do said he he tells me that he is ederin the son of nud
	layer_8: i do said he he tells me that he is ederin the son of nud
	layer_10: i do said he he tells me that he is edarin the son of nud
	layer_12: i do said he he tells me that he is edarin the son of nud

file: 3660-172182-0009.flac
expected: then she replied i know him not
	layer_2: then he replied i know him not
	layer_4: hen he replied i know him not
	layer_6: then she replied i know him not
	layer_8: then she replied i know him not
	layer_10: then she replied i know him not
	layer_12: then she replied i know him not

file: 3660-172182-0010.flac
expected: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_2: so gone ofver whent to the gate to meet him an he entered
	layer_4: so goine over went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_6: so guenovert went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_8: so guanevore went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_10: so guinevert went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_12: so guinevert went to the gate to meet him and he entered

file: 3660-172182-0011.flac
expected: and geraint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_2: and durain greet thy well and engreeding the he compelld me accomphither to do thiy pleasur  hir the insult which thy made an receive from the dwarf no wheid it hy ov atake they
	layer_4: and duraint greeds the well and ingreeding the he campelld me to com hether to do thy pleasurefor the insult which thy madeand receive from the dwarf noh where did he overtake thee
	layer_6: and duraint greeds he well and ingreeding thee he compelled me to come hther to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maide and receive from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_8: and duraint greeds thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maidand receive from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_10: and durant greets thee well and in greeding thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_12: and durant greeds thee well and in greeding thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee

file: 3660-172182-0012.flac
expected: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraint will be here
	layer_2: srsaid she when think estdo that duraind will be her
	layer_4: sirh said she when think est towe that duraintd will be here
	layer_6: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerraint will be here
	layer_8: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerant will be here
	layer_10: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerande will be here
	layer_12: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerante will be here

file: 3660-172182-0013.flac
expected: to morrow lady i think he will be here with the maiden
	layer_2: twmorlasmi think you wl beheare wath h mateon
	layer_4: to moro la i think you will be here wat the maiton
	layer_6: to morolety i think yot will be here wit the maiden
	layer_8: to morrowley i think you will be here with the maiden
	layer_10: tomorrow ey i think you will be here with the maiden
	layer_12: tomorrow ey i think you will be here with the maiden

file: 3660-172182-0014.flac
expected: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_2: i am ord said he ad  have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_4: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_6: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_8: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_10: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_12: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable

file: 3660-172182-0015.flac
expected: well said arthur from what i hear it behooves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_2: well chall aut here from what i heareit behoese gwnver to be mrursful tow ids the
	layer_4: well tall ather from what i hear it behovese ginver to be mercful towards thee
	layer_6: well tell arther from what i hear it behove guinver to be merciful towards thee
	layer_8: well tell ather from what i hear it behoves gunever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_10: well tell arthur from what i hear it behoves gnever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_12: well tell arthur from what i hear it behoves genever to be merciful towards thee

file: 3660-172182-0016.flac
expected: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_2: the mert y which thou desirous lord said she wwill i egran to him since it isas insulting to the that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_4: the mercy which thou desirous lord said she will i grandt to him since it is is insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_6: the mercy which thou desirous lord said she will i grant to him since it is is insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_8: the mercy which thou desiroest lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_10: the mercy which thou desireust lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_12: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself

file: 3660-172182-0017.flac
expected: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_2: thous willl be best to dot said ather let this man hade metcalecare antil it be known whether he may live
	layer_4: thus willl be best to dute said ather let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_6: thus will it be best to doce said othur let this man have metical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_8: thus will it be best to doch said athur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_10: thus will it be best to do said arthor let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_12: thus will it be best to do said arthor let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live

file: 3660-172182-0018.flac
expected: to guenever and her handmaidens said he
	layer_2: to gwever rn her handmad en said he
	layer_4: to gueever and her hand maid and said he
	layer_6: to guit of her in her hand madend said he
	layer_8: to guit of her in her hand maiden said he
	layer_10: to gwetve her in her hand maiden said he
	layer_12: to gwetve her in her hand maiden said he

file: 3660-172182-0019.flac
expected: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_2: ind the stete of the househoul so orded her
	layer_4: and the stuwt of the househol so orded her
	layer_6: and the stuwad of the household so ordered her
	layer_8: and the stuad of the household so ordered her
	layer_10: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_12: and the stuward of the household so ordered her

file: 3660-172182-0020.flac
expected: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seem'd so like his own of modred arthur's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_2: and being young he chaged himself and gruw to hate the sin that seemed so like ais on of modred ut the's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighing for the king
	layer_4: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred aut ther's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_6: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modride ot thi's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_8: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred athe's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_10: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of maudred arthu's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_12: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of maudred arthu's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king

file: 3660-172182-0021.flac
expected: and when geraint came to the place where guenever was he saluted her
	layer_2: in when durand came to the place woa one ov er was he salded er
	layer_4: and when durand came to the place woigwone ofv her was he saludedher
	layer_6: and when jerain came to the place whig ene ofv her was he saluted her
	layer_8: and when geran came to the place wheig ene of her was he saluted her
	layer_10: and when jeran came to the place wheg one of her was he saluted her
	layer_12: and when jeran came to the place whig one of her was he saluted her

file: 3660-172182-0022.flac
expected: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_2: then they wentian in dhismounted
	layer_4: then they went in in dhismounted
	layer_6: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_8: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_10: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_12: then they went in and dismounted

file: 3660-172182-0023.flac
expected: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_2: heaven protec thy said ather and the walkm of haven be untr thy
	layer_4: heaven protect thee said ather and the walkame of heaven be untor thee
	layer_6: heaven protect thee said ather and the walkome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_8: heaven protect thee said athur and the walcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_10: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_12: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee

file: 3660-172182-0024.flac
expected: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edeyrn the son of nudd thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_2: and ind his much asthough has vanuishd ednuron the son of nud thou has had a prosperous carea
	layer_4: and in is much as thou has vanquished ednyran the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous care
	layer_6: and inismuch as thou hast vanquished adnyren the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous coreea
	layer_8: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednoran the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_10: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednuran the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_12: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednuran the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career

file: 3660-172182-0025.flac
expected: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_2: and from that time tol became is wife
	layer_4: and from that time shoul became his wife
	layer_6: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_8: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_10: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_12: and from that time she became his wife

file: 3660-172182-0026.flac
expected: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_2: and the maide nd took up her about in the paucse and she had many companions both menon women and the was no maden more steemed hand she in the island of briton
	layer_4: and the maidend took up her a boat in the palace and she had many companions both men ane women and there was no maiden moresteamed an she in the island of britain
	layer_6: and the maiden took up her aboat in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_8: and the maiden took up her abod in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_10: and the maiden took up her abod in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_12: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain

file: 3660-172182-0027.flac
expected: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_2: and h year and a sacond an au third he proceeded thus untill his fane had flone over the face of the kingdom
	layer_4: and a year and a second an a third he proceeded thus until his faine had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_6: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his feigne had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_8: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_10: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_12: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom

file: 3660-172182-0028.flac
expected: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_2: and he greeat the well has an uncli shou great es neph euw and as e vasele shuld gret his lord
	layer_4: and he greets the well as an uncleshould greed is nephew and as a vassel should greed his lord
	layer_6: and he greets the well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_8: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_10: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_12: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord

file: 3660-172182-0029.flac
expected: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covet his land and possessions
	layer_2: and the neigh bring chiefs knowing miss grow insolluntwrd him and covert his land and posessions
	layer_4: and the neigh boring chiefs knowing tiss grow incelentord him and covered his land and possessions
	layer_6: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_8: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_10: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing mhis grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_12: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing mis grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions

file: 3660-172182-0030.flac
expected: and arthur told geraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_2: and other told ourand the cause of the mission andof the coming of the imbassates to him out of conwall trully said jrant be at to miy idvantadua disadvantage lod i will do according to thy well concerning ha s empacy
	layer_4: and othe told yurant the cause of the mission and of the coming of the embassadis to him out of conwall truly said duraint bea to myadvantageor disadvantage lord i will do according to thy well concerning the sembasy
	layer_6: and atha told yuraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassatos to him out of contwall truly said juraint beit to myadvantag or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning the sempasy
	layer_8: and atha told you aint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of conwall truly said gerant be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning thes embassy
	layer_10: and atha told yer ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornewall truly said yerrant be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_12: and athatold yer ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said yerrant be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy

file: 3660-172182-0031.flac
expected: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_2: what discourse said geneiver dowh i hea between you
	layer_4: what discourse said goniver to i heare between you
	layer_6: what discourse said gonever do i hear between you
	layer_8: what discourse said guunevare do i hear between you
	layer_10: what discourse said gunevar do i hear between you
	layer_12: what discourse said gunevar do i hear between you

file: 3660-172182-0032.flac
expected: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_2: said durainet i think i siholl have enough of knighthoad with me and they sat forth
	layer_4: said derainet i think i shall have enough of nighthoaod with me and they sat forth
	layer_6: said derraint i think i shall have enough of nighthood with me and they sat forth
	layer_8: said gerrant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_10: said derrant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_12: said derrant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth

file: 3660-172182-0033.flac
expected: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severn
	layer_2: and never was hi seen a faira hose journing towardsteseveregn
	layer_4: and never was this seen a faire host journeing towards e severen
	layer_6: and never was thie seen a fair of host journeying towards e severen
	layer_8: and never was theire seen a faire host journeying towards a severn
	layer_10: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards a severen
	layer_12: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards a severn

file: 3660-172182-0034.flac
expected: and he said to geraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominion for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_2: and he said te jurant i am a feeble and a nageed man and wal st i was able to maintaine the demeans for the in far myself i did so
	layer_4: and he said to durant i am a feeble in an aged man and walst i was able to maintaind the demiions for thee in for myself my did so
	layer_6: and he said to gurant i am a feeble in an aged man and whalst i was able to maintain the demeains for the ind for myself y did so
	layer_8: and he said to gerant i am a feeble ind an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the demeaons for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_10: and he said to gerant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the demeanns for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_12: and he said to derant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the demeanns for thee and for myself i did so

file: 3660-172182-0035.flac
expected: and every one asked that which he desired
	layer_2: and thevery wonet ouske that whil she desided
	layer_4: and every one asked that whal he desied
	layer_6: and eveyone asked that whid she desired
	layer_8: and everyone asked that what she desired
	layer_10: and everyone asked that which she desired
	layer_12: and everyone asked that which she desired

file: 3660-172182-0036.flac
expected: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_2: and they we not long n giving so eagr was every wondeo besto guifs and of those who came to ask iffs none depotted unsatisfied
	layer_4: and they were not long and giving so eage was every won tor besto gifts and of those who came to ask ifts none depoted onsatisfied
	layer_6: and they were not long and giving so eagl was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none deported unsatisfied
	layer_8: and they were not long in giving so eage was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_10: and they were not long in giving so eage was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_12: and they were not long in giving so eagere was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied

file: 3660-172182-0037.flac
expected: then geraint sent ambassadors to the men of cornwall to ask them this
	layer_2: then duraints and imbasses to the men of conwa to asked themess
	layer_4: then derants and amdbasses to the men of cornwae to asked theness
	layer_6: then geraintsend ambasses to the men of cornwall to as themis
	layer_8: then gerant send embasses to the men of cornwall to ask themis
	layer_10: then gerante send embassaos to the men of cornwall to ask themis
	layer_12: then gerainte send embassaors to the men of cornwall to ask themis

file: 3660-172182-0038.flac
expected: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_2: and they allsaid that i would be the fullness of joan onr to them for uraint to comean receiv their armage
	layer_4: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joyan honour to them for jurraint to come an receive their armage
	layer_6: and they all soaid that it would be the fullness of joy an honour to them for geraint to come and receive their omage
	layer_8: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for geraint to come and receive their omage
	layer_10: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_12: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for geraint to come and receive their homage

file: 3660-172182-0039.flac
expected: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_2: so he receive the homoge of such as were ther
	layer_4: so he received the ormage of such as were there
	layer_6: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_8: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_10: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_12: so he received the homage of such as were there

file: 3660-172182-0040.flac
expected: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_2: and the day after the follows of ather intened de goway
	layer_4: and the day after the follows of ather iantened to goway
	layer_6: and the day after the follows of athur intended to go way
	layer_8: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away
	layer_10: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away
	layer_12: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away

file: 116-288048-0000.flac
expected: a number of other dates were observed by the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gospels give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_2: an number o other dayts wer observed wor t a cricion church iof verious times as the birty ojesusthe gaos was givf no date and apbear to be quite andcertain really ignor aboud it
	layer_4: a number of other dates were observed wit the christian church of various times as the burty of jesus the gosst was give no date and apbear to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_6: a number of other dates were observed white ta christian church of various times as the birdt da of jesus the goss was give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_8: a number of other dates were observed where a christian church af various times as the birtday of jesus the goss was given no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_10: a number of other dates were observed wite a christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the goths was given to date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorn about it
	layer_12: a number of other dates were observed wit a christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the goths was given o date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorn about it

file: 116-288048-0001.flac
expected: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_2: yeeaf there is no evidence tha he was born ao mhat day
	layer_4: yef there is no evidence that he was bornan that day
	layer_6: yeft there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_8: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_10: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_12: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day

file: 116-288048-0002.flac
expected: why this discrepancy in a historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_2: whyd is discrecpment seye in his storcal doccument to say noghing abouanspiration
	layer_4: why t is descreptmentcty ind his storical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_6: why does descreptmensy in historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_8: why does discraptmancy in h historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_10: why does discrepancy in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_12: why does discrepnancy in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration

file: 116-288048-0003.flac
expected: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant messiah
	layer_2: again mateu says that to excave the ele esigns of hairied maryinjosiv wit the infent jesus flat in to egyt lps ays nothing abouthis herad flight nor of heris intantion o kil ty inf at ndesia
	layer_4: again mathew says that to excape the ebl designs of haried mary an josep with the infant jesus flet into egypt loops has nothing about his hurrad flight nor of haros intantion to kill the infent desiah
	layer_6: again mathew says that to escape the egle designs of hered maryiand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lups as nothing about this hurried flight nor of harod's intention to kill the infant dessiah
	layer_8: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lup says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant desciah
	layer_10: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryiand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant vessiah
	layer_12: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant vessiah

file: 116-288048-0004.flac
expected: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_2: hen he comn to them more importan chafters aodiesus we e wit quatter difficulties
	layer_4: when whe coun to them more important chappers about jesus we met with quiter difficulties
	layer_6: when we coune to them more important chapters about jesus we meet with quat ur difficulties
	layer_8: when we comet to them more important chapters about jesus we meet with greatter difficulties
	layer_10: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_12: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties

file: 116-288048-0005.flac
expected: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_2: wy s always on ofriday that the crusfictines commimerated the weaken which the day oaccuras very hfmngeur to year
	layer_4: why is always on afriday that the cruwsfiction s commimerated the weekin which the day occur ae verius frme eur do year
	layer_6: why is always on a friday that the crucifiction is commemerated the weak in which the day occur s various frm year to year
	layer_8: wheye is always on a friday that the crucifiction is commemorated the week in which the day occurs various froiyear to year
	layer_10: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs various from year to year
	layer_12: whle it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs various from year to year

file: 116-288048-0006.flac
expected: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon allows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun in the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_2: good fraida fhals not before this pring iequrnoxs but as soon afoer this prin equlenonc as the fuol moon lols thus making tha caculation to depin upon the position of the cgn n izutiac and the faes of the moon
	layer_4: good frada falles not before this pring equinocs but as soon after the spring equinoc is the full moon louvs thus making the calculation to depaind upon the position of the sun an the zoiec and the faes of the moon
	layer_6: good frada falls not before the spring equanoxs but as soon after the spring equinoxs is the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depan upon the position of the sun an the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_8: good friday falls not before the spring equinoxh but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun nd the zodiaec and the phase of the moon
	layer_10: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_12: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiac and the phases of the moon

file: 116-288048-0007.flac
expected: the pagan oestera has become the christian easter
	layer_2: the paken o steria has recome ac cristian easter
	layer_4: the pacan orsteria has become a christian easter
	layer_6: the paan ousteria has become a christian easter
	layer_8: the pacan austeria has become a christian eastern
	layer_10: the pacan austeria has become a christian eastern
	layer_12: the pacan austeria has become a christian eastern

file: 116-288048-0008.flac
expected: but in the absence of evidence origin offers the following metaphysical arguments against the sceptical celsus one
	layer_2: tut in the abteons of evrancs ordgian offers of polly  midipens wca arguments igainsis cepticalselces one
	layer_4: but in the absence of evidence organ offers ofe followng metifansical arguments aginstes ceptacalselses one
	layer_6: but in the absence of evidence orgin offers of followin metafinsical arguments against the ceptical celses one
	layer_8: but in the absence of evidence origin offers of following metaphysical arguments against thesceptical celses one
	layer_10: but in the absence of evidence origin offers o following metaphysical arguments against the ceptical celses one
	layer_12: but in the absence of evidence origin offers o following metaphysical arguments against the ceptical celses one

file: 116-288048-0009.flac
expected: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mythus of jesus
	layer_2: if we are to have any mithologt al he seems to argou why o bjc to addin tit the misof jesus
	layer_4: if we are to have any mautholog ate all he seems to argu why object to adding to it the mis of jesus
	layer_6: if we are to have any mytholog at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the midss of jesus
	layer_8: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_10: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_12: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus

file: 116-288048-0010.flac
expected: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_2: the immedit companons of jesus appere to be on mether hand as mithi glas he is imself
	layer_4: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on mother hand as mittigles he is himself
	layer_6: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on mether hand as mitglas he is himself
	layer_8: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on thether hand as myth gles he is himself
	layer_10: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythglez he is himself
	layer_12: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as myth gles he is himself

file: 116-288048-0011.flac
expected: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_2: ho was mathu hit was mark
	layer_4: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_6: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_8: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_10: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_12: who was matthew who was mark

file: 116-288048-0012.flac
expected: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_2: who were jhn peter jutuse and mary
	layer_4: who were jhn peter judis and marry
	layer_6: who were john peter judas and merry
	layer_8: who were john peter judas and merry
	layer_10: who were john peter judas and merry
	layer_12: who were john peter judas and merry

file: 116-288048-0013.flac
expected: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_2: there is abtialtly no evidenc that they ever existed
	layer_4: there is absuately no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_6: there is abjuately no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_8: there is absutely no evidence that they ever exited
	layer_10: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_12: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed

file: 116-288048-0014.flac
expected: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_2: if peter everwent o romn with anow dockrin hous that no hic storiin has take a not ive him
	layer_4: if peeter ever went to rone withthe ne dockrin housedt that no his storian has taken notif him
	layer_6: if peter ever went to rome with he new dockrin housed that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_8: if peter ever went to rome with the new doctrine hows etd that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_10: if peter ever went to rome with he new doctrine howset that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_12: if peter ever went to rome with the new doctrine howset that no historian has taken note of him

file: 116-288048-0015.flac
expected: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_2: heregain we see te presentce of a mith
	layer_4: here again we see the presence of a mith
	layer_6: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_8: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_10: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_12: here again we see the presence of a myth

file: 116-288048-0016.flac
expected: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_2: he was the owy ent his sa them
	layer_4: he was the only one his saw them
	layer_6: he was the only one whos saw them
	layer_8: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_10: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_12: he was the only one who saw them

file: 116-288048-0017.flac
expected: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_2: peter pall jon james jutus occupy the stage anmols exscusively
	layer_4: teter paul john james judis occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_6: peter paul john james judis occu py the stage almost exclusively
	layer_8: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_10: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_12: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively

file: 116-288048-0018.flac
expected: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_2: it is impasil to xplain wathec contimporairits of jesus the authors ind the his stori ianesef these time you not take notice of him
	layer_4: it is impostl to explaine whyether cantemporaries of jesus the aulthors ind the his storiancs of these time you not take notice of him
	layer_6: it is imposstbl to explain while they contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of thes time ydou not take notice of him
	layer_8: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors ind the historians of thes time dou not take notice of him
	layer_10: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_12: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him

file: 116-288048-0019.flac
expected: could they have been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_2: foul they had been at conspercy againsthim
	layer_4: for they had beenim a conspercy against him
	layer_6: for they had been in at conspircy against him
	layer_8: for they had been in a conspiercy against him
	layer_10: for they had been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_12: for they had been in a conspiracy against him

file: 116-288048-0020.flac
expected: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_2: how isus hits imanim assoiensed b ocolulatd for
	layer_4: howus as hiths emanimous soiencet be a ccountet ford
	layer_6: howus as hthis amanimous sience to be accounted for
	layer_8: howlus is this emanimous science to be accounted for
	layer_10: howlas is this enanimous science to be accounted fori
	layer_12: howas is this enanimous science to be accounted for

file: 116-288048-0021.flac
expected: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_2: how then ar wy to decide which i ther ad nummorous cennedits for divind honor should begivein ourvoats
	layer_4: how then are we to decide o which othe anumerous kennedates for divine honors should be givin our votes
	layer_6: how then are we to decide which othe anumerous kennadats for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_8: how then are we to decide which of the numerous kanadats for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_10: how then are we to decide which of the numerous kandidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_12: how then are we to decide which of the numerous kandidates for divine honors should be given our votes

file: 116-288048-0022.flac
expected: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell fire hereafter
	layer_2: and such a faith is never free i is always maytainme but a sword now and bi hel far hear aftern
	layer_4: and such a faith is never free it its always maintain buy a sword now and by heall far here after
	layer_6: and such a faith is never free it is always maintain but the sword now and by heal far hereafter
	layer_8: and such a faith is never free it is always maintaind but the sword now and by hellfar hereafter
	layer_10: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell far hereafter
	layer_12: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell far hereafter

file: 116-288048-0023.flac
expected: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jesus mouth
	layer_2: yet tha most impossil utternces are plt in eous mouth
	layer_4: get the most impossible utterances ore putain jeous mouth
	layer_6: yet the most impossible utterances are putin jeous mouth
	layer_8: yet the most impossible utterances are putinggeh's mouth
	layer_10: yet the most impossible utterances are putingge's mouth
	layer_12: yet the most impossible utterances are putinge's mouth

file: 116-288048-0024.flac
expected: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the universe to courtiers who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_2: only a mithicul egus condvertualy hand ovr the gonm a evers te corters who have potations to press upon his attention
	layer_4: only a mythical jesus convertually hand over the gom at evers to qoarters who have petations to press up on his attention
	layer_6: only a mythical jesus convirtually hand over the goverm at ievers to quarters who have petations to press upon his attention
	layer_8: only a mythical jesus can virtually hand over the governmnet ievers to quarters who have petations to press upon his attention
	layer_10: only a mythical jesus can virtually hand over the government ivers to quarters who have patitions to press upon his attention
	layer_12: only a mythical jesus can virtually hand over the government f ivers to quarters who have patitions to press upon his attention

file: 116-288048-0025.flac
expected: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_2: moreover iv jesous could keep his promise there would be to day no miser n the world no orpants no childes mothers no shipprecks no flods no fanmens no izease no curipled children no ansanty no wars no crime no rong
	layer_4: moreover ife esus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childess mothers no shipwricks no floods no famons no dizease no crippled children no ansanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_6: moreover if desas could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childess mothers no shipwricks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_8: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphanes no childess mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_10: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_12: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong

file: 116-288048-0026.flac
expected: have these prayers been answered
	layer_2: haviese prayers been answered
	layer_4: haves prayers been answered
	layer_6: havys prayers been answered
	layer_8: heavy's prayers been answered
	layer_10: heavi's prayers been answered
	layer_12: heavy's prayers been answered

file: 116-288048-0027.flac
expected: how many self deluded prophets these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_2: howme self o lav profets these extraving ant claims have producetd
	layer_4: how ae self do lue propfets these extravang ant claims have produced
	layer_6: how ahe self deluid profets these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_8: how mny self deluid profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_10: how many self delud prophits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_12: how many self delude prophits these extravagant claims have produced

file: 116-288048-0028.flac
expected: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_2: an who cannumbwere the bieter ges aoppointmets cause by sici an possil promises
	layer_4: and who can number the biergis appointments caused by such and possible promises
	layer_6: and who can number the bittergsappointments caused by such inpossible promises
	layer_8: and who can number the biter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_10: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_12: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises

file: 116-288048-0029.flac
expected: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_2: the samg wuich apprecurs of to dayagive hepared his ance with miny words and at leng said at the promise was retakieng with tho provision that whl we asked for would begiven iv go tught it for u good
	layer_4: the same which tha preachers of to day give he paried his ans with many words and at lenkt said tat the promise was retaken with the provision that what we asked for would begiven if got though it for our good
	layer_6: the same which the preachers of to day give he paried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was retaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_8: the same which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_10: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was betaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_12: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was betaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good

file: 116-288048-0030.flac
expected: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_2: fburt he said if hyo askenthling in my name i will do it and if it woue not so i would have told you
	layer_4: fut he said if yeu ask ething in my name i will do it and if it weure not so i would have told you
	layer_6: but he said if he ask ethning in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_8: but he said if ye ask aything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_10: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_12: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you

file: 116-288048-0031.flac
expected: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_2: dhat he not mean just whae he saidr
	layer_4: did he not mean just whate he said
	layer_6: did he not mean just wht he said
	layer_8: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_10: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_12: did he not mean just what he said

file: 116-288048-0032.flac
expected: self effort and not prayer is the remedy against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_2: self effort and not prayir is a rimi against ignants slavery poverty ind more degradation
	layer_4: self effort and not prayer is arimid against egnourante slavery poverty and more degredation
	layer_6: self effort and not prayer is arremued against ignorance slavery poverty and morel degradation
	layer_8: self effort and not prayer is a remied against ignorance slavery poverty and mora degradation
	layer_10: self effort and not prayer is a remie against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_12: self effort and not prayer is a remie against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation

file: 116-288046-0000.flac
expected: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_2: but i anbeterm not onlygeo kno if it is possible the whole truth obout desus but asoe to communicate that true thu others
	layer_4: but i am be termine not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth thuh others
	layer_6: but i am de termined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth hrou others
	layer_8: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth through others
	layer_10: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth trough others
	layer_12: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth trough others

file: 116-288046-0001.flac
expected: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_2: bhut there is more of a moral tonic an the open in can on disgcussion of a subjet like the onen hand then in the multitude oapplatitudes
	layer_4: but there is more of a moral tonic and the open incaned a discussion of a subjecth like the one in hand then in ta multitude a platitudes
	layer_6: but there is more of a moraltonic and the open ancaned ad discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_8: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open andcandad discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_10: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_12: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes

file: 116-288046-0002.flac
expected: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_2: i never daliver alecture in which ido not geiad dracklyt or interectly if foulind fr xpression to my fath and everything ta s worly af fach
	layer_4: i never deliver aelecture in which i do not gitad directly or indirectly ive full en fore expression to my faith in everything that is worly of faith
	layer_6: i never delive r a lecture in which i do not git e directly or indirectly give full and fre expression to my faith and everything that is worlhy of faith
	layer_8: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not geither directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith and everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_10: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_12: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith

file: 116-288046-0003.flac
expected: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_2: if i o not believ en dogma is because i bleve in freedom
	layer_4: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in fredom
	layer_6: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_8: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_10: if i do not believe in dogma tis because i believe in freedom
	layer_12: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom

file: 116-288046-0004.flac
expected: oh he tears down but does not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_2: oh he tars down bur he's not bild ut is an other crisesm a but my work it is not true
	layer_4: oh he tars down but he's not builld up is another crisism about my work it is not true
	layer_6: oh he tears down but he 's not build up is another crisism about my work it is not true
	layer_8: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another ciricism about my work it is not true
	layer_10: oh he tears down but he is not built up is another cirticism about my work it is not true
	layer_12: oh he tears down but he is not built up is another criticism about my work it is not true

file: 116-288046-0005.flac
expected: no preacher or priest is more constructive
	layer_2: no preature appret es more constructive
	layer_4: no prature a pret is more constructive
	layer_6: no preacher a preat is more constructive
	layer_8: no preacher a prat is more constructive
	layer_10: no preacher a pract is more constructive
	layer_12: no preacher a prac is more constructive

file: 116-288046-0006.flac
expected: clapping truth into jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_2: classhdrand truth and jiele yaging the mou of the stooned is at buildeng up ortarrying down
	layer_4: clason truth in jaile yagging the mouth of the stoent is that buildingup or tearying down
	layer_6: classping truth in a jail yagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_8: clasping truth in a jail yagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_10: clasping truth in a jail yagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_12: clasping truth in a jail yagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down

file: 116-288046-0007.flac
expected: when bruno lighted a new torch to increase the light of the world what was his reward the stake
	layer_2: when brinal lid a new toorch to ancrease e lie of the world wholt was is wre ward the stake
	layer_4: whin brinel light a new torch to increased a lie of the world whot was is eward the stake
	layer_6: when brinnel liht a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his feward the stake
	layer_8: when brynnel lied a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his feward the stake
	layer_10: when brynold lied a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his foerward the stake
	layer_12: when brynold lied a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his for ward the stake

file: 116-288046-0008.flac
expected: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_2: caount yourrihtes polticl religious social intellectiual entelle which of them was coquret for you by ha priest
	layer_4: count your rites political religious social intellectual andtel me which of them was coqured for you by the priest
	layer_6: count your rightes political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_8: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_10: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_12: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest

file: 116-288046-0009.flac
expected: i wish to tell you something
	layer_2: i wish a tell you something
	layer_4: i which i tell you something
	layer_6: i wish i tell you something
	layer_8: i wish i tell you something
	layer_10: i wish i tell you something
	layer_12: i wish i tell you something

file: 116-288046-0010.flac
expected: but first let us be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_2: tbe first liss be impersonal be opathits i reverent glass omer aigthiest and infidall ar flng in a man not from pity bet from invy
	layer_4: but first less be impersonal te opathites ir reverent blaspumer ainhthiest and infidel ar flung an a man not from pity but from invi
	layer_6: tut first less be impersonal te epathets irreverent blasphemer ainthiest and infidel are flung and a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_8: but first less be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung an a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_10: but firstless be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist an infidel are flung an a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_12: but firstless be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist an infidel are flung an a man not from pity but from envy

file: 116-288046-0011.flac
expected: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wetting the open page before him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_2: not havin t a courage r the industry of or nighbor who works like o busy be in the world of min an books searching with ha swead of his brow for the reale bread of life whet inthe open page offord him with his tears pusiinto the we hours the night his quest and maa but a fairset of all loves the leve of truth we eas are own indolant conscience wy klind him names
	layer_4: not having the courage ore the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy be in the world o min an books searching with ha swead of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page of fored him with his tears pushin into the we hours of the night his quest and mad ad but a fairist of all loves the love of truth we ease ar own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_6: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the swead of his brow for the real bread of life whet in thy open page aford him with his tears pushing into the whe hours of the night his quest and mated byt the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_8: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy beet in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet in thy open page afford him with his tears pushing into the whee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_10: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life when in the open page afford him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_12: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life when in the open page afford him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names

file: 116-288045-0000.flac
expected: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups wending their way hither and thither
	layer_2: as i approsed to citi i heard belsringing and l later i fon the strets a stir with throngs of woldres people in family groups wynding ther way hither in dithern
	layer_4: as i approaced the city i heard bells ringing and lila later i found the streets a stir with throngs of woldressed people in family groups winding their way hither and dhither
	layer_6: as i approachd the city i heard bellsringing and l ltle later i found the streets a stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_8: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing an a lite later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_10: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing ad a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_12: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither

file: 116-288045-0001.flac
expected: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_2: looking abaut me i saw gentlement inm a neat black dress smiling and his hand exteninto memewith great oargiality
	layer_4: looking about me i saw e gentlement in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extenedt to me with great corgiality
	layer_6: looking about me i saw a gentlemant in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_8: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_10: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_12: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality

file: 116-288045-0002.flac
expected: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_2: he must have rilas iowas astranger and whished o tinere his hospitallhy to me i axccepted t grateflly i clased his hand he pressed mine
	layer_4: he must have rillazs ti was a stranger and wished o tindor his hospbital he to me i accept id it gratefully i classped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_6: he must have reillized i was a stranger and wished to tindor his hospitality to me i acceptit it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_8: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_10: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_12: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine

file: 116-288045-0003.flac
expected: we gazed for a moment silently into each other's eyes
	layer_2: we gazed fora momuslightlainto egto therseyes
	layer_4: we gazed for a moments lightly into eageother's eyes
	layer_6: we gazed for a moments lightly into each other's eyes
	layer_8: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes
	layer_10: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes
	layer_12: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes

file: 116-288045-0004.flac
expected: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_2: of coure youre going their to i said to my ferimtly gid
	layer_4: of course you ae going ther too i said to my friendly guid
	layer_6: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_8: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_10: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_12: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide

file: 116-288045-0005.flac
expected: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_2: yes hanswered i cannote the worsion i am apriesd
	layer_4: yes he answered i cannoct the wortha i am apriest
	layer_6: yes he answered i cannuc the worship i am a priest
	layer_8: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_10: yes he answered i connuct the worship i am a priest
	layer_12: yes he answered i connuct the worship i am a priest

file: 116-288045-0006.flac
expected: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_2: henitdle i whisherd taken bes surprise
	layer_4: ten idole i whisered taken by surprise
	layer_6: an idole i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_8: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_10: an idyl i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_12: an idyl i whispered taken by surprise

file: 116-288045-0007.flac
expected: they worshipped gods that did not exist
	layer_2: they worsh i god the id not exist
	layer_4: they worshop god they did not exist
	layer_6: they worship god they did not exist
	layer_8: they worshiped god they did not exist
	layer_10: they worshipped god they did not exist
	layer_12: they worshipped god they did not exist

file: 116-288045-0008.flac
expected: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamoring in my breast
	layer_2: that thegreeaks love their gods oprotested my heart clawmen my breasd
	layer_4: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamrin my breast
	layer_6: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clam rin my breast
	layer_8: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamurin my breast
	layer_10: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamorin my breast
	layer_12: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamorin my breast

file: 116-288045-0009.flac
expected: no i said in a low voice
	layer_2: no i said in a low voice
	layer_4: no i said in a low voice
	layer_6: no i said in a low voice
	layer_8: no i said in a low voice
	layer_10: no i said in a low voice
	layer_12: no i said in a low voice

file: 116-288045-0010.flac
expected: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_2: he was an itn thenm and not a god
	layer_4: he was an idole then and not a god
	layer_6: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_8: he was an idole then and not a god
	layer_10: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_12: he was an idol then and not a god

file: 116-288045-0011.flac
expected: it made athens a city of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_2: i made afhend a sey of light ecreated the beauiful the tre the good yes are rligion was dvine
	layer_4: it made ath and to see of light itcreated the beautiful the true the good yes are religion was divine
	layer_6: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our eligion was divine
	layer_8: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_10: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_12: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine

file: 116-288045-0012.flac
expected: it had only one fault interrupted my guide what was that
	layer_2: theit had only one faulht introk o my gid what was that
	layer_4: that had only one fault introkedhi my guide what was that
	layer_6: it had only one fault and troked in my guide what was that
	layer_8: it had only one fault and throked o my guide what was that
	layer_10: it had only one fault andtroked in my guide what was that
	layer_12: it had only one fault and troked in my guide what was that

file: 116-288045-0013.flac
expected: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_2: i aequiretd without knoine what his answould be it was not true
	layer_4: i inquired without kno one whet his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_6: i inquired without knowing what his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_8: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_10: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_12: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true

file: 116-288045-0014.flac
expected: produce him
	layer_2: podu s him
	layer_4: produce him
	layer_6: produce him
	layer_8: produce him
	layer_10: produce him
	layer_12: produce him

file: 116-288045-0015.flac
expected: i whispered to myself what blasphemy
	layer_2: i wulh hu to myself what blass fo me
	layer_4: i wich hwe co myself what blas for me
	layer_6: i wishdwer to myself what blas for me
	layer_8: i wish oi to myself what blas por me
	layer_10: i wish yo to myself what blasphe me
	layer_12: i wishyou to myself what blasphe me

file: 116-288045-0016.flac
expected: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_2: thin taking heart i told my guid how morethan once i had felt apolae radingat presence in my heart and thold him of the immordal lineds of homeer concerng id o one apollow
	layer_4: thin taking heart i told my guid how more than once i had felt upollows radigat presence in my heart and old him of the immortal lines of homeer concerind the divin apollow
	layer_6: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt upollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homeer concernd the divinapollo
	layer_8: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollow's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerineg the divane apollo
	layer_10: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_12: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo

file: 116-288045-0017.flac
expected: do you doubt homer
	layer_2: do you doubt homar
	layer_4: do you doubt homa
	layer_6: do you doubt homer
	layer_8: do you doubt homer
	layer_10: do you doubt homer
	layer_12: do you doubt homer

file: 116-288045-0018.flac
expected: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_2: i saido him homor the inspired bard
	layer_4: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_6: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_8: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_10: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_12: i said to him homer the inspired bard

file: 116-288045-0019.flac
expected: no no apollo is not an idol
	layer_2: no no a pollo was nmotanigtal
	layer_4: no no a polo is not anitle
	layer_6: no no a pollo is not a n idle
	layer_8: no no a polo is not an idle
	layer_10: no no a pollo is not an idle
	layer_12: no no a pollo is not an idle

file: 116-288045-0020.flac
expected: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_2: he his a god and has son of agod
	layer_4: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_6: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_8: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_10: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_12: he is a god and the son of a god

file: 116-288045-0021.flac
expected: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_2: the are was heavy with inscaence annumber of manon corgoes vestmentcs were passing to infro bow ent inneealing before thiv various lies and images
	layer_4: the air was heavy with inctencs a number of men and corgeos vestments were passing to in fro vow an in neealing before the various lioes and images
	layer_6: the air was heavy with inctants a number of men and corgeous vestments were passing to and fro bow an an kneeling before the various lives and images
	layer_8: the air was heavy with incants a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bow ing and kneeling before the various lives and images
	layer_10: the air was heavy with incante a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before their various lives and images
	layer_12: the air was heavy with incante a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before ther various lives and images

file: 116-288045-0022.flac
expected: observing my anxiety to understand the meaning of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful savior jesus the son of god
	layer_2: obzevrying myanxsi to understand the mean of all this my gui tooe me as side and ina whisper  told meto te peop woer cilibringhe aniversry of the berty other wetifulsaoure jesus the sun of god
	layer_4: obsevring my anxi to understand the mean of all this my guy took me aside and in a whisper told me tha the people wore cilebrain the anni versary of the berhthe o their reautiful salure jesus the son of god
	layer_6: observing my anxie to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were a cilebratng the anniversary of the birthty of their reautiful salviure jesus the son of god
	layer_8: observing my anxiet to understand the mean of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthdy of their beautiful savure jesus the son of god
	layer_10: observing my anxiety to understand the means of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god
	layer_12: observing my anxiety to understand the means of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god

file: 116-288045-0023.flac
expected: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severity in his voice
	layer_2: forguit upollo he said with his ugetion of suverit in his voice
	layer_4: forget apollo he said with his igecian of severiting his voice
	layer_6: forget apallo he said with his agesion of severiting his voice
	layer_8: forget apollo he said with his agestion of severiting his voice
	layer_10: forget apollo he said with his aggestion of severiting his voice
	layer_12: forget apollo he said with his aggestion of severiting his voice

file: 116-288045-0024.flac
expected: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_2: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_4: there is no such person he was only an idole
	layer_6: there is no such person he was only an idole
	layer_8: there is no such person he was only an idole
	layer_10: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_12: there is no such person he was only an idol

file: 116-288045-0025.flac
expected: if you were to search for apollo in all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_2: if you word is erch for a poloant all the niniversehe would never find  one answeringto his nawordoescription
	layer_4: if yo wuld a search for a pollowent all the universe he would never find  one answering to his nam wor description
	layer_6: if hou wuld assearch for a polloent all the universe yo would never find a one answering to his nam or description
	layer_8: if you would a search for a polloent all the universe youwould never find anone answering to his name or description
	layer_10: if you would asearch for apolloan all the universe you would never find anyone answering to his name or description
	layer_12: if you would a search for apolloan all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description

file: 116-288045-0026.flac
expected: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_2: i wint is he jesus i hasten turn tward him
	layer_4: i wnt o s he jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_6: i want to see jesus i hasten turning towards him
	layer_8: i want to see jesus i hastend turning towards him
	layer_10: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_12: i want to see jesus i hastened turning towards him

file: 116-288045-0027.flac
expected: will he not be here this morning
	layer_2: wil he not be hearedi smorning
	layer_4: will he not be here this morning
	layer_6: will he not be here this morning
	layer_8: will he not be here this morning
	layer_10: will he not be here this morning
	layer_12: will he not be here this morning

file: 116-288045-0028.flac
expected: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_2: wlhe not spek to his worshipers i as again
	layer_4: wil e not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_6: well he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_8: wil he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_10: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_12: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again

file: 116-288045-0029.flac
expected: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhale the ambrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_2: wil he not hero mit entetouchom to coresshis hand to classe has devind feet to anhil the embrogual fragrentce of his breath to bask im a golden lighe if his eyes to her tha music of his i maculate eccense
	layer_4: will he not permit into touch him to caress his hand to class his divind feet to anhel the embrosual fragrancs of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear themusic of his emaculate excente
	layer_6: will he not permit thim to touch him to caress his hand to class his divined feet to in hel the embrosual fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_8: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feat to inhel the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_10: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhal the unbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_12: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhal the unbrasial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents

file: 116-288045-0030.flac
expected: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_2: i asked my eyes felwith wonder ind my voice quiving wih exciment
	layer_4: i asked my eyes fellwith wonder in my voice quiving with excitement
	layer_6: i asked my eyes fel with wonder and my voice quiving with excitement
	layer_8: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_10: i asked my eyes filld with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_12: i asked my eyes filld with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement

file: 116-288045-0031.flac
expected: would not that then i ventured to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_2: would not that then i vinthe to ask impatiently make desus as much ove an idle is a polow
	layer_4: would not that then ivence to ask impatiently make desus as much ov an idle as a polo
	layer_6: would not that then i vented to ask impatiently make desis as much of an idole as a pollo
	layer_8: would not that then i ventued to ask impatiently make jezis as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_10: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesis as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_12: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesis as much of an idol as apollo

file: 116-288045-0032.flac
expected: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_2: and if faith at esus is a gd prusom agod whil wl not fapen apollow mak hinw agod
	layer_4: and itf faiththat jesis is a god prus him a god while will not fath in apollow make him agod
	layer_6: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god whyt will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_8: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_10: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_12: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god

file: 116-288047-0000.flac
expected: a myth is a fanciful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_2: ia mith is af fancwo exlanation of a given phrnomernon
	layer_4: imeth his of fancfl explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_6: i meth as a fancil explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_8: i met as a fancil explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_10: i met as a fancul explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_12: i met as a fanciful explanation of a given phenomenon

file: 116-288047-0001.flac
expected: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an inborn desire to know
	layer_2: the mincrayse fore knowledge the child ask questions wecause vban ein bornig desare to ko
	layer_4: the mind crase for knowledge the child ask questions because of  emborning desir to kno
	layer_6: the mind craves for knowledge the child as questions because of an emborning desire to know
	layer_8: the mind craves for knowledge the child ask questions because o an unborning desire to know
	layer_10: the mind craves for knowledge the child ask questions because ofan unborning desire to know
	layer_12: the mind craves for knowledge the child ask questions because of an unborning desire to know

file: 116-288047-0002.flac
expected: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_2: nowind mn the kan closin of de stapityjother
	layer_4: now an men they can closing of tosnapitye gother
	layer_6: now and mhen they came clos enouh to snap at each other
	layer_8: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_10: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_12: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other

file: 116-288047-0003.flac
expected: with this mythus the primitive man was satisfied until his developing intelligence realized its inadequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_2: with this mitthos the prome to man was tatisfigede and he has developin inteligence reallas its in neiquasy science was born of that relization
	layer_4: with this mit thos the proome to man was tatisfied and who has develop in intelligence realasedits inaniquacy science was born of that relization
	layer_6: with this midthos the proume to man was tatisfied and who has developein intelligence realised its inanoquacy science was born of that realization
	layer_8: with this mithos the proome to man was satisfied and who has develop ing intelligence realized its innanequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_10: with this mythos the pbroom to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inandequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_12: with this mythos the proome to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inandequacy science was born of that realization

file: 116-288047-0004.flac
expected: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindoos
	layer_2: the merth of a one id people livin an india has in replace by acor ifeormationgconcerin ta hindues
	layer_4: the myth of a one eied people living an india has bin replace by accure information concerin the hindews
	layer_6: the mith of a one eyed people living an india has ben replaced by accur information concering the hinduews
	layer_8: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accur information concerning the hindus
	layer_10: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindus
	layer_12: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindus

file: 116-288047-0005.flac
expected: and this is precisely the use to which myths have been put
	layer_2: and missus precisa the yuse to which mcs hav en plut
	layer_4: and missus preciseer thet used to which mis haven put
	layer_6: and missus preciser that use to which mes hav ben purt
	layer_8: and missus preciser tha use to which meis have ben purt
	layer_10: and missus preciser tha use to which mis have been put
	layer_12: and missus preciser that use to which miss have been purt

file: 116-288047-0006.flac
expected: is jesus a myth
	layer_2: is yu isami
	layer_4: is juisamit
	layer_6: is jesucemin
	layer_8: is jesusament
	layer_10: is jesussamen
	layer_12: is jesussemend

file: 116-288047-0007.flac
expected: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_2: there is an man affaculty forfiction
	layer_4: there is in man affaculty for fiction
	layer_6: there is in man af faculty for fixtion
	layer_8: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_10: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_12: there is in man a faculty for fiction

file: 116-288047-0008.flac
expected: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_2: it tins lesst in at gesses
	layer_4: if fins less tan it guesses
	layer_6: i fhink lessthan it guesses
	layer_8: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_10: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_12: it thinks less than it guesses

file: 116-288047-0009.flac
expected: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its restless spirit
	layer_2: it is reflection which unteroduces o be into a mouth of imagination curbingits pace and subdoin its elentles spirt
	layer_4: it is reflection which introduces of be into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduin its relintless spirit
	layer_6: it is reflection which introduces of be into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_8: it is reflection which introduces a be in to the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_10: it is reflection which introduces a bein to the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_12: it is reflection which introduces a being to the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit

file: 116-288047-0010.flac
expected: we fill the space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings
	layer_2: we fyoul e space abouan overu wofs spirits fairies gods an other invisibl on ary bens
	layer_4: we fel te space about and over us woerh spirits fairies gods an other invisibl one eiry beans
	layer_6: we feld a space about an over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beams
	layer_8: we feld a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beams
	layer_10: we feel tha space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beams
	layer_12: we feel ta space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beams

file: 116-288047-0011.flac
expected: we covet the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_2: wbecove at th rainbow we reach oup for a moon
	layer_4: bwecove rt the rainbow we reachd out for te moon
	layer_6: we covert the rainbow we reached out for the moon
	layer_8: we cover t the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_10: we cover at the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_12: we cover at the rainbow we reach out for the moon

file: 116-288047-0012.flac
expected: our feet do not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_2: our fete not rely begin atuche of farm groun andr we havereach the years o discression
	layer_4: our feet not rely beging etouche e firm ground and we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_6: our feet not really beking to touched the firm ground and we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_8: our feet not really being to touch te firm ground and we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_10: our feet not really being to touch the firm ground and we have reachedthe years of discretion
	layer_12: our feet not really being to touch the firm ground and we have reached the years of discretion

file: 116-288047-0013.flac
expected: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_2: sigence was not born till man and macurd
	layer_4: science was not borntil man and matured
	layer_6: science was not born till man had matured
	layer_8: science was not born till man had matured
	layer_10: science was not born till man had matured
	layer_12: science was not born till man had matured

file: 116-288047-0014.flac
expected: grown up people create science
	layer_2: gown up people creea siense
	layer_4: gown up people creas science
	layer_6: grown up people cresd science
	layer_8: grown up people creatze science
	layer_10: grown up people creates science
	layer_12: grown up people creates science

file: 116-288047-0015.flac
expected: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and faiths of mankind
	layer_2: the creadele is the woum of al the fairies and face and ankimn
	layer_4: the credl is the woum of all the fairies and face a ankime
	layer_6: the cradle is the woomb of all the fairies and face an mankind
	layer_8: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and face a mankind
	layer_10: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face o mankind
	layer_12: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face o mankind

file: 116-288047-0016.flac
expected: the school is the birthplace of science
	layer_2: the school as the birsthlacas sience
	layer_4: the school as the berth places science
	layer_6: this school is the birth places science
	layer_8: this school is the birthplaces science
	layer_10: this school is the birthplaces science
	layer_12: this school is the birthplaces science

file: 116-288047-0017.flac
expected: religion is the science of the child
	layer_2: relegin of the sigens of the child
	layer_4: religing of the sience of the child
	layer_6: religion as the sciene of the child
	layer_8: religion is the sciene of the child
	layer_10: religion is the science of the child
	layer_12: religion is the science of the child

file: 116-288047-0018.flac
expected: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_2: in thet discuscsiof is subject i avpel to themaure not to the child mind
	layer_4: in the discussio of is subject i appeaile to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_6: in the discussion of his subject i appealed to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_8: in the discussion of this subject i appealed to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_10: in the discussion of his subject i appealed to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_12: in the discussion of his subject i appealed to the mature not to the child mind

file: 116-288047-0019.flac
expected: he is god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_2: he has gods moh pieace and no one ma disagrewith him
	layer_4: he as gods mauth pece and kno one may disagre with him
	layer_6: he has god's mouth pece and no one may disagre with him
	layer_8: he has god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_10: he as god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_12: he is god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him

file: 116-288047-0020.flac
expected: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_2: the onlyway i' ma omman ourespect is e rusonable
	layer_4: the only way i mak command yar respect is to e reasonable
	layer_6: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_8: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_10: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_12: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable

file: 116-288047-0021.flac
expected: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_2: let us placeorselves andtreling the hands of the ovidenc
	layer_4: let us place our selves entirelyng the hands of the evidence
	layer_6: let us place our siles entireling the hands of the evidence
	layer_8: let us place our selvs entirelying the hands of the evidence
	layer_10: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_12: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence

file: 116-288047-0022.flac
expected: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affection the devotion and the labor of humanity is a myth or a reality
	layer_2: as inteillighnt bengs wit desarg now whar o this desus whose orshr as not only cogstin the worlfp nmilions of the peoples money buthichis also drawind to his service the time the nrgies te effections lhe davotions and the labracumanity is a minth or reality
	layer_4: as intelligent beans woitdesirage no where this jesus whose worshre wis not only cost in the worlp milions of the peoples money but whih is also drawing to his service the time the inergies the affections the devotions and the laboricumanity is a mynth or reality
	layer_6: as intelligent beangs would desiregto know wherear this jesus whose worshie is not only costing the worldthe millions of the people's money but whih is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labrichumanity is a mynth or reality
	layer_8: as intelligent beings would desire to know wherer this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labori humanity is a mynth or reality
	layer_10: as intelligent beings woed desire to know wheher this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the laborein humanity is a mynth or reality
	layer_12: as intelligent beings woed desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the laborin humanity is a myth or reality

file: 8288-274150-0000.flac
expected: and again when the artist following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint aignan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quiet meditation they enjoyed together
	layer_2: and again  wen thy artestt following maicornsedvice wis a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been ablodges to be absen for some tieme it was enteresting to aobserveiton tshough noone witness them those momets of silence full of deep becxpression which united in one sigd to souls most dispose to understandachute and who by no means abjected to the quite metitationtly injoyd ogethe
	layer_4: and again when the artist following maanc corns advice was a littlelate in arriving and whensaint agnan had been obloged to be absent for sometime it was interesting to observeso tough no one witness them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one' sihe two souls most disposed to understandach other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationaly enjoyed to gether
	layer_6: and again when the artists following manaccorn's advice was a littlelate in arriving and when saint agnant had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observeto though no one witnessed them those momets of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_8: and again when the artist following malnicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe a though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_10: and again when the artists following mallichorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe tha though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_12: and again when the artist's following mallichorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe that though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together

file: 8288-274150-0001.flac
expected: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plenty and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_2: an at word malicorn fall os fur that he was no hetknew it noot head learned howtwoin spire the king with an aptit in the midst of ply and with dhesire and the assurancesu possession
	layer_4: in a word malicorn pallosopher that he was no he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire ind the assurancesu possession
	layer_6: in a word malicorn pholosopher that he was hog het knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plai and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_8: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of playng and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_10: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of playing and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_12: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of playing and with desire in the assurance of possession

file: 8288-274150-0002.flac
expected: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptics
	layer_2: in this manner tt therefore without leaving her room and having no conf adont she wasd able to returnd who her apartment thus removing by her apprence a lowtld tarty perhaps the suspicions of the mostdeterman skeptic
	layer_4: in this manner th therefore without leaving her room and having no confedant she was able to returnt who her apartment thus removing by her apparents a lttle tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determan skeptic
	layer_6: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return ho her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determaned sceptic
	layer_8: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_10: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_12: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic

file: 8288-274150-0003.flac
expected: but the door remained closed and neither saint aignan nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_2: but the door remain clots and neither siht agnon nor the painher peared nor tid the hans e binme
	layer_4: but the door remaintd cloes and neither sight agnon knor the pain er peared nor did the hagnds evoen me
	layer_6: but the door remaind cloed and neither saint agon nor the painer apeared nor did the hangns even me
	layer_8: but the door remained closed and neither saint agnen nor the painter appeared nor did the hagins eaven mev
	layer_10: but the door remained closed and neither saint agden nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings eaven move
	layer_12: but the door remained closed and neither saint agnen nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings eaven move

file: 8288-274150-0004.flac
expected: go then dearest love said the king but return quickly
	layer_2: gorten dearest love said the kin lhet tor eturn quickly
	layer_4: go then dearest love said the king thet returne quickly
	layer_6: gothen dearest love said the ki that return quickly
	layer_8: godhen dearest love said the king that o return quickly
	layer_10: groden dearest love said the king that t return quickly
	layer_12: groden dearest love said the king that to return quickly

file: 8288-274150-0005.flac
expected: no no not to day sire
	layer_2: no no not to dy si
	layer_4: no no not te da si
	layer_6: no no not to day si
	layer_8: no no not to day si
	layer_10: no no not to day sih
	layer_12: no no not to day sih

file: 8288-274150-0006.flac
expected: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_2: i knew but two welli you had not sase to love ny
	layer_4: i knew but too well at you had not ceased to love me
	layer_6: i knew but too well that you had not cease to love me
	layer_8: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_10: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_12: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me

file: 8288-274150-0007.flac
expected: la valliere with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_2: the valory with e gstour partly of extren er andpartly as if in voking a blessing attempted do speak bu coannot ar ticulate mone word
	layer_4: the valry with he gestur partly of extremedterr and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted too speak but cannot articulate one word
	layer_6: the valery with te gesture partly of extremed error and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but cannot articulate one word
	layer_8: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but cannot articulate one word
	layer_10: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but cannot articulate one word
	layer_12: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but cannot articulate one word

file: 8288-274150-0008.flac
expected: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_2: at the moment however when the keng throewh himself on his knees a a cry of utter despaire ranks rughthe cordor accomaned by the sound of retrating footstips
	layer_4: at the moment however when the keing throew himself on his knees a a cry of utter despaire ranks through the qoridor accompantied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_6: at the moment however when the keing threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despaired rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_8: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_10: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_12: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps

file: 8288-274162-0000.flac
expected: the captain sitting buried in his leathern armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his mustache
	layer_2: the captain sitting buried in is lether arm chair his spers fixed an the flor his shword bestween his legs was reding anumber of letters as he twisis mustash
	layer_4: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist as mustache
	layer_6: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistis mustache
	layer_8: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist his mustache
	layer_10: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twissteis moustache
	layer_12: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistedis moustache

file: 8288-274162-0001.flac
expected: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_2: d'artagnian uttred a welk om full of pleasur when he preceived his friends son
	layer_4: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend' sun
	layer_6: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_8: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_10: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_12: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son

file: 8288-274162-0002.flac
expected: raoul my boy he said by what lucky accident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_2: my boy he said by what to lucky ansidintesit happene that the king has ar caled u
	layer_4: rod my boy he said by what to lucky ansirdent tes it happened hat the king has rcalle ju
	layer_6: r old my boy he said by what a lucky encident does it happened that the king has recalled jeu
	layer_8: riold my boy he said by what a lucky incident does it happen that the king has recalled jew
	layer_10: rol my boy he said by what a lucky incident does it happen that the king has recalled jew
	layer_12: rol my boy he said by what a lucky incident does it happen that the king has recalled jew

file: 8288-274162-0003.flac
expected: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_2: these words did not sound agreeably an the young manzers who es he seetr himself freplye upon myh wor i cannot ded yue all tat i knoww is i have come back umn
	layer_4: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man'sears who as he seaterd himself replie upon my word i cannot dellyou all that i know is i have come back um
	layer_6: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back am
	layer_8: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replidg upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_10: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_12: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum

file: 8288-274162-0004.flac
expected: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_2: that the kin has not le caled ou and you havery turned
	layer_4: that the king his not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_6: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_8: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_10: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_12: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned

file: 8288-274162-0005.flac
expected: i do not understand that at all
	layer_2: i dod no un derstend that the a
	layer_4: i dod not understend that that all
	layer_6: i do not understand that at all
	layer_8: i do not understand that at all
	layer_10: i do not understand that at all
	layer_12: i do not understand that at all

file: 8288-274162-0006.flac
expected: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_2: rol was already pal enough and he now began to turn hss hat roundend round in his hand
	layer_4: grool was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_6: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_8: graowel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_10: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_12: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand

file: 8288-274162-0007.flac
expected: what the deuce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_2: hat they doc as the matter that you look as you do and whant make you so dom
	layer_4: what they duce is the matter that you look as you do and want makes you sow dum
	layer_6: what they doe is the matter that you look as you dom and whant makes you so dumb
	layer_8: what they do ss is the matter that you look as you do and whant makes you so dumb
	layer_10: what they do is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_12: what they do is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb

file: 8288-274162-0008.flac
expected: said the captain do people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england
	layer_2: said the captain to peopl nowdays the soo mat sort of airs n englat
	layer_4: said the captain to people nowadays the sum met sort of airs and england
	layer_6: said the captain to people now adays the soum met sort of eirs in england
	layer_8: said the captain do people now adays he sum met sort of airs in england
	layer_10: said the captain do people nowadays thes soum mat sort of airs in england
	layer_12: said the captain do people nowadays thes soum met sort of airs in england

file: 8288-274162-0009.flac
expected: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_2: i have been in englend and came her again as livelyas a chaffence
	layer_4: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffince
	layer_6: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffince
	layer_8: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_10: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_12: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch

file: 8288-274162-0010.flac
expected: will you not say something
	layer_2: wiel youl not say something
	layer_4: will you not say something
	layer_6: will you not say something
	layer_8: will you not say something
	layer_10: will you not say something
	layer_12: will you not say something

file: 8288-274162-0011.flac
expected: i have too much to say
	layer_2: i had to much to say
	layer_4: i had to much to say
	layer_6: i had to much to say
	layer_8: i had too much to say
	layer_10: i had too much to say
	layer_12: i had too much to say

file: 8288-274162-0012.flac
expected: ah how is your father
	layer_2: h howse you forter
	layer_4: ah how is your fother
	layer_6: ah how is your fother
	layer_8: ah how is your father
	layer_10: ah how is your father
	layer_12: ah how is your father

file: 8288-274162-0013.flac
expected: forgive me my dear friend i was going to ask you that
	layer_2: eforgive me my dear frinm dit i  was going to askjusat
	layer_4: teforgive me my deafrimed it i was going to iaskusthat
	layer_6: beforgive me my dea framedit i was going to ascuse that
	layer_8: bforgive me my dear fremde i was going to ascuse that
	layer_10: forgive me my dear fremdi i was going to ascuse that
	layer_12: forgive me my dear fraemdi i was going to ascuse that

file: 8288-274162-0014.flac
expected: d'artagnan increased the sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_2: dairtian an creased this sharpeness of his pinetraden gaze wich no secret was capabolfresisting
	layer_4: d'artaan acreased his sharpness of his penetrateng gaze which no secret was capableo resisting
	layer_6: d'artaan increased his sharpness of his penetrateing gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_8: d'artaglan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_10: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_12: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting

file: 8288-274162-0015.flac
expected: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_2: you ln happ about someting he said
	layer_4: you an happy about something he said
	layer_6: oulan happy about something he said
	layer_8: youlan happy about something he said
	layer_10: bolan happy about something he said
	layer_12: bolan happy about something he said

file: 8288-274162-0016.flac
expected: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_2: i am andeed and you know the reason val ral misieourl datenon
	layer_4: i am indeed and you know the reason valu raill mons ieur tartagnan
	layer_6: i am indeed and you know the reason vali reil monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_8: i am indeed and you know the reason vale rel monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_10: i am indeed and you know the reason varlerell monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_12: i am indeed and you know the reason varlerell monsieur d'artagnan

file: 8288-274162-0017.flac
expected: nay do not pretend to be astonished
	layer_2: na do not pretent of fbiestoier
	layer_4: nay dod not pretentivyu stoner
	layer_6: ney do not pretentive yu stoner
	layer_8: nay do not pretend ofe yuastoner
	layer_10: nay do not pretend toe yo stonish
	layer_12: nay do not pretend to you stonesh

file: 8288-274162-0018.flac
expected: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_2: i ham not predind into vbe as on ismy friand
	layer_4: i am not predining tobeast honisht my frind
	layer_6: i am not prdending to be as honishe my friend
	layer_8: i am not predending to be astonished my friend
	layer_10: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_12: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend

file: 8288-274162-0019.flac
expected: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh oh
	layer_2: i have neither head  nor arm h do not despised but helpne into wordsin the mosturetched of living beings oo
	layer_4: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but a helpme in towords i n the most  wretched of living beings oh
	layer_6: i have neither head no arm do not despise but  help me in two wards i amd the most wretched of living beings oh hu
	layer_8: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but  help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh hump
	layer_10: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh humph
	layer_12: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh humph

file: 8288-274162-0020.flac
expected: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_2: she is deceevingyou said d'artanion tot a moss of whos face had movtd lose are big words who makes ouse of them
	layer_4: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face head moved thos ar big words who makes use of them
	layer_6: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face head moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_8: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face head moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_10: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face head moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_12: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face head moved those are big words who makes use of them

file: 8288-274162-0021.flac
expected: every one ah
	layer_2: everyon ah
	layer_4: everyone af
	layer_6: everyone ah
	layer_8: everyone ah
	layer_10: everyone ach
	layer_12: everyone ach

file: 8288-274162-0022.flac
expected: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_2: if everyonecsays so there must be some truthin it
	layer_4: if every oneay so there must be some truth in it
	layer_6: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_8: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_10: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_12: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it

file: 8288-274162-0023.flac
expected: not for a friend for a son
	layer_2: not for a friend for a s
	layer_4: not for a friend for a sal
	layer_6: not for a friend for a sanl
	layer_8: not for a friend for asanle
	layer_10: not for a friend for asal
	layer_12: not for a friend for asal

file: 8288-274162-0024.flac
expected: the deuce take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_2: a doce tak etou are really il fromcuiasty
	layer_4: a duced take it you are really iel from curiosty
	layer_6: a duced takeit you are really el from curiosity
	layer_8: aduse take it you are really el from curiosity
	layer_10: adeus take it you are really l from curiosity
	layer_12: adieus take it you are really il from curiosity

file: 8288-274162-0025.flac
expected: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_2: no it dis not from curiostye i is from love
	layer_4: no it ois not from curiosty i is from love
	layer_6: no it is not from curiosity its is from love
	layer_8: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_10: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_12: no it is not from curiosity it is from love

file: 8288-274162-0026.flac
expected: good another big word
	layer_2: goot another big word
	layer_4: got another big word
	layer_6: goat another big word
	layer_8: guat another big word
	layer_10: goat another big word
	layer_12: goat another big word

file: 8288-274162-0027.flac
expected: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_2: i tell you i love luias to thestiaction
	layer_4: i tell you i love louise to thistrnaction
	layer_6: i tell you i love louise to thi steaction
	layer_8: i tell you i love louise to thistraction
	layer_10: i tell you i love louise to thistaction
	layer_12: i tell you i love louise to thistaction

file: 8288-274162-0028.flac
expected: well suppose it were only that
	layer_2: wells the posit were only that
	layer_4: well s ep pos it were only that
	layer_6: well supposet were only that
	layer_8: well suppose it were only that
	layer_10: well suppose it were only that
	layer_12: well suppose it were only that

file: 8288-274162-0029.flac
expected: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_2: nosence l man ever succeededed making much ave a brain when the head was turned
	layer_4: no sence le man ever succeeded en making much av a brain when thee head was turned
	layer_6: nos senseibwill man ever succeeded in making much have a brain when the head was turned
	layer_8: no senseible man ever succeeded in making much hovfe a brain when the head was turned
	layer_10: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_12: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned

file: 8288-274162-0030.flac
expected: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_2: i have complely lost my sinceas in the same way are hundred time in my life
	layer_4: i have completely lost my senses in the same way are huntred times in my life
	layer_6: i have completely lost my senses and the same way ae hundred times in my life
	layer_8: i have completely lost my senses in the same way ae hundred times in my life
	layer_10: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_12: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life

file: 8288-274162-0031.flac
expected: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_2: you would her but you would not understand me you wuld un herstand but yoe ould not o bay me
	layer_4: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_6: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_8: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_10: you would here but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_12: you would heare but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me

file: 8288-274162-0032.flac
expected: oh try try
	layer_2: o try try
	layer_4: o try try
	layer_6: o try try
	layer_8: o try try
	layer_10: oh try try
	layer_12: oh try try

file: 8288-274162-0033.flac
expected: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_2: i go far even i fiwere unfortun adenough to no someting and foluistioneough toocomunicatito you you are my friend you sayg ind deed yes
	layer_4: i go far even if i were unfortunatenough to no something and foolisiheneough tookcommunicated to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_6: i go far even if i were unfortuntenough to know something and foolish en enough to communicated to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_8: i go far even if i were unfortunatenough to know something and foolish en enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_10: i'd go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enenough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_12: i'd go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish and enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes

file: 8288-274162-0034.flac
expected: very good i should quarrel with you
	layer_2: ther ya goody i shoulcarl wis you
	layer_4: there ar good i should quaral with you
	layer_6: there ar good i should quarrel with you
	layer_8: theyr are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_10: they are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_12: they are good i should quarrel with you

file: 8288-274162-0035.flac
expected: i never complain as you know but as heaven and my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhold i will tell him he lies and and you would kill him
	layer_2: i never complainas you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go an get the first person i emee to giv me the information which you with haloatld i will tell him heliesin and dou ill kcillia
	layer_4: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i me to giveme the information which you with halhod i will tell him he lis and and dou willkillia
	layer_6: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i me to give me the information which you with holhold i will tell him he lies an and you will kiliam
	layer_8: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i met to give me the information which you with halold i will tell him he lies in and you will kill him
	layer_10: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you with haloold i will tell him he lies in and you will kill him
	layer_12: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you with hal oold i will tell him he lies in and you will kill him

file: 8288-274162-0036.flac
expected: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_2: and a find o far that would be so much the better what should i ci
	layer_4: and a find affair that would be so much the better what should i karer
	layer_6: and a fined affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_8: and a find affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_10: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_12: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care

file: 8288-274162-0037.flac
expected: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_2: you nowl su my differen tult and stid if gilling you will git culd yourself i suppos youmin sery fin indeed
	layer_4: you now assouma different a and stid of gilling you will get kile yourself i suppose your man sery fin indeed
	layer_6: you now assu a different ta and stead of gilling you will get kill yourself i suppose your mean fery fine indeed
	layer_8: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose your mane very fine indeed
	layer_10: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you man very fine indeed
	layer_12: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you man very fine indeed

file: 8288-274162-0038.flac
expected: how much i should regret you
	layer_2: how much i should r gretou
	layer_4: how much i should her gret you
	layer_6: how much i should her gret you
	layer_8: how much i should rgret you
	layer_10: how much i should regret you
	layer_12: how much i should regret you

file: 8288-274162-0039.flac
expected: of course i should go about all day saying ah
	layer_2: of course y sl go about all daysing oh
	layer_4: of course i shl o about all day sing ah
	layer_6: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_8: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_10: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_12: of course i shall go about all day saying ah

file: 8288-274162-0040.flac
expected: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was
	layer_2: woat hae fine stoopid filow that breggalon was
	layer_4: what ae fine stupid fillow that bragalone was
	layer_6: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelone was
	layer_8: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelone was
	layer_10: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelongne was
	layer_12: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelongne was

file: 8288-274162-0041.flac
expected: as great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_2: as great a stupit as i ever matwith
	layer_4: d his great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_6: and his great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_8: and as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_10: and as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_12: and as great as stupid as i ever met with

file: 8288-274162-0042.flac
expected: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_2: go then gron go and get yourselfthi sposd derf a few like
	layer_4: go then groln go and get yourself disposedorv if fyou like
	layer_6: go then graouled go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_8: go then graoul go and get yourself disposed ofof if you like
	layer_10: go then graowul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_12: go then graowul go and get yourself disposed of if you like

file: 8288-274162-0043.flac
expected: i hardly know who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_2: i harly knew who can have touhch you lodgic but docestake me ift your father has not been reguly robed of his money
	layer_4: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but doce take me ift your father has not been reguly robbed of his money
	layer_6: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but duce take me if your father has not been regulrly robbed of his money
	layer_8: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but duce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_10: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_12: i hardly knew who can have touche you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money

file: 8288-274162-0044.flac
expected: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_2: ro will bried ais face in hiss hand's murmuring nono i have not tha single friendin y world
	layer_4: ra will buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_6: raill buried his face in his hands murmuring no non i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_8: rawel buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_10: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_12: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world

file: 8288-274162-0045.flac
expected: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you although i am a gascon
	layer_2: i thoh fancies montsieur i do not laugh at ou dugh i am agus cone
	layer_4: i dol fancies monsieur i do not laugh atcu dough i am a gascone
	layer_6: i dol fancy s monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_8: i dul fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascone
	layer_10: idul fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascogn
	layer_12: idule fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascogn

file: 8288-274162-0046.flac
expected: a carpenter what do you mean
	layer_2: a coepridthr what o you men
	layer_4: acipretther what do you mean
	layer_6: a ciprether what do you mean
	layer_8: a cyprindter what do you mean
	layer_10: a cyrperter what do you mean
	layer_12: a capeter what do you mean

file: 8288-274162-0047.flac
expected: upon my word i don't know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain flooring
	layer_2: a pon y wore di dod not ino some on told me there was ha carpene ter whom made an opening through as certain floor
	layer_4: upon my word i dod not know some one told me there was a carpent ther who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_6: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpent tere who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_8: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_10: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_12: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor

file: 8288-274162-0048.flac
expected: oh i don't know where
	layer_2: on  my don't kno whealre
	layer_4: onl i don't know where
	layer_6: o i don't know where
	layer_8: ow i don't know where
	layer_10: e wmi don't know where
	layer_12: e  i don't know where

file: 8288-274162-0049.flac
expected: in whose room then
	layer_2: and whoise hr om them
	layer_4: and whose herom them
	layer_6: and whose room them
	layer_8: and whose rom them
	layer_10: and whos roum them
	layer_12: and whos roum them

file: 8288-274162-0050.flac
expected: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_2: i have tolt you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the holl ofpfaer
	layer_4: i have told you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the holeaffair
	layer_6: i have told you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the whole affair
	layer_8: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_10: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_12: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair

file: 8288-274162-0051.flac
expected: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_2: but tepatrstin theportert
	layer_4: but the paters in deportrait
	layer_6: but the paters in deportrait
	layer_8: but the paters in deportrait
	layer_10: but the painters in te portrait
	layer_12: but the painters in the portrait

file: 8288-274162-0052.flac
expected: why you seem to have only that name in your mouth
	layer_2: whe you su to hime only that name un you mouth
	layer_4: whre you su to ham only that name in your mouth
	layer_6: werl you see to ham only that name in your mouth
	layer_8: whell you se to ham only that name in your mouth
	layer_10: whel you see to him only thet name in your mouth
	layer_12: whe you see to him only thet name in your mouth

file: 8288-274162-0053.flac
expected: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_2: i dod not suppos itewl concenyoum
	layer_4: i do not suppose it wi concernou
	layer_6: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_8: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_10: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_12: i do not suppose it will concern you

file: 8288-274162-0054.flac
expected: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_2: yias youur right an y made a stepeor to as if ewere going to la whar re you going
	layer_4: yes youre aright anhy made a step or two as if he were going to leak whe are you going
	layer_6: yes you 're al right and he made a step or two as if he were going to la where are you going
	layer_8: yes you'are a right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lea where are you going
	layer_10: yes you are aright and he made a step or two as if he were going to leav where are you going
	layer_12: yes you are aright and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going

file: 8288-274162-0055.flac
expected: to look for some one who will tell me the truth
	layer_2: to loop for semeon who atten ming they trup
	layer_4: to look for somone who atten meng the trup
	layer_6: to look for someone who at tend me the troop
	layer_8: to look for some one who wiul tend me the troop
	layer_10: to look for some one who will tend me the troop
	layer_12: to look for some one who will tend me the troop

file: 8288-274162-0056.flac
expected: who is that a woman
	layer_2: ho was lat t womane
	layer_4: who was tlat a woman
	layer_6: who is tlat a woman
	layer_8: who is that a woman
	layer_10: who is that a woman
	layer_12: who is that a woman

file: 8288-274162-0057.flac
expected: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_2: you wish to be con sold by some on and you will be so it ance she will ded you nothing ilif herself of course so be off
	layer_4: you wish to be consold by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ellof herself of course so be of
	layer_6: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ellof herself of course so be off
	layer_8: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tll you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_10: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_12: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off

file: 8288-274162-0058.flac
expected: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_2: you are mistacken lontser replied ru though o man i mean will telle me all the evir shoe possibly in
	layer_4: you are mistaken moncieur replied ru though omand i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly cain
	layer_6: you are mistaken monsieur replied rul tho oman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_8: you are mistaken monsieur replied raul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_10: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_12: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can

file: 8288-274162-0059.flac
expected: well i admit it
	layer_2: well i mitut
	layer_4: well i a'vdmet it
	layer_6: well i avd mit it
	layer_8: well i admit it
	layer_10: well i admit it
	layer_12: well i admit it

file: 8288-274162-0060.flac
expected: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with a poor mouse
	layer_2: and in point a fact w should i play with you as a catnoes with the poor moals
	layer_4: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnos with the poor mouse
	layer_6: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnows with the poor mouse
	layer_8: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnews with tha poor mouse
	layer_10: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat knows with a poor mouse
	layer_12: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat knows with a poor mouse

file: 8288-274162-0061.flac
expected: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_2: you testresm you do indetd
	layer_4: you dstresme you do indeed
	layer_6: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_8: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_10: you distresse me you do indeed
	layer_12: you distresse me you do indeed

file: 8288-274162-0062.flac
expected: wait if you can
	layer_2: wait a s you can
	layer_4: wait if you can
	layer_6: wait if you can
	layer_8: wait if you can
	layer_10: wait if you can
	layer_12: wait if you can

file: 8288-274162-0063.flac
expected: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_2: i could not so much  te wors
	layer_4: i coun not so much theworse
	layer_6: i cannot so much te worse
	layer_8: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_10: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_12: i cannot so much the worse

file: 8288-274162-0064.flac
expected: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_2: a said rolsnatching egaly at the pen which the captain held out to hime
	layer_4: a said rale snatching egarly at the pin which the ceptain held out tohim
	layer_6: a said rauell snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_8: ah said rauwll snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_10: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_12: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him

file: 8288-274162-0065.flac
expected: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_2: how very forthunate dat is he was looking for youto
	layer_4: how very fortunate that is dhe was looking for you to
	layer_6: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_8: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_10: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_12: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too

file: 8288-274162-0066.flac
expected: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_2: she said the samed tono voice it is not ei who em going to speak to him ol dhen
	layer_4: she said nthe samed tune of voice it is not i who im going to speak to him o then
	layer_6: she said ithe same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him o then
	layer_8: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_10: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_12: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then

file: 6455-67804-0000.flac
expected: i accompany my granddaughter to this this entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_2: iccomp ne my grangater to this busnt cament hrlitishnt resmonded
	layer_4: iaccompani my grandaughter to thisbustent tanment her ladishop resmonded
	layer_6: i accompanyd my granddaughter to thisbesen tanment her ladyshop responded
	layer_8: i accompanid my granddaughter to this bs entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_10: i accompany my granddaughter to this bysientertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_12: i accompany my granddaughter to this bys entertainment her ladyship responded

file: 6455-67804-0001.flac
expected: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind
	layer_2: it iscarcely ageoy sicasien to my mind
	layer_4: it is scarcely ejois occasion o myn mind
	layer_6: it is scarcely adjoy'e occasion to myn mind
	layer_8: it is scarcely a joys occasion to myn mind
	layer_10: it is scarcely ajoyous occasion to my mind
	layer_12: it is scarcely ajoyous occasion to my mind

file: 6455-67804-0002.flac
expected: no need to dress yourself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binnie
	layer_2: nonly the dresserstought whandt by i f it isn't a jaculat hin mister beny
	layer_4: non ey the dresster thought ane bat if it isn't a jaculated mister benny
	layer_6: no ne the dresser tought whent bat if it isn't ejaculated mister benny
	layer_8: no ne the dressers thought went bat if it isn't ejaculated mister benney
	layer_10: no need the dressers thought went bad if it isn't ejaculated mister bnny
	layer_12: no nee the dressers thought went bat if it isn't ejaculated mister benny

file: 6455-67804-0003.flac
expected: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself
	layer_2: if our sured this was hat sat man i go myself
	layer_4: if our sured this was the sa ve man i go myself
	layer_6: if iou reasure this was tho sa a man i go myself
	layer_8: if ouwr asure this was the sa o man id go myself
	layer_10: if ouwer sure this was the same man id go myself
	layer_12: if ouwer sure this was the same man i'd go myself

file: 6455-67804-0004.flac
expected: when i find a fellow who's neither knave nor fool i stick to him believe i'll send to find out
	layer_2: whenive oudti fellowf his niger nave north foul i sicxo him blieavf alt in the finda
	layer_4: when i've it to fellow his neiger naved north foull i sick to him blieve elsin the finda
	layer_6: when i' e ideta fellow his nigger naves north foull i stick to him believe elseid the finda
	layer_8: when i'v bite a fellow his nigger naves north fool i stick to him believe e'll en the find ou
	layer_10: when i bite a fellow whos nigger knames north fool i stick to him believe i'll cen the find out
	layer_12: when i bite a fellow hos nigger knames north fool i stick to him believe i'll sen te find out

file: 6455-67804-0005.flac
expected: the only time he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had copied from octavia's nice gown that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_2: the olin him him man eli commn uponer wish the first tiremes la her n thedress she a caoppith morcktapius nei scan that hedrd edout didn't ietb a here alwagere
	layer_4: the only home ham an ey commang upon her was the first time mieuslaw her in the dresse she accompi mockd avious ni scan that hen thirded out didn't git a here all wager
	layer_6: the only hime him in edlin commen upon her was the first time ousaw her in the dress she aecompied mocktavias ni scownd that he tlarded out didn't get ta here ill wager
	layer_8: the only time ead men edin commen upon her was the first time hu saw her in the dress she accompied moctavias nie scawnd that he dlurted out didn't get t here a'll wager
	layer_10: the only hime he had ben eding comment upon her was the first time yo saw her in the dress she accomplished moctavias nice scaned that he blurted out didn't get it here a'll wager
	layer_12: the only hime he had men eddin comment upon her was the first time you saw her in the dress she accomplished moctavias nice scannd that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager

file: 6455-67804-0006.flac
expected: doesn't look like it he said gruffly
	layer_2: thes an look lakeget isad graflly
	layer_4: this'looked li e git esad grapfuly
	layer_6: thesn't look like it he said grafly
	layer_8: doesn't look like it he said grafully
	layer_10: doesn't look like it he said grafully
	layer_12: doesn't look like it he said graffully

file: 6455-67804-0007.flac
expected: no she answered i am not afraid at all
	layer_2: no she inswerd i mota friditle
	layer_4: no she enswered i m mat afrididal
	layer_6: no she enswered im mara fretadale
	layer_8: no she answered iam moa frededal
	layer_10: no she answered i am moa fritatall
	layer_12: no she answered i am mora fretatall

file: 6455-67804-0008.flac
expected: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_2: i shall not be afraid agai
	layer_4: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_6: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_8: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_10: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_12: i shall not be afraid again

file: 6455-67804-0009.flac
expected: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanor
	layer_2: and fat she ap perfectly on founded her lady should by her domeaner
	layer_4: and fact she adperfectly confounded her lady should by her de meanor
	layer_6: in facts she adperfectly confounded her ladyshould by her demeanour
	layer_8: in facts she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_10: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_12: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour

file: 6455-67804-0010.flac
expected: i beg you will not speak to me of that again she said i will not listen
	layer_2: i bet yow not spe to me oe tareye an she sid i wll out lisn
	layer_4: i beak you'l not speak to me of taridea and she saind i will out listen
	layer_6: i beg you'll not speak to me of tharidyear and she saind i will nout listen
	layer_8: i beg you wll not speak to me of that idear and she said i will not listen
	layer_10: i beg you will not speak to me of that idear and she said i will not listen
	layer_12: i beg you will not speak to me of that idear and she said i will not listen

file: 6455-67804-0011.flac
expected: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_2: an turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_4: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_6: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_8: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_10: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_12: and turning about she walked out of the room

file: 6455-67804-0012.flac
expected: and nothing more had been said on the subject since
	layer_2: and nothinme re habodsed unsubj ecscents
	layer_4: and nothing more havitdid onsebject sense
	layer_6: and nothing more hav i id on the subject sense
	layer_8: and nothing more had itdid on h subject since
	layer_10: and nothing more have it ted on the subject since
	layer_12: and nothing more have it ted on the subject since

file: 6455-67804-0013.flac
expected: before breakfast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which ran as follows
	layer_2: before brakmith misbulin de was stertl by the r ival of another tellega which waind thas vollows
	layer_4: before backmith miss blendo was stertle by the rival of another telegar which raind tas vollows
	layer_6: before backmith miss blinda was sturtled by the arrival of another telega which rend as vollows
	layer_8: before backmith miss blinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which rened as follows
	layer_10: before breakwast miss blinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which rand as follows
	layer_12: before breakwast miss blinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which rand as follows

file: 6455-67804-0014.flac
expected: arrived to day per russia be with you tomorrow evening
	layer_2: ar riuve to tey perressio bea it eta milw evening
	layer_4: arve to ndey peressia beuth et a milwe evening
	layer_6: arrived to day peressia beueth eadt a mile evening
	layer_8: arrived today parussia beaueth eat ta mile evening
	layer_10: arrived today pe russia beauthy at a mile evening
	layer_12: arrived today perussia beauthy at a mile evening

file: 6455-67804-0015.flac
expected: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_2: friend with me martainvasot
	layer_4: friend with me martin baset
	layer_6: frend with me martin bassit
	layer_8: frend with me martin basset
	layer_10: friend with me martin basset
	layer_12: friend with me martin basset

file: 6455-67804-0016.flac
expected: well remarked octavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_2: well t wre marxral thavia i suppose thaut wud havbeen avanage
	layer_4: well it remorxrtivia i supposed that would have beein the vantage
	layer_6: well it remok tavia i suppose that would have beenin the vantage
	layer_8: well it remanked atavia i suppose that would have bee n the vantage
	layer_10: well it remarkes atavia i suppose that would have been in the vantage
	layer_12: well it remarked atavia i suppose that would have been in the vantage

file: 6455-67804-0017.flac
expected: octavia was a marked figure upon the grounds at that garden party another dress my dear remarked missus burnham
	layer_2: actavia was a marke ficurpon ther growd ef tlake gardenpirty ndoither jss my dear remarke mister brnom
	layer_4: octavia was a marged figure upon the grouh tof lhet gardin party another jess my dea remarkmister brnim
	layer_6: octavia was a markaed figureupon the groudh of that garden party another dess my dear remarked mister brinham
	layer_8: octavia was a marked figure upon the groud of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister brinham
	layer_10: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister brignham
	layer_12: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister brigham

file: 6455-67804-0018.flac
expected: and what a charming color she has i declare she is usually paler
	layer_2: ndwhutd a charming colour she hasid a clear sus yusually pillor
	layer_4: and whatd a charming color she hasit aclear sese usually paler
	layer_6: and what a charming color she has't a clear see's usually paler
	layer_8: and what a charming colour she hasn't clear sees usually paler
	layer_10: and what a charming color she hasn't it clear sees usually paler
	layer_12: and what a charming color f she hasn't it clear sees usually paler

file: 6455-67804-0019.flac
expected: perhaps we owe this to lord lansdowne
	layer_2: peraps bhe othes lorndlandone
	layer_4: peapse the others lorn landon
	layer_6: perhaps the others to lornd landone
	layer_8: perhaps the others to lorn landone
	layer_10: perhaps the others to lornlanone
	layer_12: perhaps the others to lornlansone

file: 6455-67804-0020.flac
expected: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself
	layer_2: his prediaredn adbered hie in its an jiynnerself
	layer_4: shis prediearaaboert eda in is enjoing herself
	layer_6: she's prettier adbert eday in its enjoying herself
	layer_8: she's prettier adver to day and its enjoying herself
	layer_10: she's prettieradver to day and its enjoying herself
	layer_12: she's prettier aver to day and its enjoying herself

file: 6455-67804-0021.flac
expected: she was enjoying herself mister francis barold observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_2: she wisnt joing herself misster pran e bril observ that rather gloumaly atye sot a part
	layer_4: she wasen joying herself mister prandes biril observed that rather gloomily as hi sot apart
	layer_6: she was enjoying herself mister prancas bill observed that rather gloomily as he soud apart
	layer_8: she was enjoying herself mister prances burle observed hit rather gloomily as he stod apart
	layer_10: she was enjoying herself mister prancas burle observed it rather gloomily as he stod apart
	layer_12: she was enjoying herself mister prencas burle observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart

file: 6455-67804-0022.flac
expected: and then had come lord lansdowne who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_2: and then ha come lordlyenjeod who andcrossinalon the shate hant wed this host havebien observedo keep his itixd upoarn one paraticular point ber mistowend he saiy after havings mook n isfirst words who is that tall girol and whit
	layer_4: and then had come lordlyan jee who and crossindalon to shake andt lwith this hoast have been observed to keep his y tixet uponn one particular point bermistone he said after having smook in his first words who is that tall girl an wite
	layer_6: and then had come lordlanjerd who and crossdingalon to shake hand with this host have been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermus tone he said after having smoke in his first words who is that tall girl an white
	layer_8: and then had come lord landed who an crossind along to shake hand with this host hade been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmastone he said after having spoke in his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_10: and then had come lord lanjard who and crossing alowng to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_12: and then had come lord landard who and crossing along to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmastone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white

file: 6455-67804-0023.flac
expected: and in ten minutes lady theobald missus burnham mister barold and divers others too numerous to mention saw him standing at octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_2: in intenminutes lady the oabled mister burno mister baroldthan thevers others tu numrousimengion sometis inthy octaviousit ofi tant nly with kno intenteno laving it
	layer_4: in intinminutes ladi theobled mister burna mister barld han thevers others too numerous simension someis anly octaviou ide ofidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_6: in in timinutes lady theold mister burna mister bareldon the vers others too numerous cimension saw misanley octavias side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_8: an in ten minutes lady theopold mister berna mister bareldan devers others too numerous tomension saw misie octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_10: and in ten minutes lady theopold mister burna mister barold and divers others too numerous to mension saw miss imle octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_12: and in ten minutes lady theopold mister burna mister barold and divers others too numerous to mension saw miss imle octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it

file: 6455-67804-0024.flac
expected: not long after this francis barold found his way to miss belinda who was very busy and rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_2: not long afhte this fran o spirl faun as waideh mis bulindo whe was very bushe innabhather nervis in thecis evinet ly an joyngnerself he remark
	layer_4: not long after this francospiril found as waito miss bulindo he was very busy in rbather neirvous u neses evientlyenjoying herself he remarked
	layer_6: not long after this franispiril found is way to miss bolinda he was very busy i  ather nervous your nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_8: not long after this francise beril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy an rather nervous your niece's evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_10: not long after this francis beril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy in rather nervous your nieces evidently enjoying yourself he remarked
	layer_12: not long after this francis beril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy in rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying yourself he remarked

file: 6455-67804-0025.flac
expected: octavia is most happy to day answered miss belinda
	layer_2: o cealia is most happy to thay and terd missi blnder
	layer_4: oucceliar is most happy to they entered missa blinda
	layer_6: aucaia is most happy to day entwered miss blinda
	layer_8: aucavia is most happy to day answered missu blinda
	layer_10: ocavia is most happy to day answered miss blinda
	layer_12: ocavia is most happy to day answered miss blinda

file: 6455-67804-0026.flac
expected: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself
	layer_2: very if you po ple understein ouctaviusanmis belinder i'd not shuledo i follow oll her mets myself
	layer_4: very if youpeople understan ouctaviasumd missute bulinda i'm not shod i follow all her meots myself
	layer_6: very i f yew people understan actavia said miss blinda i'm not sow tht i follow all her mouts myself
	layer_8: very few people understand ctavia said missus belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her mouts myself
	layer_10: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her muts myself
	layer_12: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her muts myself

file: 6455-67804-0027.flac
expected: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_2: she is nots friviles as she appearece to vose dok now her ba
	layer_4: she is not as frivilus as she appiearcs to thosy jdoce know her well
	layer_6: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those he jocte know her well
	layer_8: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those ho doke know her well
	layer_10: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those wo don'ke know her well
	layer_12: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those ho donk know her well

file: 6455-67804-0028.flac
expected: barold stood gnawing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_2: berld sig knong as must ash on may no reply he was not very come table
	layer_4: bareld sigkgnong as must ash an made no reply he was not very comeortable
	layer_6: bareld siggnong as must ash amd made no reply he was not very comfrtable
	layer_8: bareld sagnangd his mustacheand made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_10: bareld sangnawngd his moustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_12: bareld saiggnawingd his moustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable

file: 6455-67804-0029.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by fate and rather wished he had returned to london from broadoaks instead of loitering in slowbridge
	layer_2: if o haim sup ill us by tfhink and mather bush teao rechured ta end ofrom botogk and sid i a voidering an slobrige
	layer_4: ifilhim sup ill used by fank and mather bush ear recurrned to lendn from botocs thand sad im al voidering and sloberage
	layer_6: e fill him self ill used by fankt and mather bushes he ad returned to lendn from bottoks ind sead i bvoidering in sloberidge
	layer_8: he feel himself ill used by faint and mather bushed he had returned to lendon from bottoks instead of voidering in slowbridge
	layer_10: he fet himself ill used by faint and mather bushed he had returned to london from bottoxs instead of voitering in slowbridge
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by faint and mather bushed he had returned to lendon from bottoks instead of voitering in slowbridge

file: 6455-67804-0030.flac
expected: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_2: he t ameason thelf ata first but intime hav ben surpise o fineets amusment loe something of it deesst
	layer_4: het ameasome selfat a first but intime have ben surprius o fin is amusement loos something of itdsesd
	layer_6: head amas hmself at first but in time he had been surprisd to find its amusement lose something of its dzest
	layer_8: he had amuse himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find hits amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_10: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_12: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest

file: 6455-67804-0031.flac
expected: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_2: it's ducily bratd form on his part i thet mentally what thoe thy mang by it
	layer_4: it's ducily bad form on his part ita mentally what dos ye man by it
	layer_6: it's ducidly bradform on his part eimentally what does yeu mean by it
	layer_8: it's deucily bad form on his part hesidmentally what does he mean by it
	layer_10: it's deucedly bad form on his part esaid mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_12: it's deucedly bad form on his part hesaid mentally what does he mean by it

file: 6455-67804-0032.flac
expected: octavia on the contrary did not ask what he meant by it
	layer_2: actavpiar on the contr din no ask meny mentby it
	layer_4: octavia on the contrary tdod not askd beny meamt by it
	layer_6: octavia on the contrary did not ask many meant by it
	layer_8: octavia on the contrary did not ask many meant by it
	layer_10: octavia on the contrary did not ask many meant by it
	layer_12: octavia on the contrary did not ask meny meant by it

file: 6455-67804-0033.flac
expected: where he ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_2: where yu jacoleatd i say what hin nan
	layer_4: wherare jaclated i say what a name
	layer_6: where houejaculated i say what a name
	layer_8: where yoe ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_10: whe are you ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_12: whe are you ejaculated i say what a name

file: 6455-67804-0034.flac
expected: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_2: i ad no  bserve the answer her lady shop
	layer_4: i had not observed et answerd her ladyship
	layer_6: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_8: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_10: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_12: i had not observed it answered her ladyship

file: 6455-67804-0035.flac
expected: but she glared at barold as he passed and beckoned to him where is lucia she demanded
	layer_2: but she glared it birol tu sy passed and beckon to him lt as lusulushn aminted
	layer_4: ut she clared a barl es tee passed tand beckon to him whlt as lusolshing imanded
	layer_6: ut she glared it burrldef a pastd han beckond to him what is lusiosian itmanded
	layer_8: but she glared aut barrel efy past and beckoned to him what is lucashan dedmanded
	layer_10: bshe glared at barrel defsea past and beckoned to him what is lujeotshe demanded
	layer_12: bushe glared at barel defsa past and beckoned to him what is luzeyoshe demanded

file: 6455-67804-0036.flac
expected: i saw her with burmistone half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early she turned quite pale
	layer_2: mi s ol her wath burmisan half n arw go he anshered colling have ye any metage frmy mother is shal rttirngal an intomar leaving hear early turn qlit pale
	layer_4: my sll her with burmise on half narrowgo he answered coling have you any mestage for my mother i shal returnle ind into mar leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_6: my se her with bermiston half anorrow go he answered coling have you any message for my mother i shall return alen into morrw leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_8: i sell her with burmirston half an hour ago he answered coally have you any message for my mother i shall return to lond in to morrow leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_10: i sell her with burmerston half an hour ago he answered colly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early turn quite pale
	layer_12: i sell her with burmeston half an hour ago he answered colly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early turn quite pale

file: 6455-67804-0037.flac
expected: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_2: what his happidd she asked rigadly hil lookslightlys ar prisd nothing what a ere he replied
	layer_4: what is happied she asked rigidly hel lookd slightly suprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_6: what his happend she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_8: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_10: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_12: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied

file: 6455-67804-0038.flac
expected: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_2: aver maind heor longer itf n ientended
	layer_4: ivermained her longer ith an i intended
	layer_6: i'hve remained her longer i than iintended
	layer_8: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_10: i h've remained here longer than i intended
	layer_12: i h've remained here longer than i intended

file: 6455-67804-0039.flac
expected: she began to move the manacles on her right wrist
	layer_2: she began an moveh emancl hen o right wist
	layer_4: she began an moved mancles an o right wist
	layer_6: she begain on moved h mancles an her right wist
	layer_8: she began to move mancles in her right wist
	layer_10: she began to move the manckles in her right wist
	layer_12: she began to move the mancles in her right wist

file: 6455-67804-0040.flac
expected: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_2: she had not brolisha up undter her own i fornlothing
	layer_4: she had not broulisia up under her own eye for lothing
	layer_6: she had not broalycsia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_8: she had not broatlicia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_10: she had not brout licia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_12: she had not brougt lucia up under her own eye for nothing

file: 6455-67803-0000.flac
expected: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_2: chapeters wen e three may i go
	layer_4: chapters wene three may i go
	layer_6: chapters wenty three may i go
	layer_8: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_10: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_12: chapter twenty three may i go

file: 6455-67803-0001.flac
expected: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_2: the very day after this orctavioa opened he fortrung
	layer_4: the very day after this alctavia opened o forttrunk
	layer_6: the very day after this octavia opened a forttrunk
	layer_8: the very day after this octavia opened a fort trunk
	layer_10: the very day after this octavia opened a fork trunk
	layer_12: the very day after this octavia opened a fork trunk

file: 6455-67803-0002.flac
expected: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugald binnie is at oldclough who is he
	layer_2: anv ti dently something at happened oc tave yous e said mister digold beny as at old clow who wis he
	layer_4: avidently something hat happened i'lctav yahedshe said mister digcle benne is ot old clow who is he
	layer_6: evidently something hat happened octavyias she said mister dyggled bnny is that old clou who is he
	layer_8: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister diggle bnny is that old clow who is he
	layer_10: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister duggle binny is that old clow who is he
	layer_12: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister duggle binny is that old clow who is he

file: 6455-67803-0003.flac
expected: he is my grand uncle explained lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_2: he ias my gran ouncle exlaimd busiar chame muloussly her hads a grat deal of money
	layer_4: he is mygran uncle exclained busia chimulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_6: he is my gran uncle exclaimed busia cemulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_8: he is my grand uncle exclaimed bucha tremulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_10: he is my grand uncle exclaimed busha tremulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_12: he is my grand uncle exclaimed busha tremulously here has a great deal of money

file: 6455-67803-0004.flac
expected: i do not quite understand grandmamma octavia she said
	layer_2: a did nt cqui understake rit mamo teia she said
	layer_4: i dod not quyte understake rit mamo tevia she said
	layer_6: i do not quite understake re mama tivia she said
	layer_8: i do not quite understake wrind mammak tavia she said
	layer_10: i do not quite understake whatmamm aatavia she said
	layer_12: i do not quite understake whatmamm atavia she said

file: 6455-67803-0005.flac
expected: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_2: last nish cin to myred the talke to me and thas mordish kaml agin en oh
	layer_4: last nigshe cam to my runm the talk to me and this mortish came aginan oh
	layer_6: last nich came to my remr the talk to me and this molish came again an oh
	layer_8: last nighth came to my room tt talk to me and this mornish came aain and oh
	layer_10: last nights came to my room to talk to me and this mornish came again and oh
	layer_12: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this mornish came again and oh

file: 6455-67803-0006.flac
expected: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_2: she broge eur idignatly how ould hes pict to me in such a manner
	layer_4: she broughe our indignately how coulde shespik to me in such a manner
	layer_6: she brouke out indignantly how could she spik to me in such a manner
	layer_8: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_10: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_12: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner

file: 6455-67803-0007.flac
expected: what did you understand
	layer_2: what the yu wundher sand
	layer_4: what dhe yuwindersaid
	layer_6: what did you under sad
	layer_8: what did you understand
	layer_10: what did you understand
	layer_12: what did you understand

file: 6455-67803-0008.flac
expected: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister binnie may leave me his money
	layer_2: i am to r n after amyr he des nout tare fro me and make my selt a traped ivin the op tat he hal can te cen to marriyy cause mister bany ma lt eave me his money
	layer_4: i am to run after ramayr ho does not tare for me and make myself a trapped iv in the hope hat he will condecen to marry my because mister benny may lleav me has money
	layer_6: i am to run after amare ho does not teare for me and make myself attraptiv in the hope tat he will condescen to marry me because mister benny may leve me his money
	layer_8: i am to run after a man who does not cear for me and make myself attraptive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_10: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_12: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money

file: 6455-67803-0009.flac
expected: do you wonder that it took even lady theobald a long time to say that
	layer_2: do you won there tot it took eve mady thelfa along time tho say that
	layer_4: do you wondhere that it took even midty theobou a long time to say that
	layer_6: do you wonder that it took even mytdi the about a long time to say that
	layer_8: do you wonder that it took even middite about a long time to say that
	layer_10: do you wonder that it took even middie thi about a long time to say that
	layer_12: do you wonder that it took even middie thi about a long time to say that

file: 6455-67803-0010.flac
expected: well remarked octavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_2: lel ra marnkdan't tave yua ou voln't do it i suppose i would it wory
	layer_4: lell remandant taveyo you won't do it i suppose i would n't worry
	layer_6: well remanedon tavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_8: well remarked aunt tevia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_10: well remarked aunct tavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_12: well remarked aunct tavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry

file: 6455-67803-0011.flac
expected: oh i always knew it i didn't guess
	layer_2: oll i always do i't i didan gues
	layer_4: oll i always doim i didnan't gues
	layer_6: all i always doi i didn't guess
	layer_8: all i always do i i didn't guess
	layer_10: all i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_12: all i always do im i didn't guess

file: 6455-67803-0012.flac
expected: and she smiled ever so faintly
	layer_2: thet hisoud every sad tately
	layer_4: it ches smolde ever y sa dately
	layer_6: is shest meled every sai dately
	layer_8: it shes smele every said dately
	layer_10: it shes smilled ever he said dately
	layer_12: it shes smilled ever he said dately

file: 6455-67803-0013.flac
expected: that is one of the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_2: that is n  m the resonfwy she lobes me so she adde
	layer_4: that is om the reasons why she loades me so she added
	layer_6: that is lom the reasons why she loads me so she added
	layer_8: that is wem the reasons why she loads me so she added
	layer_10: that is em the reasons why she loads me so she added
	layer_12: that is wem the reasons why she loads me so she added

file: 6455-67803-0014.flac
expected: lucia thought deeply for a moment she recognized all at once several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_2: be shout thot deepe le forberm it she recogniced all hat wides several things he had me mistified byabefore
	layer_4: le shod thout deeply forboment she recognized all at wits several thing she had men mistified by before
	layer_6: leshor thought deeply fourboment she recognized all at witis several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_8: lisha thought deeply forboment she recognized all outlihes several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_10: bicha thought deeply forberment she recognized all outlitness several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_12: bichat thought deeply forberment she recognized all outwines several things she had been mystified by before

file: 6455-67803-0015.flac
expected: octavia smiled a little again
	layer_2: actevious mn witdraw agaent
	layer_4: octavious mnd witdrll againt
	layer_6: octavias mauand wierll again
	layer_8: orctavia smouind widrll again
	layer_10: octavia smounind wadroll again
	layer_12: octaviar smountied wadroll again

file: 6455-67803-0016.flac
expected: lucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_2: msio sat thinking fher hands claspd titly
	layer_4: musia sat thinking her hands claspetitly
	layer_6: mustia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_8: mucthya sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_10: musya sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_12: musya sat thinking her hands clasped tightly

file: 6455-67803-0017.flac
expected: i am glad i came here she said at length
	layer_2: i am gltd i came yeurs said at lig
	layer_4: i am glad i came yere said at led
	layer_6: i am glad i came here said at lan
	layer_8: i 'm glad i came here said at lede
	layer_10: i'm glad i came here said at leane
	layer_12: i'm glad i came here said at leine

file: 6455-67803-0018.flac
expected: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: i think i shol never be afrid of ver any more
	layer_4: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_6: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_8: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0019.flac
expected: her delicate nostrils were dilated she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_2: her delicat nost raltertdlat id is he hel her head up her brath came fast there was a int o egrfultition in oto
	layer_4: her delicate nostrol er alated ind she held her head up her breath came vast thewas a hint of egful tation ind oton
	layer_6: her delicate nostrals wirdilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egultation in hotone
	layer_8: her delicate nostrils wer dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egultation in her tone
	layer_10: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_12: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone

file: 6455-67803-0020.flac
expected: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_2: she whated very tas afer she levet the house
	layer_4: she walted very thust aftfeor she left the house
	layer_6: she walked very fust after she left the house
	layer_8: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_10: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_12: she walked very fast after she left the house

file: 6455-67803-0021.flac
expected: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_2: but it was nota gains thim that lus as indhignation wash aroutsdt
	layer_4: but it was not against  him that leuci as indignation with aroudst
	layer_6: but it was not against him that luce as indignation was aroudsed
	layer_8: but it was not against him that lushe's indignation was roused
	layer_10: but it was not against him that lushea's indignation was aroused
	layer_12: but it was not against him that lucshea's indignation was aroused

file: 6455-67803-0022.flac
expected: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_2: she wondere that tyhat heard her lastworts e fancy th had
	layer_4: she wonderd that he hat heard her last words pue fancid o hadt
	layer_6: she wondered thaf he had heard her last words pufancity had
	layer_8: she wondered if he had heard her last words u fancity had
	layer_10: she wondered if he had heard her last words peur fancithe had
	layer_12: she wondered if he had heard her last words pu fanci e had

file: 6455-67803-0023.flac
expected: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_2: he tok holdever shakeing little harnd and lookedhown at her extided face
	layer_4: he took hol ever shaking little harnd and looked own an her extited face
	layer_6: he took hole ofver shaking little hand and looked down on her extited face
	layer_8: he took hold ofver shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_10: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_12: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face

file: 6455-67803-0024.flac
expected: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_2: i  engery she said gave never so me angryu efore
	layer_4: i am engry she said yave never son me angry before
	layer_6: i am ingry she said yuhave never se me angry before
	layer_8: i am angry she said you have never sen me angry before
	layer_10: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_12: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before

file: 6455-67803-0025.flac
expected: i am on my way to my to lady theobald
	layer_2: iamd on my way to my to ledy theabled
	layer_4: aanm on my way to my to ledy theabled
	layer_6: i am on my way to my to ledty theoabled
	layer_8: i am on my way to my to lety theobld
	layer_10: i am on my way to my to leddy theobald
	layer_12: i am on my way to my to leddy theobald

file: 6455-67803-0026.flac
expected: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_2: he held er had as camly as before
	layer_4: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_6: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_8: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_10: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_12: he held her hand as calmly as before

file: 6455-67803-0027.flac
expected: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_2: what  e woun ti sad o her he asked she lauged again
	layer_4: what o you wointi sa to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_6: what you wulnt it say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_8: what ae you gwen to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_10: what are you ging to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_12: what are you ging to say to her he asked she laughed again

file: 6455-67803-0028.flac
expected: he held her hand rather closer
	layer_2: heldher hand rather cloiser
	layer_4: held her hand rather cliserd
	layer_6: held her hand rather clisered
	layer_8: held her hand rather clisered
	layer_10: held her hand rather clisered
	layer_12: held her hand rather clicsered

file: 6455-67803-0029.flac
expected: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_2: she has mae you bery angry said
	layer_4: she has may you bery angry hsaid
	layer_6: she has made you bery angry said
	layer_8: she has made you very angry hesaid
	layer_10: she has made you very angry ie said
	layer_12: she has made you very angry e said

file: 6455-67803-0030.flac
expected: and then almost before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_2: and then i mus he fortsh knew whats she wis doing she was poring forth the whol of erstoy eve more of it than shehadtoll o tavia
	layer_4: and then i must before she knew what she was doing she was pouing forth the whole over story even more of it than she had toll artavia
	layer_6: and then i must efford she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had holld octavia
	layer_8: and then i must afore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_10: and then omust offore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_12: and then omust offore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia

file: 6455-67803-0031.flac
expected: lucia he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobald you she said with a little start
	layer_2: beshall he said i wishedto we leht me go and tark wbit lady the abld u sdas et with little start
	layer_4: leushall he said i wish to win let me go and talk bith lady theabold you sehas at lith little strarg
	layer_6: weshall he said i wish to wend let me go and talk with lady theobold ushas hamt with little strart
	layer_8: we shall he said i wish t wand let me go and talk with lady theobold ouo en with little start
	layer_10: rushall he said i wish you wand let me go and talk with lady theopbold use to sad with little start
	layer_12: rushall he said i wish you wan let me go and talk with lady theobold ue to said with little start

file: 6455-67803-0032.flac
expected: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_2: d gess s he antwered et me go to her
	layer_4: jes he entered let me go to her
	layer_6: jes he answered let me go to her
	layer_8: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_10: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_12: yes he answered let me go to her

file: 6455-67803-0033.flac
expected: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you need never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: if you will sa yes to that i hen i cinpommes but youmean never be a frat of herady moe
	layer_4: if you will say yes to that i hing ican pomise but you mea never be afad of hearadyn more
	layer_6: if you will say yes to that i think i can pomise but you mea never be afraid of her any more
	layer_8: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise but you mean never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise but you meadn never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise but you meed never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0034.flac
expected: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_2: the thers colored tit ativer cheeks in the tears rushe to her eyes
	layer_4: the fierst colored thyed ot ever cheeks in the tears rush to her eyes
	layer_6: the fierce coloure di'td out ever cheeks an the tears rushe to her eyes
	layer_8: the fierce colour dyed out ever cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_10: the fierce colour dyed out ever cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_12: the fierce colour died out evher cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes

file: 6455-67803-0035.flac
expected: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_2: shpraedhr taes wit the be tatic wok
	layer_4: shraied her bise with a patedic wlok
	layer_6: sherazed her baes with a pathetic lock
	layer_8: she raised her face with a pathetic lock
	layer_10: she raised her face with a pathetic lock
	layer_12: she raised her face with a pathetic lock

file: 6455-67803-0036.flac
expected: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his quietest way
	layer_2: i'm desperately love with youg he entfered in thes quirous way
	layer_4: iam desperately  love whith youh he antwered in this quirous way
	layer_6: i am desperately love with you he antered in this qoirus way
	layer_8: i am desperately love with you he answered in this qoiroeus way
	layer_10: i am desperately in love with you he ansered in his quirest way
	layer_12: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his quires way

file: 6455-66379-0000.flac
expected: hallo colonel how d'ye sell your wood this time
	layer_2: alo conl how d ou e your woold dhis time
	layer_4: allo colone how d yoas al you wood this time
	layer_6: allo colonel how dye sal you wood this time
	layer_8: allo colonel how dy saw you would this time
	layer_10: alo colonel how doyou saw your wood this time
	layer_12: alo colonel how doyou saw your wood this time

file: 6455-66379-0001.flac
expected: why capting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the d l
	layer_2: whye ating we must jhor you threeane corder thistime the dholt
	layer_4: why e athing we mustchartyou threen a corder this time the dolt
	layer_6: why get thing we must sharge you threen a coarter this time the dult
	layer_8: why getting we must charge you three ana quarter this time the dope
	layer_10: why gatting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the dolte
	layer_12: why gatting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the dolte

file: 6455-66379-0002.flac
expected: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_2: supper was over an i retirt to met upper birth thic tat ad long scide an over looking the brack sable where the capiom t deeply engage havingnow the other pala as iaf princibl apponit
	layer_4: supper was over and i retire tomet upper birth tictuated long side and overlooking the braktable where the captain with deeply engage having now the other pitlut as if principle opponet
	layer_6: supper was over and i retired to met upper birth suchuated long side and overlooking the brack table where the capain with deeply engaged having now the other pile as if principle opponent
	layer_8: supper was over and i retired to met upper berth situated longside and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilote as is principal opponent
	layer_10: supper was over and i retired to mat upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_12: supper was over and i retired to mot upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as is principal opponent

file: 6455-66379-0003.flac
expected: head her in shore then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_2: heder anory then andtakeeen six cred the oid s goodt fedo at tomptin i can ver wodieve the gave now is catting wrgt wrm
	layer_4: hadter enjore then ad taken im six card the oilds good se to it tomsin a cant verwol leave the game now is cetting right warm
	layer_6: had ter insored then ad taken im six cordof it's good se to it tompsond a cant verwel leave the game now is getting right warm
	layer_8: had er insure then and takedt in six qords of it's good see to it thompson a can't verwell leave the game now is getting right warm
	layer_10: had ter ensure thin and take n in six quards of it's good see to it thomson i can't verywell leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_12: hadter insure thin and take in six quards of it's good see to it thompsond i can't verywell leave the game now it's getting right warm

file: 6455-66379-0004.flac
expected: this pilot's beating us all to smash the wooding completed we paddled on again
	layer_2: this poleds benies all the s mashe the woudhe complietedt we patdled on agaet
	layer_4: this piblets beinecs all thi s mashe the woodiy completed  we patdled on aget
	layer_6: this pilat's beatinus all thismash the widheg completed we paddled on a get
	layer_8: this pilot's beating us all the smashed the wooddie completed we paddled on a gat
	layer_10: this pilot's beatng us all the smashe the wooddig completed we paddled on a git
	layer_12: this pilot's beating us all the smashed the woodding completed we paddled on a gi

file: 6455-66379-0005.flac
expected: they were anxious to learn the game and they did learn it
	layer_2: ther inxiestoe fornd he game and they dilleard it
	layer_4: thei r inciouststio lernd the game and they delerd it
	layer_6: the were inxioes to learned the game and they deleare it
	layer_8: they were ianxious to learn the game and they delearted
	layer_10: they were anxious to learn the game and they delert it
	layer_12: they were anxious to learn the game and they delertit

file: 6455-66379-0006.flac
expected: still with all these disadvantages they continued playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_2: still whith all these is antages they cntenuw pling tere on it to learne begain
	layer_4: still with all these as afmanages they contine plaing theyry want it to learnd begain
	layer_6: still with all these as avanages they continue plaing theyr want ed to learn thegan
	layer_8: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they're wanted to learn the gam
	layer_10: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they'e wanted to learn the gan
	layer_12: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they'r wanted to learn the gain

file: 6455-66379-0007.flac
expected: oh pretty glibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are obliged to keep the middle of the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_2: ouh prtic lilys ser replie he mate wec anscarucely tell wa heab we ar making for we robly to eep then it old ty biver and there is a shedoove of fograsiyng
	layer_4: out parene liblye sir replied the maine we can scarcely tell haheadbo re ar making for we areoblyd to heap the it olldtheriver and there is ae shadoofe a fog rizing
	layer_6: wel pretty liblis sir replied the mait we can scarcely tell what head ay we are making for we are ablage to heap them it oll the river and there is a shadow of a fog rising
	layer_8: ell pretty glibblys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heaw we are making for we are o bliged to heap them it olld the river and there is te shadow of a fog rising
	layer_10: oll pretty glibbleys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what head wey we are making for we are obliged to heap i mi oll the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_12: olh pretty glibbleys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heavd wey we are making for we are obliged to heap in mit oll the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising

file: 6455-66379-0008.flac
expected: this wood seems rather better than that we took in at yellow face's but we're nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_2: this wits hims ra for bethter and that we took an a geloifaces but werdningaly outagaen ad must be looking out from mor
	layer_4: this witsoms ravd for bether ban that we took an agillowfaces but were ningately out agan and must be looking out for more
	layer_6: this witseems rad for better bhan that we took an a gillow faces but were ngarly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_8: this witseems rob for better than that we took in a yellow faces but wer nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_10: this wit seems rod for better than that we took in ou yellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_12: this wit seems rod forbetter than that we took in our yellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more

file: 6455-66379-0009.flac
expected: i saw a light just ahead on the right shall we hail
	layer_2: i's awl ligd juste howuon the bragt shall wehal
	layer_4: i s all lit just thow on the bright shall be hale
	layer_6: i saw lit just t haw on the bright shall we hal
	layer_8: i saw light just to hay on the right shall we hail
	layer_10: i saw a light just to hay on the bright shall we hal
	layer_12: i saw a light just to hay on the bright shall we hal

file: 6455-66379-0010.flac
expected: yes yes replied the captain ring the bell and ask em what's the price of wood up here
	layer_2: jyesiast erepy the capt aen rin the belan ahtfolicts the pict a wood apear
	layer_4: jyesieast replyed the capand rend the bell enahlmet's the pice of woud appear
	layer_6: jes yestreplied the capan raned the bellon aplmits the price of wood uppear
	layer_8: yes yese replied the captain rind the bell in ahil et's the price of wood appeear
	layer_10: yes yes replied the capain in the bell in aphelmats the price of wood appeer
	layer_12: yes yes replied the captain grin the bell an aphelmats the price o wood appeer

file: 6455-66379-0011.flac
expected: i've got you again here's double kings
	layer_2: i fwut youly hanears euble kings
	layer_4: i fwougt youlia nyears double kins
	layer_6: i fhougt youla nearehs doublekings
	layer_8: i fhought youli ad nears doublekin's
	layer_10: i fhought youliad near as doublekin's
	layer_12: i fought youlia near as doublekin's

file: 6455-66379-0012.flac
expected: deal sir if you please better luck next time
	layer_2: delser ifho please ben e lok lex time
	layer_4: deale ser i you pleas ben r look lecx time
	layer_6: deal sir if you please be er lock lex time
	layer_8: deal sir if you please benner luck lex time
	layer_10: deal sir if you please better lucklex time
	layer_12: deal sir if you please better lucklex time

file: 6455-66379-0013.flac
expected: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_2: the other pats vois of ha gain her o deck how myt c have you
	layer_4: the other poetes vmoice ofh t again her non deck how mutch have you
	layer_6: the other piet's voice with again hernodeck how much have you
	layer_8: the other polot's voice was again herd o deck how much have you
	layer_10: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_12: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you

file: 6455-66379-0014.flac
expected: only about ten cords sir was the reply of the youthful salesman
	layer_2: ly about tencordsir was replied the youthifulsailfman
	layer_4: only about ten cortsir was repli of the youthful sailsmen
	layer_6: only about ton court sir was reply edf the youthful salsmen
	layer_8: only about ten cuart sir was repli of the youthful salsman
	layer_10: only about ten quarts sir was a replied the youthful salsman
	layer_12: only about ten quarts sir was a replied the youthful salesman

file: 6455-66379-0015.flac
expected: the captain here told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_2: they capp in hearital tomsend takes sixcords which wr last o tai light in again terndtoe the tentien to the game
	layer_4: they clapen herital tompsen totakues sixcords which wil last ta leylight in again turnto tattention to the game
	layer_6: they cappened herit al thompson to takes six cords which would last il daylight and again turnd o st attention to the game
	layer_8: they happened here at told thompson to take six cords which would last til daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_10: they happened here at told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turn his attention to the game
	layer_12: theyv happened here at old thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turn his attention to the game

file: 6455-66379-0016.flac
expected: the pilots here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_2: the paliser change laces ene did theysleep
	layer_4: the palits he or change places one did they sleep
	layer_6: the palats he ar changed places one did they sleep
	layer_8: the palates hare changed places when did they sleep
	layer_10: the palates here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_12: the palattes here changed places when did they sleep

file: 6455-66379-0017.flac
expected: wood taken in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the stream paddling on as usual day at length dawned
	layer_2: whit iy coan en bhecare ovant agan tof r place in the mideal of the shream powdling on hszusual ga out lengdone
	layer_4: witte can ind the careivan again tooker place in the mideral of the shream powdling on isz usual gay aut lengthdawn
	layer_6: witig an ind the careovan again took her place in the middrale of the shream powdling on as usual day at length awn
	layer_8: whitige an in the curavan again took her place in the middle of the shream powdling on as usual day at lengthdawn
	layer_10: wittig an inn the caravan again took her place in the middle of he stream powdling on as usual day at length dawn
	layer_12: witting an inn the caravan again took her place in the middle of the stream powdling on as usual day at length dawn

file: 6455-66379-0018.flac
expected: i had risen and went out with the captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_2: iad risin on wen out with a capain to enjoy of ie of the blufs
	layer_4: i had risen an went aut with a capain to enjoy of yew of the bluffs
	layer_6: i had risen an went out with a capain to enjoy of you the bluffs
	layer_8: i had risen and went out with a capain to enjoy of you the bluffs
	layer_10: i had risen and went out with a capin to enjoy of you the bluffs
	layer_12: i had risen and went out with a capan to enjoy of yeu the bluffs

file: 6455-66379-0019.flac
expected: there it is exclaimed the captain stop her
	layer_2: tlheyritais exclen thi chaptaan stoper
	layer_4: lerid i is exclen thi chappten stopper
	layer_6: leriday is exclaim the captains stopper
	layer_8: leyrida is exclaimed the captain's topper
	layer_10: lyridas exclaimed the captain stopper
	layer_12: lyridas exclaime the captain stopper

file: 1686-142278-0000.flac
expected: he was gone
	layer_2: he was gone
	layer_4: he was gone
	layer_6: he was gone
	layer_8: he was gone
	layer_10: he was gone
	layer_12: he was gone

file: 1686-142278-0001.flac
expected: no more deep blue skies or crimson and amber tints
	layer_2: no wo deep blusekis o crhimsonam thetins
	layer_4: no mo deep luskyes of cimson nambetins
	layer_6: no more deep leu skyes of rimson nambetins
	layer_8: no more deep blue skyes of rimson nambetins
	layer_10: no more deep blue skies of crimson nambetins
	layer_12: no more deep blue skies of crimson nambetins

file: 1686-142278-0002.flac
expected: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her thinking over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_2: she sad by ha self at the fire withounlightae candeled on the table behind her and gui over the day the happiwak happyscatching charful pleason dinno and the uincomfortable misrable woarlking the gaoden
	layer_4: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candled on the table behind her a ging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cherful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the gardden
	layer_6: she sat by herself at the fire with unlightetd candles on the table behind her ind ging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_8: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her anging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_10: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her anging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_12: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her anging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden

file: 1686-142278-0003.flac
expected: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if briefs success and all its superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_2: hr weas she distrbd en than happy hecouse a rinsting ho madye anything lut t a refus of in possibl while he not many minues aftr he had met with e rejection an what ordm ofe bem the deepest holeuse were pos alof his life cuspek as if its prece success an ol a supl ficial comsequences of a god house tplever n a graable tocity wirh ha sol oboud objects o missesygas o dear
	layer_4: here was she disturbed in than happy hecause arinsting ha made anything buth tao refuse of impossible while he not many minus after heiad med withthe rejection o what ordem af been the deepest hollies repos al of his life cuspeak as if its briece success and alles supeficial consequences of a good house clever an agreeble tociety whith ta sol oboud objects of mhisesious wo dear
	layer_6: here wal she disturbed in than happy because ha rinsting ho made anything but ta refuse of impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection or what borde have beeng the deepest holies reposal of his life couspeak as if its briefes success an all his superficial consequences of a good house clever ian agreeable society werh the soul a out objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_8: here was she disturbed and tun happy because her ynstinct wha made anything but a refuse al impossible whell he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ordreu have been the deepest holliest roposal of his life coud speak as if its briefs success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the soul avoued objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_10: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible well he not many minutes after he had met with ae rejection orf what ordrou have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if its brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_12: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible whell he not many minutes after he had met with he rejection of what borderou have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if its brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires woh dear

file: 1686-142278-0004.flac
expected: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_2: i mother came in to the room before this worl of toughse wiath a justed in to anything lmike order
	layer_4: i mother came into the room before this worl of thoughs with a justed into anything like order
	layer_6: er mother came into the room before this wirl of thoughts wath adjusted into anything like order
	layer_8: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_10: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_12: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order

file: 1686-142278-0005.flac
expected: mister hale sipped his tea in abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_2: mister halo sipt his toy enatrdracted silence margaeret hadthe respanses aln to herself
	layer_4: mister hale sipt his toe u nowstracted silence margaret had the responses alto herself
	layer_6: mister hale siped his tea innowbstracted silence margaret had the responses alto herself
	layer_8: mister hale sipped his tea nd obstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_10: mister hale sipped his tea an abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_12: mister hale sipped his tea and abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself

file: 1686-142278-0006.flac
expected: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_2: she for got that he had not made then menorfar
	layer_4: she forgot that he had not made them enopfar
	layer_6: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_8: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_10: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_12: she forgot that he had not made them an offer

file: 1686-142278-0007.flac
expected: margaret was preparing her mother's worsted work and rather shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_2: margaret was re pairing hem motheis worstit work ande al the shrin kink fro ate thought of thelog eveming an whishing bet time weae come that she myg go  r the evincs of the da again
	layer_4: margaret was repairing her mother's worstiv worg and all the shrinkinmg from he thought of the long evening and wishing bed time werek come that she mygt go over the evense of the day again
	layer_6: margaret was repairing her mother's worstidt work and all the shrinkimg from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_8: margaret was repairing her mother's worstid work and all the shrin kame from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime woere come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_10: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and all the shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_12: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and all the shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the events of the day again

file: 1686-142278-0008.flac
expected: margaret
	layer_2: longes
	layer_4: longs
	layer_6: longres
	layer_8: longes
	layer_10: longos
	layer_12: longos

file: 1686-142278-0009.flac
expected: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_2: on spea yo thaut some tin veryseemis to aso
	layer_4: i ant speak to you about some thi very seeius to a sar
	layer_6: i want to speak t you about somehing very serious to a sow
	layer_8: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us ol
	layer_10: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_12: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all

file: 1686-142278-0010.flac
expected: very serious to us all
	layer_2: vhery seeris to asol
	layer_4: very seyris to assoul
	layer_6: very serus to assaul
	layer_8: very serous to assault
	layer_10: very serious to assault
	layer_12: very serious to assault

file: 1686-142278-0011.flac
expected: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any private conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_2: mister lenics thand never had the orperunlity of haning any poise conisation with ha father affter her reveusl or 'll sthat wout indee be af very see riesu fair
	layer_4: mister lenixs a never had the o prorsunity of havig any poires conlesation with a father after her revusal or elsethat woult indeed be of very seerioes affair
	layer_6: mister lennox had never had the oppersunity of aving any poier's conversation with ha father ofter her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_8: mister lennox had never had the opprtunity of having any puoyyroush conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_10: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any poyrush conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_12: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any poyrish conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair

file: 1686-142278-0012.flac
expected: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_2: but she soon felt it was not atout anything which having only latelyan sudden ly acgourd could have given rised tw ane compicatid thouglhts that a fathe wishe haspeak to her
	layer_4: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only latelyand suddenly a goord could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wishe to speak to her
	layer_6: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly a gord could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wishe to speak to her
	layer_8: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly accured could have given rice to any complicated thoughts that a father wished to speak to her
	layer_10: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wished to speak to her
	layer_12: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wished to speak to her

file: 1686-142278-0013.flac
expected: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_2: mister haildid not answerfor mya dautaer
	layer_4: mister haledid not aunswerfor m min a daghte
	layer_6: mister hale did not answer for m miea dahtou
	layer_8: mister hale did not answer for a minuedaghter
	layer_10: mister hale did not answer for a miedayou
	layer_12: mister hale did not answer for a minedatyou

file: 1686-142278-0014.flac
expected: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_2: margaret could not ba thers sig tof the suspinse which waseven more distressing to here fathe thand to herself
	layer_4: margaret could not bay the sight of the suspence which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_6: margaret could not ber the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_8: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_10: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_12: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself

file: 1686-142278-0015.flac
expected: but why dear papa do tell me
	layer_2: but wy doape afa don tell me
	layer_4: but wy depopot do tell me
	layer_6: but why di prapat do tell me
	layer_8: but why doa papa do tell me
	layer_10: but why do papa do tell me
	layer_12: but why do papa do tell me

file: 1686-142278-0016.flac
expected: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_2: because i must kno long o be i minister in the church of england
	layer_4: because i must no longer be inminister in the church of england
	layer_6: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_8: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_10: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_12: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england

file: 1686-142278-0017.flac
expected: but nothing to the shock she received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_2: hat nothing to the shroctrue receippdr on mhis to hals laspech what could hoe men
	layer_4: ut nothing to the shroctre received rom mis ter hal's law speech what could you mean
	layer_6: but nothing to the strockhe received from mister hae's las speech what could you mean
	layer_8: but nothing to the srockhe received from mister hale's last speech what could you mean
	layer_10: but nothing to the shroctry received from mister hale's last speech what could hou mean
	layer_12: but nothing to the shroctry received from mister hale's last speech what could you mean

file: 1686-142278-0018.flac
expected: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_2: it was an the wors for beingso rmisterious
	layer_4: it was aln he worse for being so rysterious
	layer_6: it was all he worse for being so mysterious
	layer_8: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_10: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_12: it was all the worse for being so mysterious

file: 1686-142278-0019.flac
expected: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_2: wha kang youknon long r bi acleargtuan
	layer_4: why can you kno longeof the acclereg yunmen
	layer_6: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_8: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_10: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_12: why can you no longer be a clergyman

file: 1686-142278-0020.flac
expected: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard unjust
	layer_2: soely ithe bishe witold all wyg mo a bout frrdery and the hard en just
	layer_4: sorly if the bisho watold all we no about fideri and the hard and just
	layer_6: surely if the bishop were ld all we know about frederic and the hard and just
	layer_8: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard anjust
	layer_10: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederic and the hard unjust
	layer_12: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederic and the hard unjust

file: 1686-142278-0021.flac
expected: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_2: lockaret i will till your boat is
	layer_4: logaret i will tell your bot jit
	layer_6: lagaret i will tell you bouit
	layer_8: morgaret i will tell you aboucit
	layer_10: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_12: margaret i will tell you about it

file: 1686-142278-0022.flac
expected: i will answer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_2: ar welondswo any questres this onece tut ofter to knight leteus nmeber speak of it again
	layer_4: a elancsare any questures this once but after to night let us neber speak of it again
	layer_6: i rellanc war any questures this once but after to night let us nebeur speak of it again
	layer_8: i willancewer any questions this ancs but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_10: i will answer any question this oncs but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_12: i will answer any question this onts but after to night let us never speak of it again

file: 1686-142278-0023.flac
expected: i can meet the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering
	layer_2: i can mee the contiquences of myt painful misurable dout but it is tnefh orot beyon me to speakel what has cause me so welh suffring
	layer_4: i can eed the consequences of my painful misurable doubt but it is enephrt beyond me to speak of what has callse me so rih suffering
	layer_6: i can meed the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speakof what has callsed me som i suffering
	layer_8: i can meed the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caulsed me somi suffering
	layer_10: i can reed the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so mi suffering
	layer_12: i can reed the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me somic suffering

file: 1686-142278-0024.flac
expected: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_2: no not doubt sesto relition nile te slight es indre to that he paused
	layer_4: no not doubts as to religion nowe the slightis indreactof that he paused
	layer_6: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injure to that he paused
	layer_8: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_10: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_12: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused

file: 1686-142278-0025.flac
expected: margaret sighed as if standing on the verge of some new horror
	layer_2: margaret sigde as if standing on the worge ef someen yoa holra
	layer_4: largaret side as if standing on the worg of some nahorra
	layer_6: margaret side as if standing on the word of some newhorra
	layer_8: margaret sighed as if standing on the word of some new horror
	layer_10: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of some new horror
	layer_12: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of some new horror

file: 1686-142278-0026.flac
expected: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_2: higoe how in nove the hol ejoe frorm witurhme to be shut out
	layer_4: wmargaruld how in nlove the whold eacoged from wichme to we shut out
	layer_6: margaret how i loved the hold e churge from which ime to be shut out
	layer_8: margaret how i loved the hoycharge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_10: margaret how i loved the holychuge from which i m to be shut out
	layer_12: margaret how i loved the holychurge from which i am to be shut out

file: 1686-142278-0027.flac
expected: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_2: he could not go one for a moeman jito
	layer_4: he could not go one for a momman ato
	layer_6: he could not go on for a moment joht o
	layer_8: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_10: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_12: he could not go on for a moment or two

file: 1686-142278-0028.flac
expected: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to turn mahometan
	layer_2: wmorbar could not tel what to say a seemed to her as terri byu masterious as if fa falthe were about o do hn m him aldean
	layer_4: margaret could not tell what to say is seemed to her esd erribu mysterious as if for father were about to to whim ma him atean
	layer_6: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to her es terribou mysterious as if a father were about to to him mahametin
	layer_8: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to heres terribly mysterious as if her father were about to t him mahammetian
	layer_10: margaret could not tell what to say it seemd to haress terribly mysterious as if her father were about to do om mahometin
	layer_12: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to haress terribly mysterious as if her father were about to do hon mahemetin

file: 1686-142278-0029.flac
expected: the one staid foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and rocking
	layer_2: the one state funddation of her home of ver ideaof hr beloveid father thim realing hd wocking
	layer_4: the one state foundation of her home of ver idea of he beloved father them realing in wrocking
	layer_6: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father shem reling and wocking
	layer_8: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seem reling and wocking
	layer_10: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father stheeme reeling and wolking
	layer_12: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father theeme reeling and wacking

file: 1686-142278-0030.flac
expected: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embarked
	layer_2: heswalow down the dry chokingsof which had beeng heaving up lrom his heard i the t and going to his berkcase he a took downe of volun whichshe had oftem been reading lake hnd from which he thought he ha de rivesrenth tointer apon the couse ind whichhe was know inwo
	layer_4: he swallowd down the drygh choking sof which had been heaving up from his heard either to and going to his bookcase hehad took down af volun which he had often beeng reading lately i from which he thought he had derived strinth to inter upon the course in which he was now an bot
	layer_6: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up fron his heart iterto and going to his bookcase he had took down a volume which he had ofteen been reading lately from which he thought he had derived strength to enterrupon the coourse in which he was now in bouh
	layer_8: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he h took down a volume which he had often been reading lately from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now in bought
	layer_10: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase hetook down a volume which he had often been reading lately from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now enboughd
	layer_12: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now enbought

file: 1686-142278-0031.flac
expected: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_2: nisstene dey mallbart said he but on one aomeroun hr raste
	layer_4: listent dea magaret said he but don one amround her racte
	layer_6: listen der margaret said he put ing wont am around her raste
	layer_8: listen dear margaret said he putting ont arm around her raist
	layer_10: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm around her waist
	layer_12: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm around her waist

file: 1686-142278-0032.flac
expected: when god will not use thee in one kind yet he will in another
	layer_2: when god wll not use den one kind yet he will and a nother
	layer_4: when god will not usedeen one kind yet he will and another
	layer_6: when god will not use dean one kind yet he will in another
	layer_8: when god will not use den one kind yet he will in another
	layer_10: when god will not use den one kind yet he will in another
	layer_12: when god will not use den one kind yet he will in another

file: 1686-142278-0033.flac
expected: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy vows thou pretendest a necessity for it in order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_2: if when though are chalge with gorupting galldswuship farlsiu find thy wos theurh pretendes and tesessisty or it onder to a continuancs in the ministry
	layer_4: if when though are charge with corrupting golds worship for so find thy rwelse theug pretendus and necessesty or it own oder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_6: if when thouh are charged with corrupting god's worship fal sofind thy rose though pretendus and necescsoty for it own oder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_8: if when thou aret charged with corrupting god's worship falsifind thy rous though pretendest an necescoty for its own norder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_10: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifind thy rous though pretendest a necessaty for it ownly order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_12: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifind thy rous though pretendest a necessaty for its ownly order to a continuance in the ministry

file: 1686-142278-0034.flac
expected: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_2: as he read this and glance antd mich mar which he did not wread he gaine resaution for himself and felt as if he to coulde be brave and tfum in done what he bieved to be wit ut as he seesed he head morgaets low convulshi solf and his curried sying down under the cend sens of suffringd
	layer_4: as he read this and glanceant much more which he did not red he gain resoution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and fhurm in doing what he believed to re wight but as he ceised he heard margaret's low convuls his solve and his clourried sang down under the kyn sense of sufferind
	layer_6: as he read this and glance ant much more which he did not read he gaine resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be righte but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive self and his clourieg sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_8: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sof and his courage sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_10: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sankg down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_12: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering

file: 1686-142278-0035.flac
expected: i have borne long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_2: i have bone long wilth suf frpoch there ould have rous anymyin les taped and cowld le bhen mine
	layer_4: i have bone long with sa repulch there would have rouse any mind less tolpid and cowdly then mine
	layer_6: i have gone long with salr reporch that would have roused any mind less talpi and cowrdly than mine
	layer_8: i have gone long with saf repoarch thate would have roused any mine less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_10: i have gone along with salf reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_12: i have gone along with salf reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine

file: 1686-142278-0036.flac
expected: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_2: he shook his headhes yeu wen d one
	layer_4: he shook his head as you wentd on
	layer_6: he shook his head as you went on
	layer_8: he shook his head as yho went on
	layer_10: he shook his head as hye went on
	layer_12: he shook his head as you went on

file: 1686-142278-0037.flac
expected: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_2: margaret i ried to do it i tried to contend myself with simply refusing vhediset a brefreled and soppin quitey here stranglam miyk contionce now as i had straingd tod before
	layer_4: margaret i ried to do it i cried to contentd myself wish simply refusing the dista reverelent and sopphing quitely here strangling my contiance now as i had strain it before
	layer_6: margaret i cried to do it i cried to content myself with simply refusing the distral preferement and stoping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had straind it before
	layer_8: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the distralt preferent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_10: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the addistract prefervent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_12: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the adistract prefervent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before

file: 1686-142278-0038.flac
expected: god forgive me
	layer_2: oht okive me
	layer_4: tthohts iogive me
	layer_6: thoughts wo give me
	layer_8: toughts toa give me
	layer_10: thaults that give me
	layer_12: thaults that give me

file: 1686-142278-0039.flac
expected: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but few
	layer_2: heurals ind walk up en down the room speakingingno words of sefrl pogi and hetheiation a which margaet wastangkfulr to habut a few
	layer_4: heros and walked up and down the room speakinging o words of sofly poach and humiiation or which margaret was thankful to habut a few
	layer_6: heros and walked up and down the room speaking no words of sufly proach and humiliation or which margaret was thankful to har but a few
	layer_8: heroes and walked up and down the room speaking no words of sofhley proach and humiliation or which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_10: heroes and walked up and down the room speaking no words of souf reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_12: heroes and walked up and down the room speaking no words of souf reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few

file: 1686-142278-0040.flac
expected: margaret i return to the old sad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_2: margaret i retune to the ol said burdin we must lleeave helston
	layer_4: margaret i returned to the old said birden we must leave helston
	layer_6: margaret i returned to the old sad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_8: margaret i returnd to the oldsad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_10: margaret i return to the oldsad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_12: margaret i return to the oldsaid burden we must leave helstone

file: 1686-142278-0041.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: yeus
	layer_4: nes
	layer_6: yes
	layer_8: yes
	layer_10: yes
	layer_12: yes

file: 1686-142278-0042.flac
expected: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_2: i a ritento the bishrp i day sa ive told you so but i forget thngs tus now said mister hale callaptin ui to se depressed manner asso its e cane to took of hart matrof bac detaild hin forming him iof my intongiont to resign isvpeckurage
	layer_4: i have writtento the bishop i day say have told your so but i forget things ju s now said mister hale collap ing into is depressed manner as son itcshe came to took of hard matro fac detailed informing him of my intaention to resignes speakerage
	layer_6: i have written to the bishop i day say ihave told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapting into his depressed manner as soon as he came to took of hard matroh fackt detailes informing him of my intention to resign his peakurage
	layer_8: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapting into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talok of hard matter of fackt detailes informing him of my intention to resign this speacarage
	layer_10: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vacarage
	layer_12: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this veacarage

file: 1686-142278-0043.flac
expected: they are but what i have tried upon myself without avail
	layer_2: they iubut what i have tried u pon myself wi tat away
	layer_4: they aurl but what i have tried upon myself vwir that awal
	layer_6: they aret but what i have tried upon myself withhout awal
	layer_8: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail
	layer_10: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail
	layer_12: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail

file: 1686-142278-0044.flac
expected: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be the parting from my dear people
	layer_2: that wol be atil but wors farwrs will wet del partting for my de appeople
	layer_4: that will be a crial but worse farwers well witd departing fror my dea people
	layer_6: that will be a crial but worse farwors will weth departing for my dear people
	layer_8: that will be a trial but worse farworste will we departing from my dear people
	layer_10: that will be a trial but worse far worse wile we departing from my dear people
	layer_12: that will be a trial but worse far worse wile we departing from my dear people

file: 1686-142278-0045.flac
expected: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_2: he will come tostay wi d us tomorow
	layer_4: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_6: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_8: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_10: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_12: he will come to stay with us to morrow

file: 1686-142278-0046.flac
expected: was it to be so sudden then
	layer_2: was tit to besom sadoen men
	layer_4: was it to besonsadan men
	layer_6: was it to be some sadommen
	layer_8: was it to be some sadom men
	layer_10: was it to be some sadom men
	layer_12: was it to be some sadom men

file: 1686-142278-0047.flac
expected: what does mamma say
	layer_2: what is momal say
	layer_4: what is moal say
	layer_6: what dis mamia say
	layer_8: what is mamai say
	layer_10: what does mama say
	layer_12: what does mama say

file: 1686-142278-0048.flac
expected: margaret i am a poor coward after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_2: marlgaret i am apol call rnt oaufter all i can not bayd to give paind
	layer_4: margaret i am a poo call wind after all i cannot bed to give pain
	layer_6: margaret i am a pool call went after all i cannot be to give pain
	layer_8: margaret i am a pool calen after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_10: margaret i am a pool callane after all i cannot bea to give pain
	layer_12: margaret i am a pool call ane after all i cannot bea to give pain

file: 1686-142278-0049.flac
expected: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_2: yes in theed she most said lagerd
	layer_4: yes indeed she most said laugared
	layer_6: yes indeed she most said lawgaret
	layer_8: yes indeed she must said lawgaret
	layer_10: yes indeed she must said margret
	layer_12: yes indeed she must said margret

file: 1686-142278-0050.flac
expected: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_2: phrhaps afer al she maynot o ies
	layer_4: perhaps affrall she may not olyes
	layer_6: perhaps ofter all she may not ohyes
	layer_8: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_10: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_12: perhaps after all she may not oh yes

file: 1686-142278-0051.flac
expected: she will she must be shocked' as the force of the blow returned upon herself in trying to realise how another would take it
	layer_2: she wal she must be shot as a faorc lof the blow returned upon herself an trying to raliezs howoannovbher wr takeet
	layer_4: she walle she must be shotd as ta force aof the blowreturned upon herself n crying to rea lies how another would take it
	layer_6: she well she must be shot as a force of the blow returned upon herself an crying to relie how another would take it
	layer_8: she well she must be shot as te force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_10: she well she must be shot as the force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_12: she well she must be shot as the force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it

file: 1686-142278-0052.flac
expected: to milton northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment strive to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of the pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_2: to mil to now them he answed with ha dullmindiffeent for heeat puseive that although hes taughtos lov hand made her claim to him ad for a momentstried to sot himg with helove heeat the kenuss of to pain was as freshes ever ing her mind
	layer_4: to milto knor them he answered with a deme indifference for he had perceived that although hes daughtas love had made her clained to him and for a moment stribed to soth him with her love eet the keeness of te payn was as freshas ever ing her mind
	layer_6: to milto nor them he answered with a dum indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her clainm to him and for a moment stribed to sooth him with her love eet the keeness of tepain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_8: to mil to northem he answered with a dulmb indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment trived to soothe him with her love yet the keeness of dopain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_10: to millton northam he answered with a dulb indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment tried to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dapain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_12: to milton northam he answered with a dulb indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment tried to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dapain was as fresh as ever in her mind

file: 1686-142278-0053.flac
expected: milton northern
	layer_2: mil to e ote
	layer_4: milto de othen
	layer_6: milted mothen
	layer_8: milted mothin
	layer_10: milton mathen
	layer_12: milton mathen

file: 1686-142278-0054.flac
expected: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way
	layer_2: yes said he the samed esponden in didfrem way
	layer_4: yes said he nt the sayine dispondom in differen way
	layer_6: yes said he in the same desponden in different way
	layer_8: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_10: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_12: yes said he in the same despondent in different way

file: 1686-142278-0055.flac
expected: but he with his quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_2: let heing with his quak in coative simpathyg wreaden her face as in the marar the reflections of his own moodydepression and turndid offit tenefet
	layer_4: but heg with this quik in tuatif simphathy read in her face asin a meror the reflections of his own modidepression and turned it off woit then effet
	layer_6: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face asin a mirror the reflections of his own moodydepression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_8: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moodyd depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_10: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_12: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort

file: 1686-142278-0056.flac
expected: you shall be told all margaret
	layer_2: you shall be told to mabaret
	layer_4: you shall be told on mabaret
	layer_6: you shall be told on marbarete
	layer_8: you shall be told o marbearet
	layer_10: you shall be told on margaret
	layer_12: you shall be told on marbaret

file: 1686-142278-0057.flac
expected: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_2: only helpd me to tell your lother
	layer_4: only help me to tell youm mother
	layer_6: only helpd me to tell your mother
	layer_8: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_10: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_12: only help me to tell your mother

file: 1686-142278-0058.flac
expected: i am going out for the day to bid farmer dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_2: i am ging outh for the day to bit far the dogsen in the puo people o bacy comman goud by
	layer_4: i am going outh for the day to bit far the dobson in the poull people on brasy comman good by
	layer_6: i am going oupt for the day to bit fathe dobson an the pool people on bracy comman good bye
	layer_8: i am going oup for the day to bid father dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_10: i am going out for the day to bid father dobson and the poor people on bracy common goodbye
	layer_12: i am going out for the day to bid father dobson and the poor people on bracy common goodbye

file: 1686-142278-0059.flac
expected: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_2: whuild you dislike brakng int to her very luche whalgert
	layer_4: would you dislike breaking it to her very much walgart
	layer_6: would you dislike breaking it to her very much walgart
	layer_8: would you dislike breaking it to her very much wmalgaret
	layer_10: would you dislike breaking it to her very much malgaret
	layer_12: would you dislike breaking it to her very much malgaret

file: 1686-142278-0060.flac
expected: margaret did dislike it did shrink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_2: margarer did tas like et dit ching from at more thean from any thing ted ever had to doin herlife befulre
	layer_4: margaret did us like it didhring from it more thean from any thinshe had ever had to doing her life before
	layer_6: margaret didt us like it didcring from it more than from anything she had ever had to doing her life before
	layer_8: margaret did dislike it didching from it more than from anything she had ever had to doin her life before
	layer_10: margaret did dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_12: margaret did dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before

file: 1686-142278-0061.flac
expected: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_2: mister hel shook his head the sponding tley hi presed er hand and token of gratitude
	layer_4: mister hal shook his head thespondingly i pressed her hand end token of bratitude
	layer_6: mister hale shook his head despondingly hepressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_8: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_10: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_12: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude

file: 1686-142278-0062.flac
expected: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_2: margkaret wus neyup seitagainning to  burst of kyin
	layer_4: margaret pas nerlyup sit again into a burst of cring
	layer_6: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of krying
	layer_8: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_10: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_12: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying

file: 1686-142278-0063.flac
expected: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what our plans are
	layer_2: to dirn her tholds she said now tell me bepa what up luana
	layer_4: to tern her thougts she said now tell me parpa what ap nanza
	layer_6: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up lanza
	layer_8: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up lanza
	layer_10: to dirn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up lanza
	layer_12: to dirn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up lanza

file: 1686-142278-0064.flac
expected: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know
	layer_2: you had ma ma have some money in dependen of the aincom from the living hav not you on cae has i know
	layer_4: you had mama have some money in dependent of the incom from the living have not you on srowy has i know
	layer_6: you and mamma have some money in dependent of the income from the living have not you onray has i know
	layer_8: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you entra has i know
	layer_10: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you entroy has i know
	layer_12: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you entroy has i know

file: 1686-142278-0065.flac
expected: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_2: soven teoove that his always coln to fregerick sin te has been ar broad
	layer_4: seventy f that has always goneto frederick since e has ween a broad
	layer_6: seventyu of tat has always gone to frederick since i has rinabroad
	layer_8: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has wena broad
	layer_10: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has veenabroad
	layer_12: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has weenabroad

file: 1686-142278-0066.flac
expected: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_2: e must have som a pay for serving with espranshamyn
	layer_4: must have some  pay for servin with dhe spansh army
	layer_6: must have some pay for serving with dhe spranish army
	layer_8: e must have some pay for serving with the spranish army
	layer_10: must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_12: wemust have some pay for serving with the spanish army

file: 1686-142278-0067.flac
expected: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his own a hundred is left
	layer_2: federick must notsurfer ham lagrt decidely in a faren cuntre so in justle treetod by yous on hurnd dreseis left
	layer_4: frederick must not suffer san margaet decideinly in a foreigncountry so industly treated by his on ahndrers is left
	layer_6: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedgly in a falein country so injustly treated by his an he hnders his left
	layer_8: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so injustly treated by his auwn he hunders his left
	layer_10: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his aunt he hunders is left
	layer_12: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his aunt the hundrers is left

file: 1686-142278-0068.flac
expected: no
	layer_2: no
	layer_4: no
	layer_6: no
	layer_8: no
	layer_10: no
	layer_12: no

file: 1686-142278-0069.flac
expected: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_2: said mis t il that would not atswir i must do e omefhaink
	layer_4: said mistal that woull not answerh i must do somethink
	layer_6: said mister hale that wiuld not answer i must do something
	layer_8: said mister hale that wildl not answer i must do something
	layer_10: said mister hale that wiuld not answer i must do something
	layer_12: said mister hale that wiuld not answer i must do something

file: 1686-142278-0070.flac
expected: i can always decide better by myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_2: i can ol was disi betti oy myself and not influence by hose whon my love said he as i halfor poligy for having a rain so mihct refole yea told any wone of hits bande of his emtentions
	layer_4: i can alwys decide bettef o myself and not influenced by those whom my love said he as i halfor pology for having araind so mich brefore yea told any one of his famdy of his imtentions
	layer_6: i can always decide bettefi myself and not influenced by those whom my love said he as a half r pology for having arrane so much before yed told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_8: i can always decide better byr myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_10: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_12: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arrainged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions

file: 1686-142278-0071.flac
expected: i cannot stand objections
	layer_2: i can olt s thamd ofbjections
	layer_4: i cannot sthem objections
	layer_6: i cannoltstemd objections
	layer_8: i cannot stan objections
	layer_10: i cannot stan objections
	layer_12: i cannot stand objections

file: 1686-142278-0072.flac
expected: they make me so undecided
	layer_2: iy make me sow n decieed
	layer_4: i make me so un decid ed
	layer_6: i make me so un decided
	layer_8: i make me so undecided
	layer_10: i make me so undecided
	layer_12: i make me so undecided

file: 1686-142278-0073.flac
expected: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of doubt became more than i could bear without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_2: misto hal comtiued ha few mont ti go when my mis you of dap be kamg more tan i couldbay without 'speaking i roke to miste bell youwr membemis teo bell maorgert
	layer_4: mister hale comtinued a fe months a go when my misrou hove dap becme more than i could bey without speaking i wroke to mister bell you remembermister bel margaret
	layer_6: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misryw of dapt became more than i could bey without speaking i rope to mister bell you remember mister belle margaret
	layer_8: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dapt became more than i could bay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_10: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dapt became more than i could beay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_12: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dept became more than i could beay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret

file: 1686-142278-0074.flac
expected: no i never saw him i think
	layer_2: no i never sow him mikfethingk
	layer_4: no i never saw him mi thing
	layer_6: no i never saw him i thing
	layer_8: no i never saw him i think
	layer_10: no i never saw him i think
	layer_12: no i never saw him i think

file: 1686-142278-0075.flac
expected: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in value since milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_2: and any rate he has foperty ver which has very mych in resed an velleen is and's mnilthin has becom such a larguramanyeu facturing town
	layer_4: and any rate he has folqaty ve which has very mikinprestd and valvines andes milthin has become such a largemanu factoring town
	layer_6: ant any rate he has folqity ter which has very mich inpreastd hand valviness andcesmilton has become such a large manufactoring town
	layer_8: at any rate he has folkety bhere which has very much increased fan valles inc milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_10: at any rate he has folkety bhere which has very much increased and valvue ince milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_12: at any rate he has folketty bere which has very much increased and valvune since milton has become such a large manufacturing town

file: 1686-142278-0076.flac
expected: i don't know that he gave me much strength
	layer_2: i don'l now that he gam mmg mi srendh
	layer_4: i don't know that he gave me my srenth
	layer_6: i don't know that he gave me myh srength
	layer_8: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_10: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_12: i don't know that he gave me my strength

file: 1686-142278-0077.flac
expected: a private tutor
	layer_2: a priv a cut
	layer_4: a priva tuter
	layer_6: a priva tutor
	layer_8: a private tutor
	layer_10: a private tutor
	layer_12: a private tutor

file: 1686-142278-0078.flac
expected: said margaret looking scornful what in the world do manufacturers want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_2: said magaret looking scolful wate in the wrldindmainn factuas wat with the casics olitreture or the accomelitip so ragentlemam
	layer_4: said margaret looking scoful what in the world in manyu factures want wit the classics of litriature or the accomlitos of ae gentlemen
	layer_6: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufactures want with the classics of literature ar the accomlitinons of a gentleman
	layer_8: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufacture's want with the classics of literature or the accomlisthiens of a gentleman
	layer_10: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufacture's want with a classics of literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_12: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufactures want with a classics of literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman

file: 1686-142278-0079.flac
expected: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscious of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at oxford is
	layer_2: oh said her father some of them ray seend to befined fellows contentse of theron deffisiencies which is more than many mant boxslhedis
	layer_4: oh said her father some of them really seemd to be find fellows concence of the rown deficiencies which is more than manu man at boxlat is
	layer_6: oh said her father some of them really seeme to be fine fellows consciencs of their own defficiencies which is more than manou man at boxlet is
	layer_8: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows consctents of their own deficiencies which is more than manw man at boxlet is
	layer_10: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscients of their own deficiencies which is more than manw man at boxfot is
	layer_12: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscients of their own deficiencies which is more than manw man at boxfot is

file: 1686-142278-0080.flac
expected: some want their children to be better instructed than they themselves have been
	layer_2: so wone the churdren to be pet instroctevd tehen day e hem selfs havr been
	layer_4: so one the chirdren to be bet instructee than they tehemselves havr been
	layer_6: so onet their chilren to be bettr instructid than they themselvs hare been
	layer_8: soe wone thei children to be better instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_10: so wont their children to be better instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_12: so want their children to be better instructive than they themselves have been

file: 1686-142278-0081.flac
expected: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and scenes so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_2: and in miltan wararet i shall find to busy life if not thi happy one and pupil and seein so different that i shall never be ren mind of helston
	layer_4: and in milton mararet i shall find o busy life ifnot a happy one and pepile and seein so different that i shall never be remind of helston
	layer_6: an in milton marbaret i shall find a busy life ifnot a happy one and people and seen so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_8: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seein so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_10: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeing so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_12: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeing so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone

file: 1686-142278-0082.flac
expected: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_2: dhiscordnt as it was with all mist a deetestation for althad ever heard of the nar tharengland the manufacturos the keeple the wild and bee country there was dhis mone recommindation ie would be different from heulston and could nevery mind the mot that benlovid place
	layer_4: discoden as it was with all mist a detestation for allshe had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the peple the wild and blee country there was this one recommendation it would be differnt from helston and could nevery mind them of that beloved place
	layer_6: discordant as it was with all most a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bla country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_8: discordent as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_10: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and beak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_12: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place

file: 1686-142278-0083.flac
expected: when do we go
	layer_2: wain do e go
	layer_4: wendoego
	layer_6: when dor we go
	layer_8: when do we go
	layer_10: when do we go
	layer_12: when do we go

file: 1686-142278-0084.flac
expected: i do not know exactly
	layer_2: i do not know etaty
	layer_4: i do not know exacti
	layer_6: i do not know exact he
	layer_8: i do not know exactly
	layer_10: i do not know exactly
	layer_12: i do not know exactly

file: 1686-142278-0085.flac
expected: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_2: i wonus en talk it ovher with d yyou
	layer_4: i wane is ha talk it over with you
	layer_6: i want is o talk it over with you
	layer_8: i want is to talk it over with you
	layer_10: i want i to talk it over with you
	layer_12: i want is to talk it over with you

file: 1686-142278-0086.flac
expected: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_2: hes see ou'r mother knowse nothing about its get but i tin in a fourt night i'fteo my ded o vrrsicnationis senton i shall hav no rike to men mane
	layer_4: ho see your mother knos nothing about its yet but i think in a fort night afte my ded of resination is sent in i shall have no rigt toingmaine
	layer_6: i see your mother knows nothing about its yet but i think in a fortnight after my ded of resignation is sentin i shall have no right to eng main
	layer_8: you see your mother knows nothing about its yet but i think in a fortnight ofter my deed of resignation is sentin i shall have no right to enmain
	layer_10: you see your mother knows nothing about its yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_12: you see your mother knows nothing about its yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain

file: 1686-142278-0087.flac
expected: margaret was almost stunned
	layer_2: marget westala stoned
	layer_4: marget was algisstund
	layer_6: margaret was allmostand
	layer_8: margaret was almost ant
	layer_10: margaret was almost dunt
	layer_12: margaret was almost dund

file: 1686-142278-0088.flac
expected: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_2: but she recoveed hesself rmetitely
	layer_4: but she recovered herself remudantly
	layer_6: but she recovered herself remudiantly
	layer_8: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_10: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_12: but she recovered herself immediately

file: 1686-142278-0089.flac
expected: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_2: yes bupart it had beta be fix soon ind isidedly as heu say
	layer_4: yes papart it had better by fixd soon and desideedly as you say
	layer_6: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_8: yes papa it had better be fixedsoon and decidedly as you say
	layer_10: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_12: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say

file: 1686-142278-0090.flac
expected: poor poor maria
	layer_2: poll forme ia
	layer_4: palld pormereia
	layer_6: paled por merya
	layer_8: palled por maria
	layer_10: palled pa maria
	layer_12: palled poa maria

file: 1686-142278-0091.flac
expected: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_2: oh if fiwen not marrid befi wlo but myselfor te wold how easyt would be
	layer_4: oh if i were not married if i we but myself in the world how easit would be
	layer_6: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how eas it would be
	layer_8: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_10: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_12: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be

file: 1686-142278-0092.flac
expected: no said margaret sadly i will do it
	layer_2: no said lal art ta yu i will do it
	layer_4: no said ma et all you i will do it
	layer_6: no said marvwit ell you i will do it
	layer_8: no said marvits tell you i will do it
	layer_10: no said mauvwitt's tell you i will do it
	layer_12: no said mauvitt's tell you i will do it

file: 1686-142278-0093.flac
expected: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_2: ho must mot te seiveyourself in to doubting the reality of my words my fixet antention and res olv
	layer_4: yo must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_6: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_8: wyou must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_10: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_12: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve

file: 1686-142278-0094.flac
expected: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_2: he looked at her in the sam steady stonbe mantner for soe moment s ofte het n speaking
	layer_4: he looked at her in the same steady stondy manno for some moments ofter head on speaking
	layer_6: he looked at her in the same steady stoy mannor for some moments after hi onspeaking
	layer_8: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after hed on speaking
	layer_10: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had on speaking
	layer_12: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had on speaking

file: 1686-142278-0095.flac
expected: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_2: the blessing of god be uwon bee my child
	layer_4: the blessing of god be upon theev my child
	layer_6: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_8: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_10: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_12: the blessing of god be upon thee my child

file: 1686-142278-0096.flac
expected: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be irreverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter and she threw her arms round his neck
	layer_2: the next mamen she fared les thes answer to his blessing migt be you wiverendt rong minte herd him as com ing pro his daugter as she thre herams a rounde es nek
	layer_4: the next moment she feared lesst thes answer to his blessing might be u iverendt wrong mint heard him as coming pfrom his daughter as she threw her arms around his nacke
	layer_6: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be eriverent wrong might heard him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_8: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ereverend wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_10: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ireverent wrong migt hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_12: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ireverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck

file: 1686-142278-0097.flac
expected: she heard him murmur to himself the martyrs and confessors had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_2: she heard him lomern to himself the marces an confecees had be enware pain to beare i wrill no trink
	layer_4: she heard him momemen to himself the marces in confees had evemare pain to bear i wrill not srink
	layer_6: she heard him moment to himself the marthys and confeses had even more pain to bear i ral not shrink
	layer_8: she heard him moment to himself the martis and confesses had even more paind to bear i reall not shrink
	layer_10: she heard him mormurt to himself the martyrs and confessos have even more pained to bear i riall not shrink
	layer_12: she heard him mormured to himself the martyrs and confessors have even more pained to bear i riall not shrink

file: 1686-142278-0098.flac
expected: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_2: they was startal by hearring withsis hal inquiried for her daurhter
	layer_4: they were startle by hearing witsus hale inquiriend for her daughter
	layer_6: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquirieg for her daughter
	layer_8: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquirieng for her daughter
	layer_10: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_12: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter

file: 1651-136854-0000.flac
expected: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestick teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_2: in seventeen fifty he came forh in the carater a for which he woas em ineli quialified o tajestic teachure of moral and religious wisdon
	layer_4: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the caracter of for which he was eminently qualified a magestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_6: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_8: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_10: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_12: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom

file: 1651-136854-0001.flac
expected: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_2: the vcal woich he chos was that of a parioutical paper which he knew had beenupon former occasions imployed with great seccess
	layer_4: the viical which he chose was that of a pyriodical paper whch he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_6: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_8: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_10: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_12: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success

file: 1651-136854-0002.flac
expected: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_2: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was a to los howcronabit
	layer_4: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was a a los how ctoo navit
	layer_6: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to nave it
	layer_8: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_10: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_12: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it

file: 1651-136854-0003.flac
expected: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_2: i at dour it niht upon my bedside and resolved that i would notgootosleep til h ad fixetence titl
	layer_4: i sat doubt it night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go tosleep till ih ad fixedants title
	layer_6: i sat doubt at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed itts title
	layer_8: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_10: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_12: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title

file: 1651-136854-0004.flac
expected: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as odd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_2: adisencs not was affiction in which unconnecond fregments of his lucubrations were prposelad gombled together in his al e maneras e coauld in ordrtberoducsalaghaible fact
	layer_4: adiszonce note was a ffiction in which unconnectedfragments of his lucubrations wore purposela jumbled together in his a de manner as he could in order to roduce a lahable effect
	layer_6: adison'e note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purpose laid jumbled together in his awe demanner as he could in order to roduce a lauhable effect
	layer_8: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purpose laid jumbled together in as awe de manner as he could in order to produce a lagpable effect
	layer_10: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purpose laid jumpled together in as awed a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_12: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purpose laid jumpled together in as awed a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect

file: 1651-136854-0005.flac
expected: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_2: werese jahncanshe briviations or alldthe stinct and ae plickabul to each subject of which the had his megret
	layer_4: where ts johnscons af breviations are all distinctd and aplicable to each subject of which the head is mentiin
	layer_6: where s johnsons abreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which they head is mentioe
	layer_8: wheres johnson's apbbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_10: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_12: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned

file: 1651-136854-0006.flac
expected: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_2: for instance there se the folowing scpecie
	layer_4: for instance there is the following scpecimene
	layer_6: for instance there is the following specilen
	layer_8: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_10: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_12: for instance there is the following specimen

file: 1651-136854-0007.flac
expected: publick calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_2: pmtle conimities no sens of he previlence of bad habits niglagint of time ready tnedrtake carelous to prsu all chainggsd by time
	layer_4: publi conamities no sense of the previdlence of bad habits neglagent of time readytaundertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_6: public canamities no sense of the previlence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_8: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_10: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_12: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time

file: 1651-136854-0008.flac
expected: confident of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_2: qonfidince of others onsu specting ars onexperienst imagining himself securgats niglet never amagons they were venture to treat him ill ready to rost expecting tol be trosti
	layer_4: confidience of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself securiganst neglect never imagines they were ventured to treat him ill ready to prost expecting toad be trusted
	layer_6: confidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secureagans neglect never imagines they were venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting tou be trusted
	layer_8: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure againt neglect never imagines they werl venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_10: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_12: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted

file: 1651-136854-0009.flac
expected: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_2: yuw thom bitous as thinkang oners ei sy to be had
	layer_4: neu tham bisious as thinking honers esy to be had
	layer_6: nuw thambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_8: nut ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_10: nouth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_12: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had

file: 1651-136854-0010.flac
expected: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_2: defect cindto prays persu dat doffenprines
	layer_4: defect kindtof praise pursued at different perinse
	layer_6: deffect kindt of praise pursued at different periuns
	layer_8: defect kind of prase pursued at different perions
	layer_10: difrect kinds of prase pursued at different periods
	layer_12: difrect kinds of praise pursued at different periods

file: 1651-136854-0011.flac
expected: of the fancy in manhood
	layer_2: of the fanci an badd
	layer_4: of the fancian badlod
	layer_6: of the fancian madrd
	layer_8: of the fancion badword
	layer_10: of the fancian madlord
	layer_12: of the fancian madlord

file: 1651-136854-0012.flac
expected: bruy
	layer_2: ring
	layer_4: ring
	layer_6: bring
	layer_8: bring
	layer_10: rink
	layer_12: rink

file: 1651-136854-0013.flac
expected: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_2: scallers friendship like ladies
	layer_4: scollor friendshipd like ladies
	layer_6: schollor's friendship like ladies
	layer_8: scholars friendship like ladies
	layer_10: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_12: scholar's friendship like ladies

file: 1651-136854-0014.flac
expected: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_2: dramne  man by words repeled by passiens
	layer_4: drawne to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_6: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_8: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_10: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_12: drawn to man by words repelled by passions

file: 1651-136854-0015.flac
expected: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_2: comondangu ou ninhts bmy crushing otheir passions bat they wereturn
	layer_4: commondanger units by crusshing otheir passions bot they wre turn
	layer_6: common danger unites by crushing other passions bat they return
	layer_8: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_10: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_12: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return

file: 1651-136854-0016.flac
expected: equality hinders compliance
	layer_2: equality indes complis
	layer_4: equality aindors complins
	layer_6: equality anders compliance
	layer_8: equality enders compliance
	layer_10: equality enders compliance
	layer_12: equality ender's compliance

file: 1651-136854-0017.flac
expected: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_2: suparrta por duces inclence an enthy
	layer_4: superiorta produces insolence and enty
	layer_6: superiorite produces insolence and envy
	layer_8: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_10: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_12: superiority produces insolence and envy

file: 1651-136854-0018.flac
expected: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_2: to uch wregde an each to privat interest tlittle
	layer_4: to much regrde an each to private interest to little
	layer_6: too much regard and each to private interest too little
	layer_8: too much regard and each to private interest too little
	layer_10: too much regard and each to private interest too little
	layer_12: too much regard and each to private interest too little

file: 1651-136854-0019.flac
expected: of confederacy with superiours every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_2: of confei rcy was superias avera one nose de in colnvenions
	layer_4: of conferasy was superias ever one knos the in convenions
	layer_6: of conferacy was superios ever one knows the inconvenience
	layer_8: of confederacy was superiors ever one knows the inconvenience
	layer_10: of confederacy wath superiors everyone knows the inconvenience
	layer_12: of confederacy wath superiors every one knows the inconvenience

file: 1651-136854-0020.flac
expected: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_2: with he egls now athorti ever ymand his ond epinion his on interest
	layer_4: with egls nouthoarty every mand his own opinion his own interest
	layer_6: with egals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_8: with eagals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_10: with eagles no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_12: with eagles no authority every man his own opinion his own interest

file: 1651-136854-0021.flac
expected: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_2: man and wife hardly you nihted scar seve without tilberen
	layer_4: man and wife hardl yu nihted scase eva without chrilbrn
	layer_6: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without chilbrn
	layer_8: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_10: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_12: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children

file: 1651-136854-0022.flac
expected: computation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_2: copo utation yif tuto ane against tool how med you' gain'st five
	layer_4: computation if two to one against too how meddy'gainst five
	layer_6: complutation if two to one against two how medy against five
	layer_8: computation if two to one against two how meny against five
	layer_10: complutation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_12: computation if two to one against two how many against five

file: 1651-136854-0023.flac
expected: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_2: in this as in many otoccases i go wrong in ofposition tru convictuone for i think scars any temprl good equally to be desired with the regod and femilliarity of wor theman
	layer_4: in this as in many other cises a go wrong in opposition to conviction for i thinks scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_6: in this as in many other cases ire go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_8: in this as in many other cases iare go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_10: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_12: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men

file: 1651-136854-0024.flac
expected: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our hearts
	layer_2: i hope wh shall be smetime yeer t eah other adal a or ready wayl poring outaur heart
	layer_4: i hope we shall be sometim yur to each other and havme amoreready way o pouring out our heart
	layer_6: i hope we shall be sometime ur to each other and have a more ready way o pouring out our heart
	layer_8: i hope we shall be sometime nearerd to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_10: i hope we shall be sometimes nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_12: i hope we shall be sometime nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart

file: 1651-136854-0025.flac
expected: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_2: igreacke es benf it which one friend cen confurpon enother is to gord and excit and elevate his virtus
	layer_4: the greaterst benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevagte his virtues
	layer_6: the greater t benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to gard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_8: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to gard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_10: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to gord and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_12: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues

file: 1651-136854-0026.flac
expected: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and a death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_2: this your mother willstill peform ef yu diligently preservf the memory of her life and of her death an li uso for s i coallearn efulwise and inicent an the death resignd peceful and hory
	layer_4: this your mother will still perform if youdiligiently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a liftest o for as i canl learn uitful wise and inocent and the death resigned peaeful and horly
	layer_6: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserved the memory of her life and of her death a lifeso for as i can learn wuthfull wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_8: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lifeso far as i can learn youthfull wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_10: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn yuthful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_12: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn yuthful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy

file: 1651-136854-0027.flac
expected: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_2: i canot forgoati magontid neither weason nor revilation dini you to hope that mayin creeher happeness by abeying her precets and that she may ind her present state lok with pleasur ploan every actr vertur to which re instructions ore example have contriuted
	layer_4: a cannot forget to mation that neither reasen nor revilation dinis o to hope that shou may ncrease her happiness by obeying her precets and that she may ind her present state look with pleasure pon every actr virture to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_6: i cannot forget tomition that neither reason nor revelation denis you to hope that shou may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actor virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_8: i cannot forbe to mintion that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act or virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_10: i cannot forbear to mintion that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act orf virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_12: i cannot forbear to mintion that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act or virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed

file: 1651-136854-0028.flac
expected: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_2: if you wrige down mindyuly what you wr member of here from your arlis yers you will rbeadit with grat letinra and received from it many hins of swithing brecolluction when timec h hou remoe her yetfathe from you and you r grief sh al be  matured to venerration
	layer_4: if you write down minutly what youare member of her from your earliast years you will read it with great plesiure and receive from it many kints of sothing recolluction when timeiah owremove her yet falher from you and our grief shall be in matured to veneration
	layer_6: if you write down minutely what youre member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great plessure and receive from it many kints of sothing recollection when time shaw remove her yet father from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_8: if you write down minutely what you r member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_10: if you write down minutely what you are member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_12: if you write down minutely what you are a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration

file: 1651-136854-0029.flac
expected: no thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_2: n perthirty two on patiencs even underxtreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as at habove the rand of stocesum as the son of revolation is brigture of than the twilight of pagonif fhilosopha
	layer_4: nober thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stosysm as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophe
	layer_6: nober thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stocism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_8: nomber thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_10: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_12: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy

file: 1651-136854-0030.flac
expected: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_2: it must indeet be alowd  that the structureyvehis scentences is expandet and often has some wat of the inversion of laten and that he delited to express familiarthoughts an nphillasofica lauage being in this therereversof socritis whoit was said whul duced fuloso e to the simplicity of comman life
	layer_4: it must indeed be allowed that the structuri f his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of lattion and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts an philosophical liguage being in this the reverse of socrities who it was said wreduced phul osephe to the simplicity of common life
	layer_6: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts inn philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_8: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_10: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_12: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life

file: 1651-136854-0031.flac
expected: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_2: this idled scharge has been ecod from one babilar to another who hawe confounded johtsons essays with johsn's dictionary and because he fhoughtege rigty in a luxs accalnof aur language do cluct many words which had follen inter disuse but were supported by gratathorities mit is bet imagioneda that  all of theese have been intoovin into his own compositions
	layer_4: this idled charge has been echoed from one babbyler to another who how confounded johnson' essais with johnson's dictionary and because he thoughtit wright in a luxa con of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by greatauthorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intowoven into his own compositions
	layer_6: this idle charge has been echoed from one babeler to another who have confounded johnson's essas with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in eluxicon of our language to colluct many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been into  oven into his own compositions
	layer_8: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbeller to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intewoven into his own compositions
	layer_10: this idle charge has been echoed from one babeller to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_12: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbeler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions

file: 1651-136854-0032.flac
expected: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade
	layer_2: their stiles differs plain coth and broead
	layer_4: their styles differs playin cloth and broeuade
	layer_6: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_8: their styles differ as plaincloth and brokeade
	layer_10: their styles differ as plaincloth and brokcade
	layer_12: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade

file: 7601-101619-0000.flac
expected: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_2: hourxtremis pleasure has some sort of growning an complating init would u not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_4: ourkxtremis pleasure has some sort of groaning and compliting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_6: our extremous pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaning in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_8: our extremast pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_10: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_12: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain

file: 7601-101619-0001.flac
expected: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitas se nisi temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_2: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mary ipsa ferlyicitos say thisatemperout premite even fuolicity andles it moderateetself appresses
	layer_4: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the marry ips a pelicatos say ness etemperot premite even felicity unless it moderateedself oppresses
	layer_6: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitos say niscy temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_8: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicuitos say nissy temperot premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_10: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsafelicitas say nissy temperot premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_12: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsafhelicitas say nissy temperot premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses

file: 7601-101619-0002.flac
expected: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodorus said that in sorrow there is some mixture of pleasure
	layer_2: socrity says that some god tried to mik in one mas and o confound pain and plasur but not being able to do it he bethought him it leastd to couple them by the tale meter door said that insoro thers somemixur of plaur
	layer_4: socretye says that some god tried to mix in one mass and a confound pain and plasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the taile metradoor said that in sorrow their some mixure of pleasure
	layer_6: socrate says that some god tried to mix in one mass and a confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tal metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_8: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and a confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_10: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and o confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_12: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure

file: 7601-101619-0003.flac
expected: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_2: matyure discoversisconfusen to us painters hol that the same motions and grmises of the face that serv for weeping sir forlaughter too and endeed before the one of the other be finishd du but observed the panters manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the designe tens and the xtrem of laughter does it last bringtears
	layer_4: nature discovers tis confusion to us painters hole that the same motions and grimases of the face that serve for weeping sere for laughter too and indeed before the one of the other be finished du but observe the painters manner of handling and you will be endoubt to which of the two the design tens and the extrem of laughter does it last bring tears
	layer_6: nature discovers this confusion to us painters whole that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tens and the extreme of laughter does it last bring tears
	layer_8: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's whold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the designed tends and the extreme of laughter does it last bring tears
	layer_10: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does it last bring tears
	layer_12: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does it last bring tears

file: 7601-101619-0004.flac
expected: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_2: and therefore common anless speculitiv souls ar found o be more proper for and moresuccessful in the management of affairs and the elevated an ex quisit apinians of philosehy unfit for business thi sharp ve vasity ofs soul and the supple and restless vollubility attending it disterborn a gociations
	layer_4: and therefore common andless speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vevacity of soul and the supple andrestless volubility attending it disturbonagotiations
	layer_6: and therefore common andless speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturbarn egotiations
	layer_8: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturborn egotiations
	layer_10: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb on negotiations
	layer_12: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb on negotiations

file: 7601-101619-0005.flac
expected: he who dives into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_2: he who dis into and in his inquusition comperhens all circumstances and consequences hinders his lection a littlengs in well mandale iss sufficient frcecutions whether of less or breater wite
	layer_4: he who disin to and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engin well handle this sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weiht
	layer_6: he who dis into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled this sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_8: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_10: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handle is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_12: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight

file: 7601-291468-0000.flac
expected: when the lofty thucydides is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_2: when the loftyth thoug sidies is about to itter aupon hhis description of the plag that desolyted athens wone of his modern commintators essurce the reader that the histr as now going to be exceedingly soemn seriouce and pathetic and hins withat air ofe chucpling gratulation with which a good dain drawse fortha hoice morsal fom a coubered to were galae favourit that this plag will give his history amosta greeable voriety
	layer_4: when the lofty thugcidities is about to entterupon his description of the pleg that desollated athens one of his modern commentators assurece the reader that the historyi is now going to be exceedingly solem seriouce and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gretulation with which a good dame draws forth e choice morseal from a cupbard to eregale offavourite that this plagu will give his history emost agreeable variety
	layer_6: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assurece the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solem serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to erigale af favourite that this plagu will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_8: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_10: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_12: when the lofty thucidites is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety

file: 7601-291468-0001.flac
expected: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_2: sufhtof the tro subjects for the hi storic pen
	layer_4: such of the truh subjects for the istoric pen
	layer_6: such orf the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_8: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_10: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_12: such are the true subjects for the historic pen

file: 7601-291468-0002.flac
expected: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_2: the fol of vempars the desolation of happy countries splended cities smuoking in thir ruans the prodised works of oart tumbled in hedust the sreks and grons of hole nations assending undo heaven
	layer_4: the foll of empirs the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the prodist works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of hole nations ascending undo heaven
	layer_6: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_8: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_10: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_12: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven

file: 7601-291468-0003.flac
expected: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_2: thus thos swurms of flis which ar so of an execrated is useless verman ar creaded for th sustenceaspiders and spiters on the other hand are everdently made to divour flis
	layer_4: thus those swarms of flies which are so off an execrated as useless verman are created for the sustinate o spiders and spiters on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_6: thus those swarms of flies which are so offten execrated as useless verman are created for the sustenaes of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_8: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_10: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_12: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies

file: 7601-291468-0004.flac
expected: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nouns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apophthegms which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_2: ancet trditions speak much  his learning and of the gallent inrods he had mad indo the dead languages in which he had made captive o host of greeak nowns and laton verbs and brought off wrich booty in ancen sos and apothigoms which he was want to perad in his publi corrangs as a triumfit general of yr his spollia upima
	layer_4: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroades he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and laton verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and a pothigems which he was want to paraede in his public orrangs as a triumphrt general of your his spolia upima
	layer_6: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothagems which he was wont to parade in his public horangs as a triumphant general of yor his spolia opima
	layer_8: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knons and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegems which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_10: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knouwns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegems which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_12: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegems which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima

file: 7601-291468-0005.flac
expected: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_2: it was abserved hoever that he sldom got into an arument without getty into a perplexity and then indo a pasion with his ad rsary for not bein convinced gratis
	layer_4: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his advesary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_6: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_8: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_10: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_12: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus

file: 7601-291468-0006.flac
expected: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_2: heeis aboed which he had fixed at a bowry or countryceat ant asshort distance from the city just at what is nowcaled duch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingunuity patnt smok jaks that requaired a horse to work them detch ovens that rosted meet without fire carts that went before the horses whether cocks that turned against the wind an other wrong hedded couontrivadses that a stonished ind con foundeed all beholders
	layer_4: hi is aboed which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called duch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity pattent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses whether coks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed couontrivadces that astonished in confounded all beholders
	layer_6: he is abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks thit required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_8: his aboe which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_10: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_12: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders

file: 7601-291468-0007.flac
expected: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_2: it is inaknowlege as in swiming he who flounders and splices on the surface mixe moure nois in attrac more tension than the purled iver who quietly diesin quest of trasues to the bottom
	layer_4: it is inknowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splaches on the surface mixe more noise an attracks more attension than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of trasures to the bottom
	layer_6: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes moore noise and attractsmore attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_8: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_10: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_12: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom

file: 7601-101622-0000.flac
expected: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_2: the roman's by thes means arected their colonies for puroceiving their city to gro immasurably populois they eas t it of the most unnecessarypeople and sen om to him habit and cultivate teland's conquered by them sometomsj also they perposely maintain wars with some of their anemies not only to keep their own man aaction for fere lest idlemes the mother of corruption should bring upon them someworse in conveennce
	layer_4: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they easd it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to imhabit and cultivate the land's conquered by them sometims also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men anaction for fear lesst idleness the mother of corruption should brang upon them some worse inconvenients
	layer_6: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to imhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintaind wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men inaction for feare lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_8: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_10: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_12: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience

file: 7601-101622-0001.flac
expected: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_2: and we suffer they ls of along peace luxdrous more pronisious than mwr
	layer_4: and we suffer the ils of a long pece luxuri as more prnicious than war
	layer_6: and we suffer the ills of a long pece luxury is more penicious than war
	layer_8: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_10: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_12: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war

file: 7601-101622-0002.flac
expected: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_2: and thes also was oneresin whyor king fillop consented to cend his sun jown ubon a fornexbedition that he might take along with hem a great number of hot youlng men who eret then in his pay
	layer_4: and this also was one reason whyi or king phillip consented to send his son john upon a forean expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_6: and this also was one reason why oure king philip consented to send his son john upon a foregn expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_8: and this also was one reason why ore king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_10: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_12: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay

file: 7601-101622-0003.flac
expected: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_2: what other en  as the impiuseartorf the gladiators poror poseto itself what the slaugter of young men what plasure fed with bloda
	layer_4: what other end as the impious art of the glad iators proposed to itself what the slaughter of young men what plasure fed with blod
	layer_6: what other end dos the impious art of the gladiators proposed to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_8: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_10: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_12: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood

file: 7601-101622-0004.flac
expected: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_2: prince take ty honers delad for thi rain and be successor to thi fathers hence forth let nonit rombyslanfors portd
	layer_4: prince take the honurs delad for thy rain and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none it rombeslanvforsport
	layer_6: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none it rom be slain frsport
	layer_8: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_10: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_12: prince take the honors delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport

file: 7601-101622-0005.flac
expected: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_2: let beasts blod stang ly infuaserina and no more homasides be theireatind
	layer_4: let beasts blood stain the infulouserina and no more homasides be their actad
	layer_6: let beasts blood stain the infalouserina and no more homicsides be ther acted
	layer_8: let beasts blood stain the infaous arena and no more homicides be theire acted
	layer_10: let beasts blood stain the infaous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_12: let beasts blood stain the infaous arena and no more homicides be there acted

file: 7601-101622-0006.flac
expected: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_2: it was not enoughfr thernafight and dodi bravely but ceurfully too in so much that they were hist and cursd if the made any hisotation about receiving their death
	layer_4: it was not enough for themn ofight and ta dibravely but ceerfully too in so much that they were hised and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_6: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too inso much that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_8: it was not enough for them to figt and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_10: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_12: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death

file: 7601-101622-0007.flac
expected: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_2: the veary girls themseles seft thim on
	layer_4: they very girls themselvs set them on
	layer_6: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_8: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_10: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_12: the very girls themselves set them on

file: 7601-175351-0000.flac
expected: beginning of revolt
	layer_2: the ginning of revolt
	layer_4: the ginning of revolt
	layer_6: bhe ginning of revolt
	layer_8: beginning of revolt
	layer_10: beginning of revolt
	layer_12: beginning of revolt

file: 7601-175351-0001.flac
expected: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_2: at this unexpected comoaund thi suprise was great un board the foard
	layer_4: at this unexpected commaund thi surprice was grat  on board the florward
	layer_6: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the florward
	layer_8: at this unexpected command thes surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_10: at this unexpected command this surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_12: at this unexpected command this surprise was great on board the forward

file: 7601-175351-0002.flac
expected: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_2: likte the firs exclaime son
	layer_4: lighte the fires exclim sue
	layer_6: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_8: light the fires exclaimd some
	layer_10: light the fires exclaimd some
	layer_12: light the fires exclaimd some

file: 7601-175351-0003.flac
expected: what with asked others
	layer_2: hat  wish asketontens
	layer_4: whart with asked ondongs
	layer_6: hort with ashed ondone
	layer_8: hart with askhed dundange
	layer_10: what with asked dundane
	layer_12: what with asked dundange

file: 7601-175351-0004.flac
expected: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_2: and stuff ther stive with the masts ed an warn
	layer_4: and stuffed the stowved with the masts ed an waran
	layer_6: and stuffed the stove with the masts ed and woren
	layer_8: and stuffed the stove with the masts end and warren
	layer_10: and stuffed the stove with the masts ed and warren
	layer_12: and stuffed the stove with the masts ed and warren

file: 7601-175351-0005.flac
expected: did you hear me
	layer_2: did you heime
	layer_4: did you he me
	layer_6: did you hil me
	layer_8: did you hear me
	layer_10: did you hear me
	layer_12: did you hear me

file: 7601-175351-0006.flac
expected: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_2: whosbok cried haterus
	layer_4: who s poke crind hatorus
	layer_6: who spoke cried hatterus
	layer_8: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_10: who spoke cried hatterus
	layer_12: who spoke cried hatterus

file: 7601-175351-0007.flac
expected: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_2: i diad said pen advancigng toward s teccaptain
	layer_4: i did said pen advancingn towards the captain
	layer_6: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_8: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_10: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_12: i did said pen advancing towards the captain

file: 7601-175351-0008.flac
expected: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_2: i say answered pen with inoth i say we've had nnogh of it and we won't go any further
	layer_4: i say answered pen with in oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_6: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_8: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_10: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_12: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further

file: 7601-175351-0009.flac
expected: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_2: you shent kilosh with hunger an work in the witer and they shanp lighte the firs
	layer_4: you shan't killus with hunger and work in the witer and they chant light the fires
	layer_6: you shan't killos with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_8: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_10: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they sha'n't light the fires
	layer_12: you sha'n't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they sha'n't light the fires

file: 7601-175351-0010.flac
expected: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_2: if you r peate what the man says answered hatterus i'l have you sha up bin yur cabin and gardend
	layer_4: if you repeat what the man says answered hatterus i'll have you shur op in your cabin and garded
	layer_6: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_8: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guardend
	layer_10: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_12: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded

file: 7601-175351-0011.flac
expected: a murmur was heard
	layer_2: a mermorwars hard
	layer_4: a marmur was heard
	layer_6: a murmur was heard
	layer_8: a murmur was heard
	layer_10: a murmur was heard
	layer_12: a murmur was heard

file: 7601-175351-0012.flac
expected: the engineer followed by plover and warren went down to his post
	layer_2: seanginar followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_4: seengeneer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_6: she engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_8: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_10: the engineer followed by plover and warn went down to his post
	layer_12: the engineer followed by plover and warn went down to his post

file: 7601-175351-0013.flac
expected: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_2: the steeme was soon got up the ancrs were wayd and the forward vered away east cutting the yungeyce with her steeale prow
	layer_4: the steam was soon got up the anchers were waid and the forward vired away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_6: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weiged and the forward vered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_8: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_10: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_12: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow

file: 7601-175351-0014.flac
expected: between baring island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_2: between bearing asland and beathure point theire ar ea consideable contity oislans in the midst of ice feels the streams crowed ogether in tha little chanels which cut upthis part of the sea they had attended sy to a glomerate under the realtively low t emperture homocks were formd yre an there and these masses already more compackd dencer and closere together would soon form an impenetrable mas
	layer_4: between baring island and beacher point there area considerable quantity of islands in the midst of icefields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendancy to a glomerate under the relatively low temperture homocks were formed here ind there and these masses already more compaced denser and closer together would soonform and impenetrable mass
	layer_6: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a ttendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature humocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_8: between bearing island and beecher point there are considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_10: between bearing island and beecher point there are considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_12: between bearing island and beecher point there are considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass

file: 7601-175351-0015.flac
expected: i am beginning not to answered wall
	layer_2: i' beginna not to and swered wall
	layer_4: i'm beginna not to answered wall
	layer_6: i'm begin a not to answered wall
	layer_8: i'm beginning not to answered wall
	layer_10: i'm beginning knot to answered wall
	layer_12: i'm beginning knot to answered wall

file: 7601-175351-0016.flac
expected: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_2: hatteris still hope to find and open sea beyon the sevenly sofe th paralel as ser edwared bulture had done
	layer_4: hatterus still hope to find and open sea beyond the seventlycs of at peralel as sir edward belter had done
	layer_6: hateras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventycesofeth parallel as sir edward belchur had done
	layer_8: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_10: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_12: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done

file: 7601-175351-0017.flac
expected: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal
	layer_2: ought he to treat theseaccounsces aporapul
	layer_4: ought he to trat these accounces a pocriful
	layer_6: ought he to treat these accounces apocriful
	layer_8: ought he to treat these accouncas apokeryful
	layer_10: ought he to treat these accounts as a pocrypul
	layer_12: ought he to treat these accounts as a pocrypul

file: 7601-175351-0018.flac
expected: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_2: the next day the son set for the first toime anding thus the long series of days with twenty for hours an them
	layer_4: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_6: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_8: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_10: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_12: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them

file: 7601-175351-0019.flac
expected: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_2: the men had ended by getting a custome to the continul day light but it had never maide any difference to the animals the green londogs ent to their rest at their accustom dour and dicks sloppt as regulaly every vening as tho darkness had covered the sky
	layer_4: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenlandogs went to their rest at their arccustomed hour and dick slopptd as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_6: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slepet as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_8: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_10: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_12: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky

file: 7601-175351-0020.flac
expected: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_2: the doctor by followin jahnsons addvice accustimed himself to support the low timberater he almost always stayede on deck raving they cold the wind and he snow
	layer_4: the doctor by following johnsons advice accustomed himself to supporth he low temberture he almost always stayed on deck raving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_6: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck raving the cold the wind and te snow
	layer_8: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_10: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always staiyed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_12: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow

file: 7601-175351-0021.flac
expected: there's more than one amongst us who would like to imitate them i think
	layer_2: there 's more than one amongstas howoald like to an imitate tha my think
	layer_4: there is more than one among stus who would like to an imitate thatm mi think
	layer_6: there is more than one among stus who would like to and imitate than i think
	layer_8: there is more than one amongstush who would like to and imitate tham i think
	layer_10: there is more than one amongst us who would like to and imitate them i think
	layer_12: there is more than one amongst us who would like to and imitate them i think

file: 7601-175351-0022.flac
expected: they are cowards mister clawbonny those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_2: they are cowars mister clau bone tho eenimal s had no provisions as we have and or r blids to seek ther food werd is to be found
	layer_4: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals had no provisions as we have and our oblige to seek their food were idis to be found
	layer_6: they are cowards mister clawbony those animals have no provisions as we have and are oblige to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_8: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_10: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_12: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found

file: 7601-175351-0023.flac
expected: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_2: you hope that hateris will sixcee then
	layer_4: you hope that hatterus will succeed then
	layer_6: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_8: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_10: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_12: you hope that hatteras will succeed then

file: 7601-175351-0024.flac
expected: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_2: he certainly will mister clalbony
	layer_4: he certainly will mister clalbonye
	layer_6: he certainly will mister clawbomy
	layer_8: he certainly will mister clawbumny
	layer_10: he certainly will mister clawbalny
	layer_12: he certainly will mister clawbalny

file: 7601-175351-0025.flac
expected: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_2: i of the same a pinioan as youw johnson and iffeeonly wanted one faithful combaion he'l have too
	layer_4: im of the same opinion as you johnson and if ee only wantered one faithful combanion he'll have too
	layer_6: i am ofe the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_8: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_10: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_12: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two

file: 7601-175351-0026.flac
expected: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinnell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_2: prince elberd land which the forward was then costing bers also the name of greno land and though hatteris from his hatred to the ancies would never collt by itsumercanname it is the ont at generly gos by
	layer_4: princ elbert land which the forward was then coasting bers also the name of grinel land and though hatterus from his hatred to the ances would niver call it by its american name it is the wone it generally goesboy
	layer_6: prince albert land which the forward was then coastin bears also the name of grenel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the onead generally goes by
	layer_8: prince albertland which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenel land and though hatterus from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_10: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_12: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by

file: 7601-175351-0027.flac
expected: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_2: on the eighteent of agus they sigted bretonny amountain scarcely visible thrugh the mist and the forward waigd ancord the netday innorthumberlan bay
	layer_4: on the eighteenth of augus they cigted bratany a mountain skarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighd anchor the next day in nor thumberlan bay
	layer_6: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberlan bay
	layer_8: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_10: on the eighteenth of august they sighted brittania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_12: on the eighteenth of august they sighted brittania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay

file: 7641-96684-0000.flac
expected: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men
	layer_2: nd dasam mortal a polow socpto erm his bread a monthst men
	layer_4: and az mortal a polo sok to ermn his bread amonst men
	layer_6: and as a mortal apollo sock to erm his bread a monst men
	layer_8: and as a mortal apollo socked to urn his bread amonst men
	layer_10: and as a mortal apollo socked to ern his bread amonst man
	layer_12: and as a mortal apollo socked to ern his bread amonst man

file: 7641-96684-0001.flac
expected: afterward people wondered at admetus's ever smiling face and ever radiant being
	layer_2: afterward people wonderedot ad medises ever smiling face an everadingt beng
	layer_4: afterward people wondered atad medices ever smiling face and ever rading ben
	layer_6: afterward people wondered at ad medaces ever smiling face and everating bean
	layer_8: afterward people wondered at at medacis ever smiling face and evarating bem
	layer_10: afterward people wondered at atmedacies ever smiling face and everading bean
	layer_12: afterward people wandered at atmedacies ever smiling face and everrading bean

file: 7641-96684-0002.flac
expected: that was before admetus sailed on the argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_2: that was before ad meteurs saile on h argo with gacen and the cmpanins of the quest
	layer_4: that was before admedos sailed on he argo with jason and the companiongs of the quest
	layer_6: that was before atmedu sailed on h argo withjason and the companions of the quest
	layer_8: that was before at medue sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_10: that was before ad medu sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_12: that was before ad medu sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest

file: 7641-96684-0003.flac
expected: thereafter admetus having the love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_2: thereafter ad meadus having love of alcestice was even morehappy than he had been before
	layer_4: thereafter at meadus having love of alchestise was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_6: thereafter atmeadus having love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_8: thereafter at medus having love of alchestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_10: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_12: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before

file: 7641-96684-0004.flac
expected: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_2: a radiant fhigur it was and ad matter s new that dhisaws a polo come t m again
	layer_4: a radiant figure it was and ad medtis knew that dis was a polo come to him again
	layer_6: a radiant figure it was and admedast knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_8: a radiant figure it was and ad medtas knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_10: a radiant figure it was and admeas knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_12: a radiant figure it was and admedas knew that this was apollo come to him again

file: 7641-96684-0005.flac
expected: but apollo turned to admetus a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but apolow turned to admeaduce o facte thot was without jdoy
	layer_4: but apollo turn to admedits a face that was without joy
	layer_6: but apollo turned to admedacs a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but apollo turned to admetace a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but apollo turned to admetac a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but apollo turned to admetuc a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0006.flac
expected: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admetus
	layer_2: what yous of happin ess have been mi no polo thrugh your friendship for me said ned mettuce
	layer_4: what youse of happiness have been min kno polo through your friend ship for me said nedmedice
	layer_6: what yous haf happiness have been min o pollo through your friendship for me said nadmedac
	layer_8: what yeus of happiness have been mine opollo through your friendship for me said ned medac
	layer_10: what years of happiness have been mine old pollo through your friendship for me said ned medac
	layer_12: what years of happiness have been mine ol pollo through your friendship for me said ned medac

file: 7641-96684-0007.flac
expected: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but still a polo stood befortem with a faseotwas without jroy
	layer_4: but still a paulow stood beforhm with a face thawas without jroy
	layer_6: but still apaullo stood befor him with a face that was without jroy
	layer_8: but still apolo stood before him with a face that was without jroy
	layer_10: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but still apoulo stood before him with a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0008.flac
expected: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetus
	layer_2: he spoke and his voice was not tha clear anvibrent voice that he had once in speaking to rd metice
	layer_4: he spoke in his voice was not that clear anviborant voice that he had once in speaking to ad medice
	layer_6: he spoke in his voice was not that clear in vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to edmedace
	layer_8: he spoke an his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to her medace
	layer_10: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he at once in speaking to her medace
	layer_12: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he at once in speaking to her medace

file: 7641-96684-0009.flac
expected: admetus admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_2: ad majuce ad metis he said it is froreme  to tell you that u may no more lookon the blu skyon or walk upon the greenerth
	layer_4: admedics a medics he said it is from mey to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the greenearth
	layer_6: admedice admeduc he said it is fror me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_8: admetic admetics he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_10: admetucs admetis he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_12: admetus admetis he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth

file: 7641-96684-0010.flac
expected: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to him admetus admetus know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_2: it is  me to tell you that the gad of the underwol dt wel hae you come tremad mutuce and metuce now that even now the god of thunderld is sending deathfor you
	layer_4: it is o me to tell you that the god of the underwa t will have you come to a mad madis and medice know that even now the god of thunderwald is sending death for you
	layer_6: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underward will have you come to a madmedis and medice know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_8: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a madmedis and medace know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_10: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a madmedus and menac know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_12: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a madmedus and menac know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you

file: 7641-96684-0011.flac
expected: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetus
	layer_2: if one will go willing le  an thy place with death thou can' still live on go ad metics
	layer_4: if one will go willingly and thy place with death thou can't still live on go ad medis
	layer_6: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou can't still live on go admedic
	layer_8: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go ad medic
	layer_10: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admedic
	layer_12: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admedic

file: 7641-96684-0012.flac
expected: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grinding corn between two stones
	layer_2: and then he came pon ancient woman whoh sat upontstirons in the courtard gbrinin carn betweeng two stones
	layer_4: and then he came pona ancient woman who sat upon stoens in the curtyard grynnan corn betweeing two stones
	layer_6: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stoins in the courtyard grynnon corn between two stones
	layer_8: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stons in the courtyard grynddin corn between two stones
	layer_10: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stons in the courtyard gryn dnin corn between two stones
	layer_12: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard gryndin corn between two stones

file: 7641-96684-0013.flac
expected: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_2: there she was signn as he had first no er with hr eyes bleerd under mes shakined and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the qorn an r matidtair
	layer_4: there she was sidgn as he had first noer with her eyes blird anderines shakingd and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in ermated er
	layer_6: there she was syden as he had first notere with her eyes blerd and ernys shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn an her maded hair
	layer_8: there she was siden as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and hergne shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her matded hair
	layer_10: there she was sidtin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her ne shaking and with the dust of the courtyard ande husks of the corn and her madded hair
	layer_12: there she was siddin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her ne shaking and with the dust of the courtyard andhe husks of the corn and her madded hair

file: 7641-96684-0014.flac
expected: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the king and go with death
	layer_2: he went tooer and spoked huer and he aster to take the placeof the ken and gowith death
	layer_4: he went toer and spoke toer and he aster to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_6: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_8: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goweth death
	layer_10: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goeth death
	layer_12: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goeth death

file: 7641-96684-0015.flac
expected: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_2: but when she heard the name of deth hora came into th face of t ancire woman and she cried out that she would not let detht come near her
	layer_4: but when she heard the name of death hor came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_6: but when she heard the name of death horr came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_8: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_10: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_12: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her

file: 7641-96684-0016.flac
expected: admetus took the man's shriveled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and go with death that was coming for him
	layer_2: atd metis stok le man' shievwild hand and the ashim if yeu would not take the king's place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_4: ad medisestook the man's shirveled hand and the asked thim if you would not take the king's place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_6: ad medise took the man shirveled hand and he asked him if you would not take the ken's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_8: ad medics took the man' shivelled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_10: admedis took the man's shiveled hand and he asked him if yu would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_12: admenus took the man's shivelled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him

file: 7641-96684-0017.flac
expected: then admetus went into the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the underworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones around the palace would take his place
	layer_2: then admendice wintin to the powlace and into the chamblors bedwas and he lay down upon tha bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death thot was comm ond for him  from the god of lundl world and he lemented that none of the rechred ones roun h pouse woured take his place
	layer_4: then admedice wint in to the paace and into the chambrworis bedwas and e lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was comean for him from the god of lande world and he lemented that none of the wreched ones round te pouse would take his place
	layer_6: then admeducs went into the palace and into the chamberweres bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of lander world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round he pauce would take his place
	layer_8: then admedus went in to the palace and into the chamberwer's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of lande world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round he palace would take his place
	layer_10: then admedus went into the palace and into the chamberwere's bedwas and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landerworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place
	layer_12: then admedus went into the palace and into the chamberwere's bedwas and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landerworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place

file: 7641-96684-0018.flac
expected: one should go in your place for you are the king and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_2: one should go orn your place for you are the kin and have many grea to fairsto attentyou
	layer_4: one should go on your place for you are the kine and have many great affair sto attento
	layer_6: one should go on your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_8: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend yo
	layer_10: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_12: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to

file: 7641-96684-0019.flac
expected: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_2: now the fotsteps seemed to stop
	layer_4: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_6: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_8: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_10: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_12: now the footsteps seemed to stop

file: 7641-96684-0020.flac
expected: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_2: it was not so taribl for him as before
	layer_4: it was not so terrile for him as before
	layer_6: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_8: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_10: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_12: it was not so terrible for him as before

file: 7641-96684-0021.flac
expected: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_2: and the words he had spokeen he would have taken back the word sa ad brought her consent to go with ddeath in his place
	layer_4: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the wordstha ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_6: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words the had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_8: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_10: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_12: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place

file: 7641-96684-0022.flac
expected: death would soon be here for her
	layer_2: deth the wod soen behere for her
	layer_4: deathte wood sein behear for her
	layer_6: death would soon be here for her
	layer_8: death would soon be here for her
	layer_10: death would soon be here for her
	layer_12: death would soon be here for her

file: 7641-96684-0023.flac
expected: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace
	layer_2: kno not her for yheu would not have deth come into the pouse
	layer_4: kno not here for he would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_6: no not here for he would not have death come into the pause
	layer_8: no not here for he would not have death come into the pauce
	layer_10: no not here for he would not have death come into the pauce
	layer_12: no not here for he would not have death come into the pauce

file: 7641-96684-0024.flac
expected: he lifted alcestis from the bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_2: he liftid al cust his frong bed and ecarried er from the puace
	layer_4: he lifted olcestis tfrong bed and e carrieder from the palace
	layer_6: he lifted aukestas throng bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_8: he lifted aucestus throng bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_10: he lifted aucestus trong bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_12: he lifted aucestus throng bed and he carried her from the palace

file: 7641-96684-0025.flac
expected: no more speech came from her
	layer_2: nomar spech came from here
	layer_4: no mawr speech came from her
	layer_6: no mar speech came from her
	layer_8: no more's speech came from her
	layer_10: no more speech came from her
	layer_12: no more speech came from her

file: 7641-96684-0026.flac
expected: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestis had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_2: and as for ad meaders he went withind the thamber an knolt besidete bed on whicshall ckest is sadlain and thoughpt of his starible loss
	layer_4: and as for ad meaters he went within the chamber and knelt besidethe bed on which all cestis sadlaine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_6: and as for admedars he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which all castus had lane and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_8: and as for admetaus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alchestus had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_10: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alchestus had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_12: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alchestus had lain and thought of his terrible loss

file: 7641-96684-0027.flac
expected: to what god is that sacrifice due
	layer_2: to what gard dis that sacf ycsdoo
	layer_4: to what god as that sacfics du
	layer_6: to what god dis that sacfice do
	layer_8: to what god does that sacrfice do
	layer_10: to what god does that sacrifice do
	layer_12: to what god does that sacrifice do

file: 7641-96684-0028.flac
expected: and then heracles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_2: and then rokles felt that knoter labour was before him
	layer_4: and then broclys felt that nother labor was before him
	layer_6: and then hrocles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_8: and then hracclys felt that another labour was before him
	layer_10: and then horaclys felt that another labour was before him
	layer_12: and then horacles felt that another labour was before him

file: 7641-96684-0029.flac
expected: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_2: i have draged op from the undrrold he thought the hound tha guards lows whom dethperean souwn inteo the ralunm of the gad of thundrwald
	layer_4: i have dragged up from the undworld he thought the hound tha guards lowse whom deathbriene sownd into the ralm of the god of the underwald
	layer_6: i have dragged up from the undeworld he thought the hound that guards lhos whom death bereng sown into the realm of the god of the underwold
	layer_8: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death bren sound into the realm of the god of the underwold
	layer_10: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death breengs sound into the realm of the god of the underwold
	layer_12: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death breengs sound into the realm of the god of the underwold

file: 7641-96684-0030.flac
expected: why should i not strive with death
	layer_2: why shouldi not strive with death
	layer_4: why shold i not strive with death
	layer_6: why should i not strive with death
	layer_8: why should i not strive with death
	layer_10: why should i not strive with death
	layer_12: why should i not strive with death

file: 7641-96684-0031.flac
expected: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_2: and wade e noble fhan it would beto bring back this faithful woman to er house and to here husband
	layer_4: and wante e noble thin it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_6: and want a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_8: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_10: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_12: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband

file: 7641-96684-0032.flac
expected: he left the palace of admetus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_2: he left the palce of ead madeus and he wintolthe temple of the gods
	layer_4: he left the palace of ad maduce and he went to the tample of the gods
	layer_6: he left the palace of atmeaducs and he went to the tample of the gods
	layer_8: he left the palace of edmedus and he went to the tampel of the gods
	layer_10: he left the palace of ed merous and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_12: he left the palace of ed merous and he went to the temple of the gods

file: 7641-96684-0033.flac
expected: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_2: you are held by me deth and you will not be let go ind less you promisedtor go forth from the stample without bringing one with you
	layer_4: you are held by me death and you will not be let go enless you promise to go forth from thi stample without bringing one with you
	layer_6: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without bringing one with you
	layer_8: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without bringing one with you
	layer_10: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this sample without bringing one with you
	layer_12: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this sample without bringing one with you

file: 7641-96684-0034.flac
expected: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_2: and death knoing that herracles could hold him there and tat the business omf the gad of monder wlsd would be left one done if yoe wre held promise that he rad leaved the temple withoutbren one withhimg
	layer_4: and death knowing that haracklese could hold him there and that the business of the god of munderward would be left on done if he were held promise that he wourd leave the temple withoutbrene one with him
	layer_6: and death knowing that haracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerward would be left un done if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without brin one with him
	layer_8: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of launderworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringig one with him
	layer_10: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of thaunderword would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_12: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of thunderword would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him

file: 7641-96684-0035.flac
expected: she was veiled and admetus could not see her features
	layer_2: she was viled an hadmeadice could not see her features
	layer_4: she was vailed and admedice could not see her fuatures
	layer_6: she was vailed and admedace could not see her features
	layer_8: she was veiled and admetace could not see her features
	layer_10: she was veiled and ametace could not see her features
	layer_12: she was veiled and ametaced could not see her features

file: 7641-96684-0036.flac
expected: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_2: her is a wlman who mi am breang back to er husbmand i wone her from anenemy
	layer_4: here is a woman whom i am brin back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_6: here is a woman whom i am brin back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_8: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_10: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_12: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy

file: 7641-96684-0037.flac
expected: this i cannot do said admetus i have had pangs enough
	layer_2: this i cannot do saidered meduc a've had pains anough
	layer_4: this i cannot do said ud medice i've had paigns enough
	layer_6: this i cannot do said medics i've had pains enough
	layer_8: this i cannot do said medice i've had pains enough
	layer_10: this i cannot do sayd  medice i've had pains enough
	layer_12: this i cannot do says medice i've had pains enough

file: 7641-96684-0038.flac
expected: then admetus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house
	layer_2: then at meatter sraised the vail of the woman he had taken cross of the thir shoud of his houts
	layer_4: then at meadows raised the vail of the woman he had taken across o the thir shouldr of his houts
	layer_6: then at meados raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thirshoulder of his hous
	layer_8: then at medos raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thirstsholder of his house
	layer_10: then at medous raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thrirsholder of his house
	layer_12: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshshoulder of his house

file: 7641-96252-0000.flac
expected: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_2: thus whin dogmas leadit what the man rally and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_4: thus whin dogmas ledit what the man really and in general willvs remaine still the same
	layer_6: thus when dogmahs lead it what the man really and in general wills remaines still the same
	layer_8: thus when dogma's lead it what the man really and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_10: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_12: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same

file: 7641-96252-0001.flac
expected: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_2: for these are careful alnly for themselves for their own egism jut liga bandit from whom the are only disti wuish by tobserety of their means
	layer_4: for these are careful only for themselves for their own eagoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distung uished by thei obserty of their means
	layer_6: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandet from whom they are only distinguished by the obsurty of their means
	layer_8: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurity of ther means
	layer_10: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_12: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means

file: 7641-96252-0002.flac
expected: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_2: the deds and conduct a an ind ividual und ofvination maye be very much motified tho dogwas example andcustom
	layer_4: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of anation may be very much modified thogh dogwas example and custom
	layer_6: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation mayt be very much modified through dogwas example and custom
	layer_8: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogwas example and custom
	layer_10: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through doguwas example and custom
	layer_12: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogwas example and custom

file: 7641-96252-0003.flac
expected: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_2: with an equal dogree of wickeness one man may dieaon ma wal and aknother inthe bozzm of his famly
	layer_4: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wiel and another in the bozm of is family
	layer_6: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of is family
	layer_8: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of its family
	layer_10: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_12: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family

file: 7641-96252-0004.flac
expected: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_2: it is conciveable th a perfet state or perhaps inded accomplete and firmaly believe doction of ar wards and punshments after death might prevent every crime politiclyg much would begained ther vy moraly nothing one ir the expression of the will in life would be r stricted
	layer_4: it is conceiveable thya perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrone of rwards and punchments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gainedt their vy morugly nothing onlear the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_6: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punchments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gaine to their vy marally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_8: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punchments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morrally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_10: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_12: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted

file: 7641-96252-0005.flac
expected: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_2: we who yeor seek tlhe theri of virtu and have therefor aseto expresseve stracty the natr oe the kmoledge which lisat ets foundation will yet beunable to convey that nage it self in lhis sexpression
	layer_4: we who hear seek the theory of virtue and have therefore asito express ive stractly the nature of the knowledge which lieset its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knoge itself in this expression
	layer_6: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore ouso to express ebstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_8: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore oughso to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_10: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_12: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression

file: 7641-96252-0006.flac
expected: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only belongs to a fleeting and illusive phenomenon
	layer_2: he seaes hat thei estinction tbetween hmself and elers which truh the bad man as so great a goth only blane thro a fleeding and wlese of thao mam
	layer_4: he sees that the estinction between himself and otlers which tou the bad man is so great a goth only blonds thog a fleeding and loos ofe phenme mnam
	layer_6: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which tro the bad man is so great a goth only blond throgh a fleeting and loosive phenomnam
	layer_8: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which thou the bad man is so great a golth only blonds throgh a fleeting and elusive phenomenom
	layer_10: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which toug the bad man is so great a golf only blonde throgh a fleeting and elusive phenomenon
	layer_12: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which toug the bad man is so great a golf only blonde through a fleeting and elusive phenomenon

file: 7641-96252-0007.flac
expected: he recognises himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_2: herecondmizees himself his will in every ben and consiquently also in the suffer
	layer_4: he recomnises himself his will inever bean and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_6: he recognizes himself his will in ever been and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_8: he recognizes himself his will in neverbeen and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_10: he recognizes himself his will in ever been and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_12: he recognizes himself his will in ever been and consequently also in the sufferer

file: 7641-96252-0008.flac
expected: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_2: but theloers the necessary and inevered bol symptim of that knaldge
	layer_4: but the laders the necessary and eneveredable symptim of that knowledge
	layer_6: but the ladders the necessary and eevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_8: but the latter's the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_10: but the latter's the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_12: but the latter's the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge

file: 7641-96252-0009.flac
expected: the opposite of the sting of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_2: the obsid of the stane of conscience the orgn and sugnificints of whichis explaind above is e goodconsciens the ssfaction which e experience after every disinterested ded
	layer_4: the obsite of the stane of conscience the origeind and significance of whichis explained above is the good conscience the sotisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_6: the oposite of the steane of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_8: the oposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_10: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is e good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_12: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is a good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed

file: 7641-96252-0010.flac
expected: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_2: the good man lives in world af friendly indviduals the well bein a vany of rom heregardsas this own
	layer_4: the good man lives in world af friendly ind viduals the well be in avany of whom heregards as this own
	layer_6: the good man lives in world of friendly in viduals the well be in a vany of whom heregards as his own
	layer_8: the good man lives in a world of friendly inviduals the well being of vany of whom he regards as his own
	layer_10: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_12: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own

file: 7641-96252-0011.flac
expected: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make his disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serenity of disposition
	layer_2: therefore althowgh the naodge of the lot of menkin generally does not ma kods disposition adjoyfone yet the prmanene molege of is ow natur in all livin beans gives him certn evenness and aven srendy of dispisition
	layer_4: therefore although the knoge of the lot of mankind generally does not mak ids disposition adjoyforne yet the permanent kmoldge of is on nature in al liv in beans gives hom a certain evenness and aven surendy of disposition
	layer_6: therefore although the knowdge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition adjoyforn yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serendy of disposition
	layer_8: therefore although the knowedge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfolan yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serrendy of disposition
	layer_10: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfl ine yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serendy of disposition
	layer_12: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyful ine yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serendy of disposition

file: 7641-96252-0012.flac
expected: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_2: for theinterest which is extended t i numerballd m infystations cannot cause suchingxiety as that which his conseitrated upon one
	layer_4: for th interest which is extended to in numerabld my infastations cannot cause suchenxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_6: for the interest which is extended to innumerabald manfastations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_8: for the interest which is extended to innumerabald manfestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_10: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_12: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one

file: 7641-96252-0013.flac
expected: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalise themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_2: laxcidents which concermn ind viduals clectively equalise amselves wilethose which happene to the particular ind vidualf constute good or bad fortune
	layer_4: accidents which concern indviduals collectively equalis himselves while those which happened to the particular indvidual constute good or bad fortune
	layer_6: eaccidents which concern individuals collectively equalizse themselves while those which happened to the particular individual consttute good or bad fortune
	layer_8: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equaize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_10: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_12: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune

file: 7641-96252-0014.flac
expected: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no ought or law to prescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_2: thus though other's have set op moral princepls which they gve out is presciptioncs forvertu and laws which it was necessare followg i as has lry been said cannot do this because i have no out or lowg rescibe to lheturnalyde free will
	layer_4: thus though others have sed up moral princsiples which they gave out is prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessaryed follow i as has alray been said cannot do this because i have kno ougt or lawg rescribed to thereturnally free will
	layer_6: thus though others have set up moral principles which they gave out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary do follow i as has alray been said cannot do this because i have no aught or law t rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_8: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has alreay been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt rescribe to he eternallyd free will
	layer_10: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt prescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_12: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt prescribed to the eternally free will

file: 7641-96252-0015.flac
expected: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_2: forthe than this i cannot go for teurgue this no reason fromprferd ein th individuaity of molher to its own
	layer_4: forther than this it cannot go for ther exthis no reason for preferred in individuality of mother to its owne
	layer_6: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferred in te individuality of nother to its own
	layer_8: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferrend in the individuality of another to its own
	layer_10: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason preferring in the individuality of another to its own
	layer_12: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason preferring in the individuality of another to its own

file: 7641-96252-0016.flac
expected: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the regard for one's own particular well being
	layer_2: yet the number of other individuals whose whole hap nnesr life as andanger mayoutwayther gard for ones own pirticular will being
	layer_4: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happnes or life is indanger may out waither  gard for one's own particular wellbeing
	layer_6: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happeness or life is in danger may out waitheir egard for one's own particular well being
	layer_8: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwaih their guard for one's own particular well being
	layer_10: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwaigh t i r guard for one's own particular well being
	layer_12: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwaigh ai reguard for one's own particular well being

file: 7641-96252-0017.flac
expected: so died socrates and giordano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hands of the priests
	layer_2: so did socrtes angeuar domo bruno and so many hereof the truthe suffered deth aut the stake at the hand of the priet
	layer_4: so died sacrates and guardono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_6: so died socrates and gerdano bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_8: so died socrates ind girdono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_10: so died socrates ind guirrdono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_12: so died socrates in guirrdono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests

file: 7641-96252-0018.flac
expected: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_2: weping is ccordinly sympaty withar own selves or semptthe directed back on hit source
	layer_4: weping is accordinly sympathy with our on selves or symphtheedirected back on its source
	layer_6: weeping is accordinlly sympathy with our oncelves or sympthy adirected back on its source
	layer_8: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our onselves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_10: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_12: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our ownsalves or sympathy directed back on its source

file: 7641-96252-0019.flac
expected: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_2: it is therefor  conditional upon the cpast yu for loven sy pathy and alsopon oimagination
	layer_4: it is therefore conditional upon the capast yue for lov an sit pathy and also pon imagination
	layer_6: it is therefore conditional upon the capast you for love an sypathy and also pon imagination
	layer_8: it is therefore conditional upon the capastu for love and sympathy and also pon imagination
	layer_10: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_12: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination

file: 7641-96252-0020.flac
expected: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_2: when we ar move tatears nothroughour own suffering but through that of another this happen as followes
	layer_4: when we are moved to tears not through our oun suffering but through that of another this happen as follows
	layer_6: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happened as follows
	layer_8: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happened as follows
	layer_10: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happened as follows
	layer_12: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happened as follows

file: 7641-96252-0021.flac
expected: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_2: ithe we vivdly put our selves ind the place  the suffer by  magination or see ind his fate the lougt of uman dyas a whole anconsequently firs of all  oure own lot and thos on a vry roundvout way i is yet always about erselvfe stot we weep simpathy with ourselveh which we feel this seems to be the princ polrieson of the universal and tus natural weepin in thi case of death
	layer_4: either we vividly put ourselves in the place f the suffer by imagination or seein his fate the lot of human dy as a whole undconsequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round bout way it is yet always about ourselve thaght we weep sympathy with ourselve which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_6: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humandy as a whole undconsequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves thoaght we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_8: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole andconsequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves thought we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_10: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves thougt we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_12: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves thaught we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death

file: 7641-96252-0022.flac
expected: first of all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wished for deliverance
	layer_2: forso al he sertnanly weps for the fate of the dead but he als wheps win after lang heavy and in curble suffering deathwas to this man a wish for deliverence
	layer_4: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he alse weeps wein after lang heavy and incurable suffering deathwas to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_6: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he alsweep's whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_8: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps whn after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_10: fort so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_12: fort so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance

file: 7641-96670-0000.flac
expected: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_2: they were in the land thi s pepble said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_4: they were in the land thi speople said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_6: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_8: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_10: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_12: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky

file: 7641-96670-0001.flac
expected: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with king sesostris stayed in that city of aea and they taught people spells that could stay the moon in her going and coming in her rising and setting
	layer_2: and many of the maditions oregip to had come with kines shi soustrouss stad i thot cidy o vaea and they tat eopble spels tha could sta the moanenr a going and coming in arisan in setting
	layer_4: and many of the magitians of eugypt who had come with geen esaustrous stayed in that city of vaa and they taghte peopble spells tat could stay the moonerr o going and coming in arisin and setting
	layer_6: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with geen sisaustrous stayed in that citdy ovaa and they taught people spells that could stay the moounor o going and coming in a rising and setting
	layer_8: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with geened sisaustrous stayed in that city of eya and they taught people spell that could stay the moonor of going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_10: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with gene esaustrous stayed in that city of aa and they taught people' spells that could stay the moonore of going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_12: and many of the magicians of eugypt who had come with gene esaustrous stayed in that city of ea and they taught people' spells that could stay the moonor of going and coming in arising and setting

file: 7641-96670-0002.flac
expected: medea too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon
	layer_2: med iar to his wise daughter mnwot the secrets toet by those who could sway the moon
	layer_4: media to his wise daughter knew the secret's taked by those who could suay the moon
	layer_6: midia too his wise daughter knew the secrets talked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_8: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets tauked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_10: medya too his wise daughter knew the secrets tauked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_12: medya too his wise daughter knew the secrets tauket by those who could sway the moon

file: 7641-96670-0003.flac
expected: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_2: for jacin was ta gran sonn of crathious and cretious was thebrother of ta thamas their grandfater
	layer_4: for jason was the gran son of cratheus and cratheus was the brother of athamise their grandfather
	layer_6: for jason was the grand son of cratheus and cratheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_8: for jason was the grandson of crethius and crethius was the brother of ethamus their grandfather
	layer_10: for jason was the grandson of crethius and crethius was the brother of athamus their grandfather
	layer_12: for jason was the grandson of crethius and crethius was the brother of athamus their grandfather

file: 7641-96670-0004.flac
expected: jason took peleus and telamon with him
	layer_2: drasene tookplious and tlom on with him
	layer_4: drason took pelias and tel imon with him
	layer_6: jason took pellias and tel imon with him
	layer_8: jason took pellias and telimon with him
	layer_10: jason took pellias and telimon with him
	layer_12: jason took pellias and telimon with him

file: 7641-96670-0005.flac
expected: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrixus went through the city without being seen
	layer_2: as theiy came to the city a mist fell and dacen and is comrae wth the suns of frictis whinch thro the city without been seen
	layer_4: as they came to the city a miset fell and dacon and s comrades with the sons of fricis wint through the city without been seen
	layer_6: as they came to the city a mist fell and jracon and his comrades with the sons of frictzcis went through the city without beeng seen
	layer_8: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrius went through the city without being seen
	layer_10: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of pratius went through the city without being seen
	layer_12: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of pracus went through the city without being seen

file: 7641-96670-0006.flac
expected: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_2: the mis lifted and before the hers was te wonder of the palcse in the bright light of the mornine
	layer_4: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_6: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_8: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_10: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_12: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning

file: 7641-96670-0007.flac
expected: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one king a eetes lived with apsyrtus his son and in the other chalciope and medea lived with their handmaidens
	layer_2: on hex side of the cort yaurdrward t apose billings itn one keenay at i slive dith abservice his son and en te otere tcraese iopay and medyal lived th ter hand madons
	layer_4: on ecside of the courtyadowars the palse buillings itn one keen naati slived duith absurvice his son and in the other chasiope and mediea lived iter hand majons
	layer_6: on each side of the courtyard wards the palace buildings in one key naets lived with absurdist his son and in the other chauciope and media lived ith their hand majons
	layer_8: on each side of the courtyard were the palse buildings in one kee neeis lived with ebsurtist his son and in the other chaucope and medier lived with their hand maidens
	layer_10: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one ke neetis lived with absurtist his son and in the other chaucope and medie lived with their handmaidons
	layer_12: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one ke neetis lived with absurtist his son and in the other chaucope and mediel lived with their handmaidons

file: 7641-96670-0008.flac
expected: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and medea saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_2: and then adove thougtard her it was been chased by hok andd medy a saw th hockie and bek
	layer_4: and then adove thou toward her it was been chased by a hock and media saw the hokxseyes and beek
	layer_6: and then a dove tlhuw toward her it was being chased by a hawk and meia saw the hock's eyes and beak
	layer_8: and then a dove flew towards her it was being chased by a hawk and meriu saw the hack's eyes and beak
	layer_10: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metias saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_12: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metias saw the hawk's eyes and beak

file: 7641-96670-0009.flac
expected: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_2: we pulled away from that place and der after we were diven by the wins backto themouth of the fasses
	layer_4: we pouled away from that place and there after we were driven by the wins back to the mouth of the fases
	layer_6: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the wind back to the mouth of the fasis
	layer_8: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the fasis
	layer_10: we palled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the wind back to the mouth of the fracis
	layer_12: we palled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the wind back to the mouth of the fracis

file: 7641-96670-0010.flac
expected: with him there came the mightiest of the heroes of greece
	layer_2: with im theire came the mighgist of the shrs of grees
	layer_4: with him there came the midest of the shorws of greece
	layer_6: with him there came the migdest of the shaows of greese
	layer_8: with him there came the mightest of the shaows of greece
	layer_10: with him there came the mightiest of the sharows of greece
	layer_12: with him there came the mightiest of the sharows of greece

file: 7641-96670-0011.flac
expected: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sauromatae
	layer_2: already he has herd of your biterfos the sor mati
	layer_4: already he has heard of your bitter phos the sorre mati
	layer_6: already he has heard of your bitterfhoes the sorow matai
	layer_8: already he has heard of your bitterfoes the saromatai
	layer_10: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sarematai
	layer_12: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromatai

file: 7641-96670-0012.flac
expected: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_2: he with his comrad wath subdo them foryowu
	layer_4: he with his comrade wulh subde them for yo
	layer_6: he with his comrades would subdu them for you
	layer_8: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_10: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_12: he with his comrades would subdue them for you

file: 7641-96670-0013.flac
expected: a eetes's heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_2: it is heart was filled with rath as he wlooked upon them and his eyes showmesa lupper sies
	layer_4: it is heart was filled with wrath as whoe wlooked upon them and his eyes showenm as e lepbard's eyse
	layer_6: it is heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes showen as a lubard's eyes
	layer_8: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shon as e lobard's eyes
	layer_10: et his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as the leobard's eyes
	layer_12: idhis heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as the lobard's eyes

file: 7641-96670-0014.flac
expected: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_2: and then speakinto the kin in ac quite voice jasten sadr
	layer_4: and then speakinto the kin in a quiet voice jasten sad
	layer_6: and then speak ingto the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_8: and then speaking to the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_10: and then speaking to the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_12: and then speaking to the ken in a quiet voice jason said

file: 7641-96670-0015.flac
expected: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_2: his heart was devited as weher he should sommond his armed men and hae thm slain upon the spot or whether he should put the mian to gangerby the tril he would make of them
	layer_4: his heart was divided as sto whether he should summoned his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them eanto ganger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_6: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armt men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_8: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_10: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_12: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them

file: 7641-96670-0016.flac
expected: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the immortals
	layer_2: it may be that e artulthy of the ceide of theug mortals
	layer_4: it may be tha ne are truaely of the cade of the mortals
	layer_6: it may be that ye are truly of the sed of the mortals
	layer_8: it may be that you are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_10: it may be that yo are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_12: it may be that yo are truly of the seed of the mortals

file: 7641-96670-0017.flac
expected: and it may be that i shall give you the golden fleece to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_2: and it may be that i shall give you the gollmtlease to bearway after i ve may tril you
	layer_4: and it may be that i shall give you the gum plise to bar way after i have made trild you
	layer_6: and it may be that i shall give you the gulm pleace to bear way after i have made trildf you
	layer_8: and it may be that i shall give you the golm pleace to bear way after i have made tril of you
	layer_10: and it may be that i shall give you the gompleece to bear way after i have made tril of you
	layer_12: and it may be that i shall give you the gompleece to bear way after i have made tril of you

file: 7641-96670-0018.flac
expected: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_2: she entered softly and she stood awaytfron were father and thefor who wer speaking withtm
	layer_4: she entered softly and she stood away from where father and the for who were speaking with him
	layer_6: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the foure who were speaking with him
	layer_8: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_10: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_12: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him

file: 7641-96670-0019.flac
expected: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_2: she had a darkfac soas made very strange by her crown of colmn hair
	layer_4: she had a darkface sos made very strange by her crown of goln hair
	layer_6: she had a dark face thi was made very strange by her crown of oldn hair
	layer_8: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golde hair
	layer_10: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_12: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair

file: 7641-96670-0020.flac
expected: know that on the plain of ares yonder i have two fire breathing bulls with feet of brass
	layer_2: no that on the plain  arisyonder i have two fire briging bls with feet a bress
	layer_4: kno that on the plain of veris yonder i have two fivbrigang bolls with feet obreass
	layer_6: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fie briging bulls with feet abress
	layer_8: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fie brigging bulls with feet abreass
	layer_10: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fiebrigging bulls with feet abress
	layer_12: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two firebrigging bulls with feet apress

file: 7641-96670-0021.flac
expected: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_2: then i sowd the firos not with te seed that dimeter gives but with teath of a dragin
	layer_4: then i sowe the ferrogs not with teseid that demeeter gives but with teeth of a dragan
	layer_6: then i sewed the furrows not with te seed that demiter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_8: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demater gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_10: then i showed the furrows not with the seed that demater gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_12: then i showed the furrows not with the seed that demeaner gives but with teeth of a dragon

file: 7641-96670-0022.flac
expected: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_2: if you canconblishonus that i accomplishe in days gone by i shall sumityo and give you te gomfles
	layer_4: if you can complishnis that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the gon fleece
	layer_6: if you can complish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the golmnfleece
	layer_8: if you can acomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the gold fleece
	layer_10: if you can acomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the gold fleece
	layer_12: if you can acomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the gold fleece

file: 7641-96670-0023.flac
expected: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_2: but if fyou cannot to complish what i one e accomplihed you shall go for mi sity ampty handed for is not righte that a brave man should yiuld oupt to one nwh cannot show himself as brave
	layer_4: but if you cannot ccomplish what i once accomplished you shall go for my city emptehanded for t is not wright that a brave man should yield opt to one who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_6: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go for my city empty handed for t is not writ that a brave man should yield ought to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_8: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go fom my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield oupt to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_10: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aut to one who cannot shew himself as brave
	layer_12: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aut to one who cannot shew himself as brave

file: 7641-96670-0024.flac
expected: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_2: then jasen utterly confounded cast his eyes upon tegroud
	layer_4: then jason utterly confounded casts his eyes upon theground
	layer_6: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_8: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_10: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_12: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground

file: 7641-96670-0025.flac
expected: i will dare this contest monstrous as it is
	layer_2: i will dare this contest monhstresat is thegais
	layer_4: i will dare this contest mons resat is hegays
	layer_6: i will dare this contest monstrosatas the gaze
	layer_8: i will dare this contest monstrous at as the gaze
	layer_10: i will dare this contest monstrous ad as atgaze
	layer_12: i will dare this contest monstrous ad as at gaze

file: 7641-96670-0026.flac
expected: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_2: as he sentd this he sawd eyes ifmedi a grow wide as with fear
	layer_4: as he sent this he saw the eyes ommedia grow wide as with fear
	layer_6: as he seint this he saw the eyes of media grow wide as with fear
	layer_8: as he saint this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_10: as he said this he saw the eyes of metea grow wide as with fear
	layer_12: as he said this he saw the eyes of metia grow wide as with fear

file: 7641-96670-0027.flac
expected: phrontis and melas went to where their mother was
	layer_2: fromtis an mels went tower thar mother was
	layer_4: fhromtess and melse went to wer their mother was
	layer_6: prontis and mese went to where their mother was
	layer_8: prontis and mals went to where thir mother was
	layer_10: frontis and melse went to where their mother was
	layer_12: frontis and mels went to where their mother was

file: 4831-25894-0000.flac
expected: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_2: but what cannideoa so smalln stppid an shyas i am
	layer_4: but what can i do so smallan stupid and shy as i am
	layer_6: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_8: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_10: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_12: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am

file: 4831-25894-0001.flac
expected: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_2: i must find some way to givethea littlons an tace cristmess
	layer_4: i must find some whay to give the little ones an theyce christmas
	layer_6: i must find some way to give the little ones and thi 's christmas
	layer_8: i must find some way to give the little ones an nice christmas
	layer_10: i must find some way to give the little ones nice christmas
	layer_12: i must find some way to give the little ones nice christmas

file: 4831-25894-0002.flac
expected: tommo will like to have me go with him and sing while he plays his harp in the streets
	layer_2: tom all like to have rygoith him en sing hile he places hearp in the streets
	layer_4: tome a wll like to have re gowith im ind singwhile he places harp en the streets
	layer_6: tuma will like to have re goeth him and sing whill he places harp ind the streets
	layer_8: tomma will like to have rego weth him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_10: toma will like to have rme goweth him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_12: toma will like to have me goweth him and sing whele he places harp in the streets

file: 4831-25894-0003.flac
expected: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_2: yes i will try and then if i do well e litle one shal have a mary cristmess
	layer_4: yes i will try and then if i do well he little one shal have a mary christmas
	layer_6: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_8: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_10: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_12: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas

file: 4831-25894-0004.flac
expected: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_2: but seevan id is coldan the streetes the win bihts in the snow fraces oncsetfingers
	layer_4: but sea vandit is cold in the streets the wind bits in the snow pfraces one s fingers
	layer_6: but see an it is cold in the streets the wind bites ind the snow phreezes one's fingers
	layer_8: but sea van it is coled in the streets the wind bites and the snow frezes one's fingers
	layer_10: but sea van it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_12: but sea van it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers

file: 4831-25894-0005.flac
expected: she thanked tommo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_2: she thank tol owand rand awayd to get ready for se veught sr hr fathoer would not nre lease her anythin
	layer_4: she'd thank tema and ran away to get ready for she velt sure her father would not irlease her anything
	layer_6: she thankd toma wand ran away to get ready for she velt sure her father would not repuse her anything
	layer_8: she thanked emma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not recuse her anything
	layer_10: she thanked memma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_12: she thanked memma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything

file: 4831-25894-0006.flac
expected: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_2: then she washd out little runs's frock ind put id a dri becuse she would not te ald's dohit the next day
	layer_4: then she washed out little runzas frock and put it to dry because she woud not be oldt do at the next day
	layer_6: then she washed out little runsa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be abld to do at the next day
	layer_8: then she washed out little runsa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_10: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_12: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day

file: 4831-25894-0007.flac
expected: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_2: she longd to make the beds and dresst the childrenovernight she was an such a hurriyd to have all in order but as shat could not be she sat down agan and thigde over all tho son she kneu
	layer_4: she loned to make the beds and dressd the children over night she was in such a hurri to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and thid over all thet song she knew
	layer_6: she longed to make the beds and dresse the children ofher night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the song she knew
	layer_8: she longed to make the beds and dress the children of her night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_10: she longed to make the beds and dress the children of he night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_12: she longed to make the beds and dress the children of he night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew

file: 4831-25894-0008.flac
expected: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_2: when she ad told her plan peter butdary shook ohis head and hughto wod never do buttese bak so hard he coln sen ted at last that she should trit for wat awek and sent er to bet the happi as little growon n yorik
	layer_4: when she had told her plan peter bud oriy shook his head and thought it wild never do botesso beg so hard he consented at last that she should tri et for one week and sent er to bed the happy as little grow an ne york
	layer_6: when she had told her plan peter bunari shook his head and thought it would never do bottessa beged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happyest little girl on tew york
	layer_8: when she had told her plan peter banauri shook his head and thought it would never do bottessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl on new york
	layer_10: when she had told her plan peter banari shook his head and thought it would never do but tesa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_12: when she had told her plan peter banari shook his head and thought it would never do but tesa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york

file: 4831-25894-0009.flac
expected: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tommo's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_2: as soin as her father was gone tosa flew about in put everything in mice order telling the childen she was going out for the dayk and they were to mind tom was mother who whud see aboat the fir and the ditter for the good women lef esi ind enturden to her little plams withall her hart
	layer_4: as soon as her father was gone tosip flew about in put everything in mice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tum was mother who would see about the fire and the ditter for the good woman levet esa and inturginto her little plams with all her heart
	layer_6: as soon as her father was gone tise flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tomb was mother who would see about the fire and the ditter for the good woman lefet tessa and intered in to her little plans with all her heart
	layer_8: as soon as her father was gone tisa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman levet esa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_10: as soon as her father was gone tesa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom wa's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman left tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_12: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom wa's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman left tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart

file: 4831-25894-0010.flac
expected: poor tessa's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_2: por tes is heart bead fast as she truged daway with tomo who slugnges hearp over hias shulder and gave her is hand
	layer_4: portesis heart bead vast as she traged away with tomob who slunga's hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_6: portes's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomobe who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_8: poortess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_10: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_12: poor tess's heart beat vast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand

file: 4831-25894-0011.flac
expected: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_2: it was rather a dirty hand but so kimd that tesaconto it and kep looking up at the friend ly bround facefern cragement
	layer_4: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tesa clong to it and kipt looking up at the friendly brownd face for encoragement
	layer_6: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tesso clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_8: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_10: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_12: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement

file: 4831-25894-0012.flac
expected: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is merry and will make the laugh whispered tommo tuning his harp
	layer_2: see now have no fear give them belamonaca that is mari an willmake te laugh wispere tone tonu is hurp
	layer_4: see now have no fer give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh wisperedtomatuni hi's hurp
	layer_6: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is mariand will make the laugh whispered toma tunin hi's harp
	layer_8: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is marian will make the laugh whispered toma turning his harp
	layer_10: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered toma tuning his harp
	layer_12: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is mari and will make the laugh whispered toma tuning his harp

file: 4831-25894-0013.flac
expected: one fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_2: on  fattled frenchemern naoned to her ind it seemed to help r  very much for shed began to sing before she hought and that was the hard as part of it
	layer_4: one fatdled frenchman notded to her in it seemed to help r very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hard is part of it
	layer_6: when fattld frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hart as part of it
	layer_8: when fat ld frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardes part of it
	layer_10: when fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_12: when fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it

file: 4831-25894-0014.flac
expected: but tommo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_2: bu tombi shak is cuarly had an anmswered soperly he asi took yoie there first for the love usic and oar af our country but u e mong megreat houses we shall not always do well
	layer_4: but tomblshok is curly had an answered soberly he es i took you their first for theyr love music and our af our country but up amon the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_6: but tomba shook his curly had an answered soberly es i took you there first for their love music and aure of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_8: but tombo shook his curly had and answered soberly yes i took you there first for their love music and are off our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_10: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_12: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well

file: 4831-25894-0015.flac
expected: but she had made half a dollar for tommo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_2: but shie had made half adaller for tomere devid ed the mony fairly an she felght rich with her share
	layer_4: but she had made half a dollar for tomer devided the money fairly and she felht rich with her share
	layer_6: but she had made half a dollar for tom er divided tha money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_8: but she had made half a dollar for tom e divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_10: but she had made half a dollar for tomor divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_12: but she had made half a dollar for tomor divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share

file: 4831-25894-0016.flac
expected: her hands were covered with chilblains for she had no mittens but she put them under her shawl and scuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_2: her hands were covered with chil glains for she had no minttns but she had put them under her shall and shuffled marily t away in her bigk boots veeling so glad thef tho wequwas over and nearly three dollarsafe ind her pocket
	layer_4: her hands were covered with child lanes fhor she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled marily away in her big boots feeling so glad thef the week was over and nearly three dollars safe and her pocket
	layer_6: her hands were covered with chil lanes fhere she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_8: her hands were covered with chill leans where she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_10: her hands were covered with child lains where she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_12: her hands were covered with child lains where she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket

file: 4831-25894-0017.flac
expected: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_2: ow gave the streeits wer that day
	layer_4: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_6: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_8: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_10: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_12: how gay the streets were that day

file: 4831-25894-0018.flac
expected: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_2: how brisciveryon was and how brighte the faces lckd as people tranted about with big baskets holly reaths and young ever gren's going to blosiment tos splendid chrismastras
	layer_4: how brist givery one wis and how bright the faces luokt is people troted about with big baskets holy reaths and young ever greens going to blossom entosplendid christmastres
	layer_6: how brisk iveryone was and how bright the facees looked as people trotted about with big baskets holy wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_8: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_10: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_12: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees

file: 4831-25894-0019.flac
expected: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_2: but i can't so wl fil the sok all ful and behappy sait tessa ans she lookedwisvully into the gastors and sow the heavy baskets co by
	layer_4: but a can't so ill fille the sokall ful and behappy sitessa as she looked whistfully into the gastors and saw the heavy vbasket's go by
	layer_6: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy setessa as she looked wistfully into the ga stors and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_8: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy sai tessa as she looked wistfully into the gate stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_10: but i can't so i'll fill the sacks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_12: but i can't so i'll fill the sacks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by

file: 4831-25894-0020.flac
expected: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had a plan as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trudged through the mud
	layer_2: who knows what mayy happeenif wo you well rt urned tamma nonding wisely for he had plan this well as tessa aind kept chuckling over t as he curged hrugh the migd
	layer_4: who knows what may happen if wild you well wereturned tommo nodding wisely for he had plan this well as tesa and kept chuckling over it as he thurged through the mid
	layer_6: who knows what may happen if would you well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planed thas well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud
	layer_8: who knows what may happen if we'd you well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud
	layer_10: who knows what may happen if we' do well returned tomo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud
	layer_12: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tomo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud

file: 4831-25894-0021.flac
expected: we'll try one more street and then go home thou art so tired little one
	layer_2: whill tri one more streete an then go home thoeht so tired little one
	layer_4: weill try wone more street an then gohome theoreats so tired little one
	layer_6: we'll try one more street and then go home thoruw ts so tired little one
	layer_8: we'll try one more street and then go home thour t so tired little one
	layer_10: we'll try one more street and then go home thou'rt so tired little one
	layer_12: we'll try one more street and then go home thou'rts so tired little one

file: 4831-25894-0022.flac
expected: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_2: at the forth some people at them sang ather sons and gave nothing
	layer_4: at the forth some people at them sing al their songs and gave nothing
	layer_6: at the fourth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_8: at the fourth some people et them sing al their songs and gave nothing
	layer_10: at the fourth some people et them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_12: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing

file: 4831-25894-0023.flac
expected: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tommo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_2: tette felt so greatful that without waiting for tommo she sangher sweed ed little song allolone
	layer_4: tese felt so gratful that without waiting for toma she sang her sweedes little song all alone
	layer_6: tesa felt so grateful that without waiting for toma she sang her sweetas little song all alone
	layer_8: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tamo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_10: tessta felt so grateful that without waiting for tamo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_12: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tamo she sang her sweetest little song all alone

file: 4831-25894-0024.flac
expected: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_2: i'last momu said rose and away she wenten to the dining reomd close by
	layer_4: ilasktd mamas said rose and away she went into the dinning room close by
	layer_6: i lasketd mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_8: i'll aske mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_10: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_12: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by

file: 4831-25894-0025.flac
expected: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine in tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_2: as the doropened teta sow hat lookd to herlike a fairy fhest all silver mogs and flowery plates and orn ges and nots and rosy wine un tallglass pitcures and smoking dishoes thips mnelt so deliciously she could not restran a little sniff of sat iesfaction
	layer_4: as the door opened tes asaw what lookd to her like a fairy fhieast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glasspitchers and smoking dishes thatsmult so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_6: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_8: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy fheast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_10: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_12: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction

file: 4831-25894-0026.flac
expected: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_2: ah yas i shall come with much gladness and play as never ind my life ofor cried tamma with a floursh of the old capfthat made the children laugh
	layer_4: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my lifebefoure cried tamma with a floorish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_6: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a floourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_8: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_10: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_12: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh

file: 4831-25894-0027.flac
expected: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_2: yeive these to your brother said the fary prince stuffing not s an orngesan totetes hands
	layer_4: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges indto tesas hands
	layer_6: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges an to tesst us hands
	layer_8: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tesstas hands
	layer_10: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_12: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tesa's hands

file: 4831-25894-0028.flac
expected: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_2: alh so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runs a shall be for you a havenly angl and i will sing my heard out for your treeke cried teta ful ding the mitns es if she would say ar par of think fulnis if she knew how
	layer_4: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runs i shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my hard out for your tree cried tesa folding the mittens is if she would say ar prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_6: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runsas shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will seing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_8: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ransa shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tesa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_10: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_12: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how

file: 4831-25894-0029.flac
expected: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_2: she got u irgly to see ofd te soxks were alr ight and there she found the mostistonishing sight
	layer_4: she got up early to see if the sock were all right and there she found the most istonishing sight
	layer_6: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_8: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_10: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_12: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight

file: 4831-25894-0030.flac
expected: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_2: four soxinsaid of three and by the forth pined oubt quite elegently was a woittle dress evidntly ment for her a warm wollan dress all maide an actuale with bright buttons on it
	layer_4: four soxensit of three and by the fourth pined out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her oh warm wolandress all maide an actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_6: four soxk insed of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her o warm woollen dress all maide and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_8: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her o warm woolen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_10: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her o warm woolen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_12: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her o warm woolen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it

file: 4831-25894-0031.flac
expected: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_2: tes a scramedad dancet in her delight and of tul bee all the children to scramedm ane dance with heir making her regular coronof one small scall
	layer_4: tesascreamed andanced in her delight and ofh tumble all the children to scrame indance with her making e regular carn ifvln small scale
	layer_6: tessa screamed anddanced in her delight and uftumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnivln small scale
	layer_8: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and uf tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnivl on small scale
	layer_10: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and uf tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnivale on a small scale
	layer_12: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and uf tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnivale on a small scale

file: 4831-25894-0032.flac
expected: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_2: in he r long stocking she found al sorts of tresurs for tom o had stufftit ful of creathings in his mother had mad indrbet inti every amagintamble shape from that pigs to fell umnivesses
	layer_4: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffedet full of qurar things in his mother had made g inderobed anto every maginable shape from fhat pigs to fullw omnivusses
	layer_6: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed at full of queer things in his mother had mad inger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnevusses
	layer_8: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things in his mother had made ginger bred into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_10: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things in his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_12: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things in his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses

file: 4831-25894-0033.flac
expected: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_2: littleram so was ecceptadwith delight by the kind lady in her children and ta sa learn the son quiteeasily
	layer_4: little rose was excepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tasta learne the song quite easily
	layer_6: little ramsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tesa learned the song quite easily
	layer_8: little ramsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_10: little ramsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_12: little ramsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tessa learned the song quite easily

file: 4831-25894-0034.flac
expected: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_2: arrese from the crowd of children gathered to the festioval
	layer_4: arese from the crowd of children gathered to the festivl
	layer_6: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_8: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_10: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_12: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival

file: 4831-25894-0035.flac
expected: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise
	layer_2: befor ther went home the kind amonmy tol tessis she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which arme the chow's heart and semed to set ayseal upon that promised
	layer_4: before they went home the kind amama tol tessish he should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmd the child's heart and seemed to set uceal upon that promise
	layer_6: before they went home the kind mamma toldtessish she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to sed a seal upon that promise
	layer_8: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her motherley kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set atseal upon that promise
	layer_10: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set aseal upon tha promise
	layer_12: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set taseal upon that promise

file: 4831-29134-0000.flac
expected: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_2: the sentador took his seed in the pulpet with tha minus tron one side of him and the superintended of the sunday school on the other
	layer_4: the cenator took his seat in the pulpet with the minis trong one side of him and the superintended of the sunday school on the other
	layer_6: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minies trong one side of him and the superintenden of the sunday school on the other
	layer_8: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with he minnistrang one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_10: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with a minestraing one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_12: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with a minestrong one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other

file: 4831-29134-0001.flac
expected: so awed were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_2: so od ware they by the presencs of aliving unided state sendator that juring three mituts not i spit ballwas throne
	layer_4: so adrwer they by the presence of a living united state scenator that during three minutes not a spit ball was throne
	layer_6: so odd were they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_8: so owd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_10: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown
	layer_12: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown

file: 4831-29134-0002.flac
expected: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_2: after that they began to come to themselvs by degrees and presently the spell as wholely gon and they wer reciting verses and poln hair
	layer_4: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was holly gon and they were reciding verses and polly hair
	layer_6: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pullyg hair
	layer_8: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polly hair
	layer_10: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polly hair
	layer_12: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polly hair

file: 4831-29134-0003.flac
expected: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_2: the eusual sundaysechal exercises were hurried throg and then the ministur got up and board the house with e speech bilt on the custormari sundey se col plan then the supereintendet put in his or and than the tonp tding utaries had theire saye
	layer_4: the usual sunday schal exercises were hurried through and then the ministurgot up and board the house with the speech bilt on the customary sunday scooll plan then the superintendent put in his or nd then the temp ding nutariyes had ther say
	layer_6: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar d then the towmp dignutaries had there say
	layer_8: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar ad then the towm dignitaries had there say
	layer_10: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar and then the town dignitaries had there say
	layer_12: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar and then the town dignitaries had there say

file: 4831-29134-0004.flac
expected: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_2: and i im some populous senter of my own country were the choices children of the lant have been selected and brught together as ed a fair for a prise no
	layer_4: amd i am some populous centre of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prise no
	layer_6: am i am some populos centre of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_8: am i am some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_10: am i am some populous centere of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_12: am i am some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no

file: 4831-29134-0005.flac
expected: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_2: than wearam mi yes wherali
	layer_4: then wherami yes weram i
	layer_6: then wheream i yes wheream i
	layer_8: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_10: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_12: then where am i yes where am i

file: 4831-29134-0006.flac
expected: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_2: my soll ais lostn wonder at the thought
	layer_4: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_6: my soul is lost ind wonder at the thought
	layer_8: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_10: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_12: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought

file: 4831-29134-0007.flac
expected: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_2: oarthas no highere no grander prosition for me
	layer_4: earth has no higher no grander prosition for me
	layer_6: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_8: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_10: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_12: earth has no higher no grander position for me

file: 4831-29134-0008.flac
expected: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_2: than what is it what did my conscious ness reply
	layer_4: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_6: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_8: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_10: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_12: then what is it what did my consciousness reply

file: 4831-29134-0009.flac
expected: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_2: oh think of that nol i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_4: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_6: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_8: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_10: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_12: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful

file: 4831-29134-0010.flac
expected: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_2: they culd not give him ae castly adducation but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday s ghol he love the s anney schol
	layer_4: they cound not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved this undey school
	layer_6: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved thesunday school
	layer_8: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_10: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_12: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0011.flac
expected: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_2: i hope you love your sod dayshool i see e y your facas that you do that is right
	layer_4: i hope you love your sunday school i seevp y your faces that you do that is right
	layer_6: i hope you love your sunday school ay see by your faces that yeu do that is right
	layer_8: i hope you love your sunday school ayh see by your faces that ye do that is right
	layer_10: i hope you love your sunday school ah see by your faces that yeu do that is right
	layer_12: i hope you love your sunday school ah see by your faces that ye do that is right

file: 4831-29134-0012.flac
expected: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_2: always lov your teachueres my children for they leve yu more than you can now now
	layer_4: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can now now
	layer_6: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can now now
	layer_8: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_10: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_12: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now

file: 4831-29134-0013.flac
expected: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_2: and biand by the people made him governor and he said it was al owing to the sunday shol
	layer_4: and by and by the people made him governor and he sed it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_6: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_8: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_10: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_12: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0014.flac
expected: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_2: whiy the people gave hin atowering alestrious position a grandimposing position
	layer_4: why the people gave him matowering alustrious position a grand emposing position
	layer_6: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_8: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_10: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_12: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position

file: 4831-29134-0015.flac
expected: it was senator of the united states
	layer_2: it was sendader of the nited states
	layer_4: it was sendanor of the united states
	layer_6: it was sentator of the united states
	layer_8: it was senator of the united states
	layer_10: it was senator of the united states
	layer_12: it was senator of the united states

file: 4831-29134-0016.flac
expected: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_2: that por littlae boy that levet his thandey sqhooll became that man that man stands before you
	layer_4: that poor little boy that levet his shunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_6: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_8: that poor little boy that leved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_10: that poor little boy that leved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_12: that poor little boy that leved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you

file: 4831-29134-0017.flac
expected: above all things my children be honest
	layer_2: above al things my children be onist
	layer_4: above oull things my children be honest
	layer_6: above all things my children be honest
	layer_8: above all things my children be honest
	layer_10: above all things my children be honest
	layer_12: above all things my children be honest

file: 4831-29134-0018.flac
expected: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_2: whoen sunederdioar they depirted from catte vill he left the reedosn boys behind him ar rangi end campain of life whose objectove point was eenited stape sen it
	layer_4: one sunded erdilere the depided from cattleville he left three dozen't boys behind him arranging an campaign of life whose objective point was senited stape senit
	layer_6: one sunded or diler they departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was theunited stape sen it
	layer_8: whenc sentat or dlworthey departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united state sen ate
	layer_10: when senttor dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_12: when senttor dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate

file: 4831-18525-0000.flac
expected: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresden and all our hard work over music won't it be fine though to jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_2: never mind poly sug h asper there's all next summer and aughtar wen tern dressdon and allar hard work over music ont hav befind tho swa jon't round agin and his eyes clistened
	layer_4: never mind poly sauid asperd there's all next summer and afte r winter an dressedon and all ar hard work ofermusic one hif be fined those ad jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_6: never mind polly said jaspert there's all next summer and after our winter and dressed in and all our hard work of her music on't oe be fined those o jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_8: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter and dressed in and all our hard work of her music won't i be fine those tho jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_10: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter and dressed in and all our hard work over music won't it be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_12: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter anddressed in and all our hard work over music won't it be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened

file: 4831-18525-0001.flac
expected: and you'll go on drawing and painting until you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the louvre maybe the louvre cried adela o dear me polly pepper
	layer_2: and yol go on jaoing ad painting til you get to be a great ardestra on polly an thisiasktaaly andthen will see somethingyou'v dne in the lovfe may by the love crida dila oh dear me polye pepper
	layer_4: and yo'l go on dawing and painting till you get to be a great ardist ran on poly andthusiastically and then will see something yo've done in the loove may be the love crida dela oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_6: and you'll go on jawing and painting till you gets to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then weill see something you've done ind the loovfe maybe the loouve cried adela oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_8: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loouv cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_10: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loov cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_12: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loov cried adela oh dear me polly pepper

file: 4831-18525-0002.flac
expected: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_2: tome sel whon had been very soverduring all dhis marriy chatter and now in his seat acrosst the narroa isle he drumed his heels ampatiently on the floor
	layer_4: tom sell one had been very soverduring all this marriyed chatter and now ind his seat acrossed the narrow isle he drumed his heels im patiently on the floor
	layer_6: tome sellone had been very soverduring all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drumed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_8: tom sellwone had been very sover during all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drumed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_10: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_12: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor

file: 4831-18525-0003.flac
expected: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's just this tom
	layer_2: what' s op little mother aske tome insuprise at hernusual manner it sis this tomg
	layer_4: what's up little mother asked tome in surprise at her an usual manner it sis this tom
	layer_6: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it sis this tom
	layer_8: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner its sis this tom
	layer_10: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it sis this tom
	layer_12: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it sis this tom

file: 4831-18525-0004.flac
expected: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_2: when the neswas circulatet as it was pretty son that the party was not to be brokan into at all tlparose was ticamplytid story the gublation wats suchius to satisfit even tome
	layer_4: when the newswas circulatit as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be brok en into at all til paris was ti completed story the jubilation with such as to satisfy even tome
	layer_6: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_8: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy eventom
	layer_10: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy eventom
	layer_12: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy eventom

file: 4831-18525-0005.flac
expected: oh isn't it oats peas beans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_2: oh isn' it oat's pused beans and barly gro crie polley as they watched them intently
	layer_4: oh isn't it oats peus beans and barley gro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_6: oh isn't it oats pes beans an barleygrow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_8: oh isn't it oates pesbeans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_10: oh isn't it oates peasbeans and barleygirow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_12: oh isn't it oates peasbeans and barleygirow cried polly as they watched them intently

file: 4831-18525-0006.flac
expected: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_2: and is long oarm whont oud and pickt o jackadendof an eurchine whod incoutiously regarding such quiet travelers as not worth miding had hover tonyearw il tring toties the girls
	layer_4: and his long arm went out and picked to jackandendof an erchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers tis not worth minding had hove her toonyear wile trying to tease the girls
	layer_6: and his long arm went out and picked to jac adend of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers has not worth minding had hove er to near wile trying to tease the girls
	layer_8: and his long arm went out and picked a jack ad end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hoveered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_10: and his long arm went out and picked a jack and end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_12: and his long arm went out and picked a jack an end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls

file: 4831-18525-0007.flac
expected: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_2: and presently awoman came en sook little blupenn for off and then the rest of the girls und clastpd their hands and the ring melted away ind the came was over
	layer_4: and presently a woman came and sook little bloupen a for off and then the rest of the girls unde clasped their hands and the ring melted away an the game was over
	layer_6: and presently a woman came and took little blue pin anfor off and then the rest of the girls unnclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_8: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinnafore off and then the rest of the girls uclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_10: and presently a woman came and took little blue pin afoure off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_12: and presently a woman came and took little blue pin afoure off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over

file: 4831-18525-0008.flac
expected: i'm glad the girls over here have fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_2: i'm glad the girls over her half fund aid polley as grampapi n his party moved off isn' it nice to think thi do
	layer_4: i'm glad the girls over here half fund said polly as granpapa in his party moved of isn't anice to think they do
	layer_6: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't a nice to think they do
	layer_8: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't i nice to think they do
	layer_10: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_12: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do

file: 4831-18525-0009.flac
expected: two or three days of rest at martigny put everybody in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_2: two or hre days of rest at martne  put every one in food shape and gave them llaebut of time to pick up on many little things that wer behind hand
	layer_4: twoor three days of rest at martn put every one in good shape and gave them alla bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_6: two or three days of rest at martny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_8: two or three days of rest at martney put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_10: two or three days of rest at martiny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_12: two or three days of rest at martiny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand

file: 4831-18525-0010.flac
expected: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i am going to begin on joel's
	layer_2: that's my third letter poly andnountcse jasper on the other side of the table now an going to begin unjols
	layer_4: that's my third letter poly announced jasper on the other side of the table now and going to begin on jols
	layer_6: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now a'm going to begin on jolls
	layer_8: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on jolls
	layer_10: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles
	layer_12: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on jolles

file: 4831-18525-0011.flac
expected: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished jasper
	layer_2: one too said polec coaunning why ie thoughtid wrten three whelel this one his most finishe desper
	layer_4: one too said poly counting why i thought id writtend three whele this one is most finishe jesper
	layer_6: one two said pollycounting why i thought i'd written three whele this one is most finished desper
	layer_8: one two said poly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper
	layer_10: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper
	layer_12: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper

file: 4831-18525-0012.flac
expected: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_2: dar said tohme delidaeto thik that no terribewrds ult had really and sid from his words that after they were out had scare him mightlly
	layer_4: dare said tome delihded to thinck that no terriblewrdsalt had really ansuid from his words that after they were out had scared him mightly
	layer_6: dare said tome delighted to thinck that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_8: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_10: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_12: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily

file: 4831-18525-0013.flac
expected: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_2: i' posed owaeas too polly give them here
	layer_4: ilpostoor too poly give them here
	layer_6: i'll post ors twoo polly give them here
	layer_8: i'll post ors too polly give them hare
	layer_10: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_12: i'll post yours too polly give them here

file: 4831-18525-0014.flac
expected: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a franc out of joel's little money bag that hung at her belt
	layer_2: then is face brightened and he said and she's right poly whale poly fishe tk friank out of jells little money bag that houng in her belt
	layer_4: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while poly fish sto frank out of jells little money bagd that hung in her belt
	layer_6: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fishe sto frank out of jell's little money bagd that hung in her belt
	layer_8: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished o frank out of joll's little money bagd that hung in her belt
	layer_10: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished u frank out of jell's little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_12: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished u frank out of jell's little money bag that hung in her belt

file: 4831-18525-0015.flac
expected: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on as he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_2: do get the stamps please jesper m put the mon and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag alittle pat fir jeul sake wishing it was his stoe black aire that ter fingers coldtouch
	layer_4: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jol sake wishing it was his stuby black hair that her fingers coodtouch
	layer_6: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jell's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers coud touch
	layer_8: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jewl's ake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_10: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jewel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_12: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jewel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch

file: 4831-18525-0016.flac
expected: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for our round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_2: i don' know wer we are goineg to genk icewit paper foro around robin said polley leaning her lboson the tabl and her chin in her hands i know agjaculaitod tom worling own has hel anddashing ot
	layer_4: i don't know where we are going to get nice wite paper for around robin said poly leaning her elbos on the table and her chin in her hands i know ajaculated tome morling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_6: i don't know where we are going to get nice wait paper for around robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_8: i don't know where we are going to get nice wait paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_10: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_12: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out

file: 4831-18525-0017.flac
expected: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_2: i what polly too said frodszi rigling away from the end that poly howd out aleringly
	layer_4: i want polly too said fronsi riggling away from the pen that polly how d out al luringly
	layer_6: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly howd out alluringly
	layer_8: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly hold out alluringly
	layer_10: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_12: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly

file: 4831-18525-0018.flac
expected: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_2: fromze who haddn't heard what polly said her small had beingfull of the rese ponsibility of beginning the importan letter and could sidering sins it was to be done it was bes to have it over with is soin as possible fhelt ascriblingthe letters tis facas she culed allf te'm wrunning down hil
	layer_4: fromze who hadn't heard what poly said her small had being full of the respomsibility of beginning the important letter and could sidering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with is soon as possible felt uscripbling the letters tas fastes she culd all them running down hill
	layer_6: phromsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the respomsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt ascripbling the letters as fast as she could all them running downhill
	layer_8: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly' said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt o scrippling the letters as fast as she could all ofthem running downhill
	layer_10: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly' said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_12: phromsie who hadn't heard what polly' said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill

file: 4831-18525-0019.flac
expected: it's all right granddaddy'll like it he said
	layer_2: it's alw ighte gran a tal like lt he said
	layer_4: it's all right groaneda the ol like cal he said
	layer_6: it's all right greened dathe olikeed he said
	layer_8: it's all right greimd dadey o likit he said
	layer_10: it's all right greoned dadyo lik it he said
	layer_12: it's all right greined dadyo like it he said

file: 4831-18525-0020.flac
expected: i tell you you don't know my granddaddy he's got lots of fun in him he added
	layer_2: i tll you y don't know my gran daye he's cat lots toa funin him h haddit
	layer_4: i tell ye you don't know my granddaddy he's cout lots o fundin him he addetd
	layer_6: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lots to fun in him he added
	layer_8: i tell yeu you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lots of fun in him he added
	layer_10: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lots of fun in him he added
	layer_12: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lots of fun in him he added

file: 4831-18525-0021.flac
expected: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_2: i won't crit any mored to claerd frondsy wieping off the last eer trailing down her knows
	layer_4: i won't cri any more de clared fronzy wifping off the last ter trailing down her knose
	layer_6: i won't cry any more declared fhronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_8: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_10: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_12: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose

file: 4831-18525-0022.flac
expected: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_2: then i shall be all as well as ever said pole kussing thawet litte face
	layer_4: then i shall be all as well as ever said poly kissing the wet little face
	layer_6: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_8: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_10: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_12: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face

file: 4831-18525-0023.flac
expected: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_2: we must petn in whattle pictures thaid poly trine ho mak herself cery as the work one vusilyon
	layer_4: we must put in wouldtle pictures sad polly trying to make herself ciery as the work wine vusilyon
	layer_6: we must put in wat'll picture said polly trying to make yourself cheery as the work wene busileon
	layer_8: we must put in whatt'll picture said polly trying to make ourself cheeri as the work wen busily on
	layer_10: we must put in whattll pictures said polly trying to make herselve cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_12: we must put in whatll pictures said polly trying to make herselve cheery as the work went busily on

file: 4831-18525-0024.flac
expected: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_2: pol you always dou think of the best thingsexclame jas per beming at her which madtter try heardt than ever to smile
	layer_4: pally you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made or try harder than ever to smile
	layer_6: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_8: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_10: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_12: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile

file: 4831-18525-0025.flac
expected: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gingerbread boy
	layer_2: i wouldn't feel sobatly polly he maniged to a sperone frondsyt was absore with her work hell i ecu prolbwe just as father did the g inehred boy
	layer_4: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to a sper wine fronzi was absord with her work hell likecould probly just as father did the ghinch redboy
	layer_6: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to a sper when pronsie was absorbed with her work hell like ould probably just as father did the cinch red boy
	layer_8: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whispur when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'l like it probably just as father did the chincherred boy
	layer_10: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the chincherred boy
	layer_12: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the chincherred boy

file: 4831-18525-0026.flac
expected: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily halloo just look at him now
	layer_2: he seemd so a complirsh something every tim e gose observe jasber drayly lo jus lik an a mow
	layer_4: he seemed so accomplishd something every time me goes observe jasper dryly ello just look it him now
	layer_6: he seems to accomplishd something every time he goes observed jasper dryly haello just look it him now
	layer_8: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now
	layer_10: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now
	layer_12: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now

file: 4831-18525-0027.flac
expected: o dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_2: o'h' dyeaur me exclaimed to dala as her sisar slipt naw yo've jok o the table again thaen she caght pollys i
	layer_4: o dear me exclaimed o dala as her sissor slipped now you've jogof the table again then she caught polly's ei
	layer_6: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her cissors slipped now you've jogol the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_8: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her cissor slipped now you've jogledthe table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_10: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_12: oh dear me exclaimed adeila as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye

file: 4831-18525-0028.flac
expected: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_2: rather not much a bligheed tom bobed his thinks
	layer_4: rather not much o liced tom bopet his thingks
	layer_6: rather not much oblied tom bobbed his things
	layer_8: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his things
	layer_10: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his things
	layer_12: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his things

file: 4831-18525-0029.flac
expected: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_2: picture after picture cut fom rail rode gidbooks illstrated papers and it seemed to jas pergatheredas if by magick with cunning little foutographs brok up the letter and wound dind a nout with funy ind charming tetal of some of thir joarney
	layer_4: picture after picture cut from railroad guidebooks illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound dind and out with funny and charming detaile of some of their journey
	layer_6: picture after picture cut from railroad guidebooks illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound ind and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_8: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_10: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_12: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey

file: 4831-18525-0030.flac
expected: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say he'll like that the best of all
	layer_2: the rest of it is nce whasper jesper and eventure to say that herl like that the best of all
	layer_4: the rest of it is nice whisperd jasper and eventured to say that holl like that the best of all
	layer_6: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and he ventured to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_8: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and he venture to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_10: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and he venture to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_12: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and e venture to say that he'll like that the best of all

file: 4831-18525-0031.flac
expected: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write me a letter sometime
	layer_2: mister king thought so too nly beme d it fronzy so you did he crie now that's fin a ws syou'adgreat neeal etter sometie
	layer_4: mister king thought so too any beamed at fronsy so you did he cried now that's fina wish you'd rit neeal letter sometime
	layer_6: mister king thought so too andhe beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fini wish you'd write neea letter sometime
	layer_8: mister king thought so too and he beamed it phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write neeal letter sometime
	layer_10: mister king thought so too and he beamed it phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write neal letter sometime
	layer_12: mister king thought so too and he beamed it phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write neal letter sometime

file: 5849-50964-0000.flac
expected: i don't know how to say good by to you nellie told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_2: i don' not hade a sa ood bied you knowlhy told dorthy andnen an ex morning
	layer_4: i don't knot had a say good bide you kelly told dorthy an an an ext morning
	layer_6: i don't know had to say good bide you melly told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_8: i don't know how to say good bied you nelly told dorothy and nan ext morning
	layer_10: i don't know how to say good bye to you nelly told dorothy and nand next morning
	layer_12: i don't know how to say good bye to you nelly told dorothy and nand next morning

file: 5849-50964-0001.flac
expected: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_2: oh that wil be splended declerednan
	layer_4: oh that will be splended declared nan
	layer_6: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_8: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_10: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_12: oh that will be splendid declared nan

file: 5849-50964-0002.flac
expected: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_2: you ar quit riche now ore you remantory
	layer_4: youare quite ricgh now ar you remantor hee
	layer_6: you are quite ridgh now aret you remantorthy
	layer_8: you are quite rich now aren't you remant torothy
	layer_10: you are quite rich now aren't you remant dorothy
	layer_12: you are quite rich now aren't you remaunt dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0003.flac
expected: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_2: and dorthey went upen dao wn the room wlhikte the pictures of sind derellas proud sisters
	layer_4: and dorothe went up and dowon the room like the pictures of cendarella's proud shisters
	layer_6: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_8: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_10: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_12: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters

file: 5849-50964-0004.flac
expected: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_2: and we will be yonm hand tank you will plied the joking dorey
	layer_4: and we will be on hand thank you epplied the joking dortetee
	layer_6: and we will be on hand thank you applied the joking dory
	layer_8: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorhy
	layer_10: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorophy
	layer_12: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorophy

file: 5849-50964-0005.flac
expected: come nellie called missus mc laughlin i am ready where is your hat
	layer_2: come mnawly cold misss e glocklang im ready wheres your hat
	layer_4: come nelly called missus e glacklain i am ready where'se your hat
	layer_6: come nellie called missus mglocklan i am ready where's your hat
	layer_8: come nelly called miss cglaucklan i'm ready where's your hat
	layer_10: come nelly called missus mc glauwghlan i'm ready wher's your hat
	layer_12: come nelly called missus mc glaughlan i'm ready were's your hat

file: 5849-50964-0006.flac
expected: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him
	layer_2: we might be bile to managed that too nally told him
	layer_4: we might be able to minage that too nali told him
	layer_6: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him
	layer_8: we might be able to manage that too nelly told him
	layer_10: we might be able to manage that too nelly told him
	layer_12: we might be able to manage that too nelly told him

file: 5849-50964-0007.flac
expected: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_2: myuncles a firemen and he con takee thrugd to his unm ein house
	layer_4: my uncle is a firemene and he can takeo thrug th his ungean house
	layer_6: my uncle is a fireman and he can take u through his engon house
	layer_8: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engon house
	layer_10: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_12: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house

file: 5849-50964-0008.flac
expected: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_2: most of the my guas answered brt
	layer_4: most of then my guasts inswered bert
	layer_6: most of them my guests answered bert
	layer_8: most of them i guests answered bert
	layer_10: most of them ie gues answered birt
	layer_12: most of them i guess answered birt

file: 5849-50964-0009.flac
expected: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_2: will we have had a good the cation and i milling to go towark gain
	layer_4: well we have had a good vicasion and i'm willing to go to work gin
	layer_6: well we have had a good vocation and am willing to go to work again
	layer_8: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_10: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_12: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again

file: 5849-50964-0010.flac
expected: so am i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_2: so a my declardnan becation was just long an afigh think
	layer_4: so a my declared nan vication was just long and augh ig think
	layer_6: so am mi declared nan bication was just long en oaugh igh think
	layer_8: so am i declared nan vacation was jest long enougf id think
	layer_10: so am i declared nan vacathion was jest long enough i think
	layer_12: so am i declared nan vacation was jest long enough i think

file: 5849-50964-0011.flac
expected: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddie and flossie were busy packing up
	layer_2: mister bobse was downe from the city of course to take the fanly home and now all hands even fredy anplosy were busy pracing up
	layer_4: mister bobshe was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even fredy an closy were busy pracking up
	layer_6: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plos were busy packing up
	layer_8: mister bobsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and clossie were busy packing up
	layer_10: mister bobsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plossy were busy packing up
	layer_12: mister bobsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plossy were busy packing up

file: 5849-50964-0012.flac
expected: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoop the cat
	layer_2: there we the shalls to e looked acter  the fishnates besides downy the dock and snet the cat
	layer_4: there were the shells to we looked aftor the fishnets besides downi the duck and snoth the cat
	layer_6: there were the shells we looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snooped the cat
	layer_8: there were the shelvls be looked after the fish nuts besides downy the duck and snooped the cat
	layer_10: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets beside downy the duck and snooped the cat
	layer_12: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets beside downy the duck and snooped the cat

file: 5849-50964-0013.flac
expected: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_2: and so r little friends had spent all ther reecation
	layer_4: and so or little friends had spent all thei vication
	layer_6: and so our little friends had spent all their vication
	layer_8: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_10: and so our little friends had spent all thei vacation
	layer_12: and so our little friends had spent all the vacation

file: 5849-50873-0000.flac
expected: captain bull the commander of a small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_2: capftahimbol the tmander of the smlgiarison at saybrook per mited him to lan but when the goverena began to reade his commission bul ordered him to be silent
	layer_4: captain bol the commander of the small garison at sabrooke prmitted him to land but when the governa began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_6: captain bol the commander of the small garizin at cabroke permitted him to land but when the governo began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_8: captain bull the commander of the small garrison at saybrok permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_10: captain bull the commander of the small garrison at saybruk permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_12: captain bull the commander of the small garrison at saybruk permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent

file: 5849-50873-0001.flac
expected: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_2: what ias happened mister prince wiads worth asked for he hould csee that the manalw was greatly ekcited govener aenderos has come again gest mister prince why should that aelar mus the fellow though give into bosting is not dangrus or  liabl toppited threts ento exection but he is grown dead ingeres declared mister prince the liberties of the colenyer an valled
	layer_4: what is happened mister prince wiadsworth asked for he chould see that the man was greatly excited givern r andros as come again guest mister prince why should that alarmus the fellow though given to boasting is not dangrous or liable tupput is threats into execution but he as groan dngeruss declared mister prince the liberties of the colonyer anvolved
	layer_6: what is happened mister prince wildsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatl excited governor andros has come again guesed mister prince why should that alarmus the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dngerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colonre andvollved
	layer_8: what has happened mister prince wilsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again guessped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colonere involved
	layer_10: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again guassped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony re involved
	layer_12: what has happened mister prince walsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again guasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved

file: 5849-50873-0002.flac
expected: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_2: captain watds wrif became a little ennensy though he was still anclind to treet the matter lightly
	layer_4: captain wads worith became a little unneasy though he was still ienclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_6: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_8: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_10: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_12: captain waddsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly

file: 5849-50873-0003.flac
expected: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_2: we had subrn le weih fhuwsed to yeld lar charter vallun terily ford is the gardy anovher politicale brights
	layer_4: we hade stubbernly refused to yield our charter ollenterily for it is the guardy an ofer political brights
	layer_6: we have subornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardiaand of our political brights
	layer_8: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charder voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights
	layer_10: we hade stubbornly refused to yield our charger voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights
	layer_12: we had stubbornly refused to yield our charger voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights

file: 5849-50873-0004.flac
expected: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viceroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_2: that is trure cacpin wads wereth continud mistder prince and to stubdoar stovbr mess this visroyd has come to heartfeard with sixty arnd men to de man the surrender of the charter and person
	layer_4: that is true capain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subde aur stubburnniss this visroy has come to heartferrd with sixty armed men to deman the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_6: that is true capan wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdu our stubornness this vistroy has come to heartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_8: that is true capan wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this vistroy has come to hertford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_10: that is true capan wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hertford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_12: that is true captain wardsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to heartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person

file: 5849-50873-0005.flac
expected: captain wadsworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_2: captan wasere founded to isfeet in a rage and placing has hand on the haldh of his sword declared he shal lnot howic
	layer_4: captain waserth founded to his feedt in a rage and placing his hand on the helth of his sword declared he shall not haveit
	layer_6: captain wasr founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the health of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_8: captain wazrf bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the health of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_10: captain waddart bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the health of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_12: captain waddzarfh bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the health of his sword declared he shall not have it

file: 5849-50873-0006.flac
expected: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engaged in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_2: the daye as well my fend when he arrives and the members wereingdeevhed in ahated to bat hon a subject of the untmost inportance
	layer_4: the day was well miet fent when he arrivdesd and the members were indeevhed in aheated the bat on a subject of the untmost importance
	layer_6: the day was well nice pent when he arrived and the members were endeethed in a heated debat on a subject of the untmost importance
	layer_8: the day was well nice spent when he arrived and the members were endeeved in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_10: the day was well nice spent when he arrived and the members were endeeved in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_12: the day was well nice spent when he arrived and the members were endeeved in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance

file: 5849-50873-0007.flac
expected: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_2: he conseneted however to a waitd te discusion wbut the soon s ht was ended he declared that he would howd the churter
	layer_4: he consented however to await the discussion wbhet the soon as it was ended he declare that he would have the charter
	layer_6: he consented however to await the discussion whe ta soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_8: he consented however to await the discussion wbhetas soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_10: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_12: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter

file: 5849-50873-0008.flac
expected: after the captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_2: after that captaen had taken toor three turncs o cross the room he paosed n mased
	layer_4: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he pausd hi masked
	layer_6: after that captain had taken two or three turnts across the room he paused ha mast
	layer_8: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused tad maskt
	layer_10: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and ased
	layer_12: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked

file: 5849-50873-0009.flac
expected: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_2: what is the assemil doing and geged nt the bat
	layer_4: what is the assemily doing angaged in the ba
	layer_6: what is the assembly doing engaged in debat
	layer_8: what is the assembly doing engaged and debate
	layer_10: what is the assembly doing engaged and debate
	layer_12: what is the assembly doing engaged and debate

file: 5849-50873-0010.flac
expected: and will he wait until it has ended he has promised to do so
	layer_2: and wl he waigt un tillet sended he has promise to deso
	layer_4: and will he wait until it ezended he has promised to do so
	layer_6: and will he wait until itdesended he has promised to do so
	layer_8: and will he wait until it isended he has promised to do so
	layer_10: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_12: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so

file: 5849-50873-0011.flac
expected: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read there a desperate determination captain he began
	layer_2: mister prince fixtes an mainsd eyes on the coptaen's face and read the r dusperate dotermination captain hetegan
	layer_4: mister prince fixetes amaized eyes on the captain's face and read thear desperae determination captain hetygan
	layer_6: mister prince fixtes amazed eyes on the captain's face and read thei re desperae determination captain hetagain
	layer_8: mister prince fixed is amazed eyes on the captain's face and read they re desperate determination captain he egan
	layer_10: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read theire desperate determination captain he began
	layer_12: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read theire desperate determination captain he began

file: 5849-50873-0012.flac
expected: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_2: mister prince bowd and ha slyw returned to the hous sware theyassumbly was imsussion
	layer_4: mister prince bowed and haslew returned to the houseswhere the assembly was ansession
	layer_6: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_8: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_10: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_12: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session

file: 5849-50873-0013.flac
expected: as soon as he was gone charles stevens said
	layer_2: as soonashe was gone cale stevand said
	layer_4: as soon as he as gone carle steveen said
	layer_6: as soon as he has gone charles stephand said
	layer_8: as soon as he as gone charles stephend said
	layer_10: as soon as he is gone charles stephen said
	layer_12: as soon as he is gone charles stephen said

file: 5849-50873-0014.flac
expected: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_2: yes trls o wl answer but dhe nen uncle
	layer_4: yes charles yhu wile answerd wat dyou mean uncle
	layer_6: yes charles you will answer what doyou mean uncle
	layer_8: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_10: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_12: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle

file: 5849-50873-0015.flac
expected: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_2: nerver did the baters take greter in tresst inthe mines subject
	layer_4: never did the baters take greater in terest in te minos subjrect
	layer_6: never did the baters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_8: never did the baters take greater interest in a minor ubject
	layer_10: never did de baters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_12: never did de baters take greater interest in a minor subject

file: 5849-50873-0016.flac
expected: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_2: what deo entendying oncle will you fright them
	layer_4: what do you intend eoing uncle will you fright them
	layer_6: what do you inten dering uncle will you fright them
	layer_8: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_10: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_12: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them

file: 5849-50873-0017.flac
expected: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor too late
	layer_2: emwember the worth wes be hn the right at the time mon ki sou nor to lrat
	layer_4: hewember the worth west be dein the right at the time montto sun nor to re
	layer_6: emember the worth west be dne the right at the time monttu sone nor to rea
	layer_8: remember the worth west be done the right at the time mont too soon nor to read
	layer_10: remember the worth west obe done terigt at the time nont to soon nor to read
	layer_12: remember the worth west be done theright at the time nont to soon nor to read

file: 5849-50873-0018.flac
expected: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_2: the sunlas sedting and the craptainm said
	layer_4: the sun wash setting and the captain said
	layer_6: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_8: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_10: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_12: the sun was setting and the captain said

file: 5849-50873-0019.flac
expected: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_2: com chrals let us hasten to thes sembly
	layer_4: comm chrles let us hastened to the assembly
	layer_6: comcharles let us hasten to the assemblig
	layer_8: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_10: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_12: come charles let us hasten to the assembly

file: 5849-50873-0020.flac
expected: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_2: by now means but i want ye to be fully im prasd with the seriousnessof oumision
	layer_4: by no means but i want e to be fully impressed with tha seriousness of yurmission
	layer_6: by no means but i want ye to be fully impressed with te seriousness of your mission
	layer_8: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_10: by no means but i want yo to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_12: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission

file: 5849-50873-0021.flac
expected: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_2: takr pliced trles and be forpaire to deour part whis were capan wagewerth
	layer_4: takeer plase tharles and be prepare to de yor part whihered capain wadgeworth
	layer_6: takor place charles and be prepared to de your part whispered capain wadsworth
	layer_8: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wodsworth
	layer_10: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_12: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth

file: 5849-50873-0022.flac
expected: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries as possible without attracting special attention
	layer_2: cres god is clos to the long tae ble se by he secrterious is possibl with out r tracpting s pecial atention
	layer_4: chas god is close to the long table used by the secreterious is possible without attrapcting special attention
	layer_6: chas god is close to the long table used by the secreterious is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_8: charles god is close to the long tabble used by the secretaris is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_10: charles god is close to the long table used by the secretarius is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_12: charles god is close to the long table used by the secretarius is possible without attracting special attention

file: 5849-50873-0023.flac
expected: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_2: the discussion went on dh'earkness came and for lated candle ore plete on the tal intwo said on aself on the wall
	layer_4: the discussiond went on darkness came and four larted candled erepletes on the table in two sed on aself on the wall
	layer_6: the discussioned went on darkness came and four lighed candles wereplates on the table in two set on a self on the wall
	layer_8: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles wereplated on the table in two set on a self on the wall
	layer_10: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on e table in two set on a self on the wall
	layer_12: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on a table in two set on a self on the wall

file: 5849-50873-0024.flac
expected: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stationed near them
	layer_2: those to candles on the wall where a greedt anoint to coues until h sawm ansitayfie neu them
	layer_4: those wo candles on the wall where agreet annoints to chiles until he saw amansta an ner them
	layer_6: those wo candles on the wall were agreet annoiants to charles until he saw a man staf in near them
	layer_8: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man staf in near them
	layer_10: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stafiin near them
	layer_12: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stafin near them

file: 5849-50873-0025.flac
expected: though the lights were extinguished through the windows the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_2: though the lightswer extinguish thrugh the window the thaint starlet dimly alominate the seen
	layer_4: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlet dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_6: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlot dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_8: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_10: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_12: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene

file: 5849-50873-0026.flac
expected: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_2: he followd him his rapid l is he could
	layer_4: he followed him his rapid lese he could
	layer_6: he followed him as rapidl as he could
	layer_8: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_10: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_12: he followed him as rapidly as he could

file: 5849-50873-0027.flac
expected: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seized his arm
	layer_2: the ce was close be lind him and when they were outsides sused as am
	layer_4: the youth was clotbe hind him and when theywere outside sused his arm
	layer_6: the youth was cloth behind him and when they were outsides sused his arm
	layer_8: the youth was clofh behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_10: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_12: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside used his arm

file: 5849-50873-0028.flac
expected: boy have a care how you approach me
	layer_2: bo i a he cer holyou proact me
	layer_4: boi hand i tere howl youapproaced me
	layer_6: bo iav had a tear how yo approache me
	layer_8: oy i've hand a tare hiw you approache me
	layer_10: boy i've had atare hile you approach me
	layer_12: boy i've had atarre hile you approach me

file: 5849-50873-0029.flac
expected: the soldiers began to crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bands came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_2: the soldiers began the crowd about the hose when oate sey nl from tapting waswerth the trane bance camn on te sceen and prpaired to grappl with the souldiers
	layer_4: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when adda signal from capptain wadsworth the tram bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_6: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from capaing wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_8: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_10: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bants came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_12: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bants came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers

file: 5849-50873-0030.flac
expected: where is the charter
	layer_2: warusthe charter
	layer_4: werese than charter
	layer_6: weres than charter
	layer_8: were est the chartyr
	layer_10: were is the charter
	layer_12: were is the charter

file: 5849-50873-0031.flac
expected: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_2: you have yeur soldiers of the door and we he oe the train bans of coniticat reay to de friendus against fiolence
	layer_4: you have your soldiers of the door and we hrve the train bams of coneticate ready to dhe fiend us against filence
	layer_6: you have your soldiers of the door and we have the train bamds of conaticate ready to defend us against fiolence
	layer_8: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bamds of connecticute ready to defend us against violence
	layer_10: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_12: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence

file: 5849-50873-0032.flac
expected: who of you has the charter
	layer_2: who ofe iyou hasthe charter
	layer_4: who of you hast te charter
	layer_6: who of you has tha charter
	layer_8: who of you has the charter
	layer_10: who of you has the charter
	layer_12: who of you has the charter

file: 5849-50873-0033.flac
expected: it was the boy cried the enraged governor
	layer_2: it was the boy cried ing ran s coverner
	layer_4: it was the boy cried in rainh governor
	layer_6: it was the boy cried inran'd governor
	layer_8: it was the boy cried inrained governor
	layer_10: it was the boy cried inran's governor
	layer_12: it was the boy cried inrain's governor

file: 5849-50873-0034.flac
expected: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_2: ev erymember of the ses and bli shook their fheads
	layer_4: everymember of the sadble shook their feads
	layer_6: every member of the assemblye shook their heads
	layer_8: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_10: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_12: every member of the assembly shook their heads

file: 5849-50873-0035.flac
expected: we do not know him he does not live in connecticut where does he live
	layer_2: we' dyo not know him he does not leving to hnut agit whertas he live
	layer_4: we do not know him he does not leving to het igat where d of he live
	layer_6: we do not know him he does not living to hadtegit where does he live
	layer_8: we do not know him he does not living to haniget where does he live
	layer_10: we do not know him he does not living to attigate where does he live
	layer_12: we do not know him he does not living to arigat where does he live

file: 5849-50873-0036.flac
expected: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_2: little ded the captain oras u fulsosten drenen that theire simple act would make the old tree his storit
	layer_4: little did the captain or as youeful seistant dren that their simple act would make the old tree his storic
	layer_6: little did the captain or as outhful asistent dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_8: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_10: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_12: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic

file: 5849-50873-0037.flac
expected: the tree in which the document was hidden was ever afterward known as the charter oak
	layer_2: the treeain which the docnmet was hitting was ever afterwars non es charter oak
	layer_4: the treain which the doctiniant was hidding was ever afterwards nonis chardher oak
	layer_6: the tree in which the dofinaet was hittding was ever afterwards known as to charter oak
	layer_8: the tree in which the dopanaet was hidtteng was ever afterwards known as to charter oak
	layer_10: the tree in which the dauphinte was hidting was ever afterwards known as to charter oak
	layer_12: the tree in which the dauphinite was hidting was ever afterwards known as to charter oak

file: 5849-50873-0038.flac
expected: it remained vigorous bearing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_2: it reman the gru sparing ruit every year und tittl ta little afteri id nigti alugos eighteentiftyfix when it was prostre ted by  haty storm of wend
	layer_4: it remained the grs paring cruit every year and titdle a little after midnightn augus eighteen tfifty ix when it was prostreated bya hevy storm of wind
	layer_6: it remained the gris sparing cruit every year an tittle a little after midnight august eighteen fifty fix when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_8: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year and titdle a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_10: it remained tha gris baring fruit every year andtitle a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_12: it remained the griffs baring fruit every year and tittle a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind

file: 5849-50873-0039.flac
expected: when the order for the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_2: when the order from the seisur of the curtves whas first made knon yoesemvbly rour islan sent anmost loyl a guts to the king saing
	layer_4: when the order from the stesure of the chartives withs first made known yeusembli rode island sent amost loyal adjus to the king saying
	layer_6: when the order from the egure of the chartives wash first made known  assembly ror islands sent a most loyal adjets to the king saying
	layer_8: when the order from the esure of the chartives was first made known the assembly rore islands sent a most loyal addects to the king saying
	layer_10: when the order from the seizure of the chargis was first made known the assembly o rhoe island sent a most loyal adjects to the king saying
	layer_12: when the order from the seizure of the chargirs was first made known the assembly of rhoe island sent an most loyal adjects to the king saying

file: 5849-50873-0040.flac
expected: he formally dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the functions of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_2: he formily the solve fthesas sembly broke the sceal of the caloni which bore the figure of an antfer and  the word hope and mainted firvan the inhaetance into hous lite slytoe council and a sum the functiunof governor but he did not tak away the parchment unwhich the tarder was riten
	layer_4: he formerly disolve the assembly broke the sal of the colony which bore the figure of an ancor and  the word hope and minted fivein the inhabitants into his litislated council and asumed the functione of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_6: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into hislegislate council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_8: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_10: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_12: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written

file: 5849-50873-0041.flac
expected: from that time until the enforced union of the colonies for mutual defence at the breaking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along the frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_2: from that time untilld bhe foretunion of the colonin g sr matual tde fence ot the birthing out of the friench in in dte in war tdh inghaebwitence ov rode islan bor teire shar in he defrenct of eforts esprecialy wen the hostil savajes hungalong their frentuarous of newyork like an ill omant clod
	layer_4: from that time until the fore union of the colonygs frmutual defence af the birthing out o the french in indian war the inhabitentse of rod island bor their share in the defrence of eforts especially when the hostal sadvages hung along their frentirs o of new york lake an ill oment cloud
	layer_6: from that time until the for sunion of the colonis fom mutual defence at the burhing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of roade island bore their share in the diference of efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontears o new york like an ill omend cloud
	layer_8: from that time until the fourt union of the colonies for mutual defence at the burking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of road island bore their share in the deferenceivf efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their front ierso new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_10: from that time until the forted union of the colonies for mutual defence at the burking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiersof new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_12: from that time until the forthd union of the colonies for mutual defence at the burking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defencive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud

file: 5849-50873-0042.flac
expected: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_2: the histre e that conian welth is ha dnified with thuht of all mhe winglan from the begining of king uilliamn's war soon aftfer to the expulstrom of anderos
	layer_4: the histori f that comonwealth is a danivied with thuht of all ne winglan from the begining of king williams war soon afterd to the expultsrom of andros
	layer_6: the history of that comon wealth is adenified with that of all newengland from the beginning of king williams war soon after to the expulson of andros
	layer_8: the history of that commonwealth is hidentified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_10: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_12: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros

file: 5849-50963-0000.flac
expected: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_2: a beautifall day had gron out of the dreadful storm
	layer_4: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_6: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_8: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_10: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_12: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm

file: 5849-50963-0001.flac
expected: and everybody was so happy
	layer_2: and everybody with so happy
	layer_4: and everybodin with so happy
	layer_6: and everybodny with so happy
	layer_8: and everybody was so happy
	layer_10: and everyboy was so happy
	layer_12: and everybody was so happy

file: 5849-50963-0002.flac
expected: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_2: the nepton the tes al thatid struck on the sand par wat no say fly ancuered nour shore and the sailorus came in an out and roboads back inforth tilnd just a sthey wished
	layer_4: the neptin the vessall that ad struck on the sandfar was now sayfully anchored neaur shore and the sailors came in and out in ro boaths back an forth to land just as they wished
	layer_6: the neptun the vessel that had struck on the sandfar was now staflly anchored near shore and the sailors came in an out in row boaths back an forth to land just as they wished
	layer_8: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bare was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_10: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_12: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sandbar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished

file: 5849-50963-0003.flac
expected: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_2: then we had to go back to work at the lgs went on the captain and then one of er crue tookthe fevor
	layer_4: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took he fever
	layer_6: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_8: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_10: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_12: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever

file: 5849-50963-0004.flac
expected: that was what delayed us so
	layer_2: that was what deleat u so
	layer_4: that was what delead us so
	layer_6: that was what delad us so
	layer_8: that was what delad us so
	layer_10: that was what delit us sow
	layer_12: that was what delit us sow

file: 5849-50963-0005.flac
expected: finally we had every log loaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_2: finally we had every wlll glowyed on  schooner and we started off
	layer_4: finally we had every wlol glowded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_6: finally we had every wlall gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_8: finally we had every wall gloated on the schooner and we started off
	layer_10: finally we had every wall gloated on the schooner and we started off
	layer_12: finally we had every wall gloated on the schooner and we started off

file: 5849-50963-0006.flac
expected: we counted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_2: we caun'tid on get ing homeless week when this lastorm struckus and drovus out of our course
	layer_4: we caunted on get in home lasst week when this last stormstruckas an drov us out of our chorse
	layer_6: we cauntid on get in home less week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our ourse
	layer_8: we canted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_10: we canted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_12: we canted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course

file: 5849-50963-0007.flac
expected: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_2: about the valou aske mister bobsly who hs downd from the city
	layer_4: about the value asked mister bobsy who as down from the city
	layer_6: about the value asked mister bobsey who was down from the city
	layer_8: about the value asked mister bobsey who was down from the city
	layer_10: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_12: about the value asked mister bobsey who was down from the city

file: 5849-50963-0008.flac
expected: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_2: the valu werepeated the captain the side so th the strangers magde not here
	layer_4: the value wrepeated the captain te side so at the strangers magte not here
	layer_6: the value repeated the captain aside so tat the strangers maight not heare
	layer_8: the value repeated the captain aside so hat the strangers might not hear
	layer_10: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_12: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear

file: 5849-50963-0009.flac
expected: well i'm a rich man now and so is my mate mc laughlin for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_2: while i mrerich ma nowh and so as my mate mli glocklan for that would was contracted for by the largest and richious pano horm in this countre and now atis all but dhe liverd to them and the money in our hans
	layer_4: while iam arich mand now and so is my mate mcglaklin for that woud was contracted for by the largest and riches piano phirm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in ourans
	layer_6: while i am a rich man now and so as my mate mcglalan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and riches pianofirm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_8: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glauklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_10: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glaugklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_12: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate m'cglauhlan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands

file: 5849-50963-0010.flac
expected: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accumulate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_2: yes endeede it wod iofe seakenis alife time to kim lat eis much money as we have earned in thi here
	layer_4: yes indeed it would have teaken us alife time to a kim lad as much money as we have earned in this her
	layer_6: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a kinm late as much money as we have earned in this ere
	layer_8: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a king late as much money as we have earned in this yer
	layer_10: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a king late as much money as we have earned in this yer
	layer_12: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a king late as much money as we have earned in this year

file: 5849-50963-0011.flac
expected: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_2: ma de on emialy will take you d n to the sitiyg on her shopthing towr sug gested nann
	layer_4: madte on emily will take you da n to the city on her shoping tor suggested nan
	layer_6: ma bhe on emily will take you dan to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_8: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_10: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_12: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan

file: 5849-50963-0012.flac
expected: he made the clerks remove all the truck from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_2: she made the clerp ond of all the troucks rom the yisles and i gues everbody was glad the arme sfalld down
	layer_4: she made the clerpd rom ove all the truck from the iysles and i guessd everybody was glad the armyselld down
	layer_6: he made the clerkes rom ove all the truck from the isles and i guessed everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_8: he made the clerks rm ove all the trucks from the isles and i guessed everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_10: he made the clerks remove all the trucks from the isles and i guessd everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_12: he made the clerks remove all the trucks from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down

file: 5849-50963-0013.flac
expected: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_2: the one of hal fresh ar that these mend livedi in night inday had breigten their eyes too so that even the planes faced and the most owcward man among them was is nimbl as an athlet from his perfectdexorcidse
	layer_4: the wondeful fresh air that these men livediin night en day had brighten their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awcward man among them was as nimbel as an atholee from his perfect exercise
	layer_6: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimbrl as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_8: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_10: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_12: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise

file: 5849-50962-0000.flac
expected: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_2: called birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sedgeh
	layer_4: called birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sadge
	layer_6: calledbert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sedge
	layer_8: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water'sedge
	layer_10: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_12: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge

file: 5849-50962-0001.flac
expected: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minturn and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_2: it's a schoonear said mister bing ham to mister manter and she d a the very heady cargo
	layer_4: it's as schooner said mister bingham to mister manter and shetas a very heaty cargo
	layer_6: it's a schooner said mister bangham to mister mintry and she'd as a very headdy cargo
	layer_8: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mincer and shed has a very heay cargo
	layer_10: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mincher and she'd has a very heavy cargo
	layer_12: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mincher and she'd has a very heavy cargo

file: 5849-50962-0002.flac
expected: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_2: to this cord was fasened a havy ropercble
	layer_4: to this cord was fastened a heavy ropeor cable
	layer_6: to this cord was fastened a heavy roper cable
	layer_8: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_10: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_12: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable

file: 5849-50962-0003.flac
expected: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cable
	layer_2: what's that board for askepbert anshe saw w board following the kl
	layer_4: what's that board four askedbert as she saw a board following the kable
	layer_6: what's that board for askedbert as she saw aboard following the keable
	layer_8: what's that board for asked bert as she saw a board following the cable
	layer_10: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cabl
	layer_12: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cabel

file: 5849-50962-0004.flac
expected: that's the directions said hal
	layer_2: thats the directions sad haw
	layer_4: that's the directions sed hewl
	layer_6: that's the directions said haw
	layer_8: that's the direction said howl
	layer_10: that's the directions said hal
	layer_12: that's the directions said hal

file: 5849-50962-0005.flac
expected: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_2: the iarpprinted in an umber ov l in wiges and thetell the crueteo cary the end of the ceble high up to the masst and fas in thit strongly ther
	layer_4: they aepprinted in anumber ofvlanguages and they tell the cru to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fast en it strongly ther
	layer_6: they apprinted in the number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastened it strongly there
	layer_8: they ae printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_10: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_12: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there

file: 5849-50962-0006.flac
expected: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches buoy will go out on a pulley
	layer_2: oh i see said burt the lang will stretched then and the breches volyu whale goo on a polly
	layer_4: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breches vuly whil goo on a poly
	layer_6: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches vouly while go out on a polly
	layer_8: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breaches booly wilel go out on a poly
	layer_10: oh i see said burt the line will stretch then and the breaches booly will go out on a pully
	layer_12: oh i see said burt the line will stretch then and the breeches booly will go out on a pully

file: 5849-50962-0007.flac
expected: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_2: it was clear day now and much of the woickin storm had past
	layer_4: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had paset
	layer_6: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_8: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_10: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_12: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed

file: 5849-50962-0008.flac
expected: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_2: witf the daeolih came girls and lom into the beach
	layer_4: with the delight came girls and wominto the beach
	layer_6: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_8: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_10: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_12: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach

file: 5849-50962-0009.flac
expected: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossie and freddie being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_2: missus bobsty missus minterin nowly and her mother besides tor thy a nan ore all there flosy and fredty being abloged to stayt home with dina n shoisen
	layer_4: missus bobsey missus mintering nawle and her mother besidesdtorthe an nan eore all there flosy and fredty being obloged to stay home with dyna an sisin
	layer_6: missus bobsey missus minturn nellye and her mother besidesdorothy and nam were all there pflosy and fretday being obliged to stay home with dina and susen
	layer_8: missus bobbsey missus minturne nelle and her mother besides dorothy and nam were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_10: missus bobbsey missus mintern nelliy and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flosy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_12: missus bobbsey missus mintern nelly and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan

file: 5849-50962-0010.flac
expected: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and bert and hal tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_2: of course the girls asked all sorts of quesions and burt en how trie to answer than mis best they could
	layer_4: of course the girls asked all sorts of quetions and burten hol tried to answer them mis best they could
	layer_6: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_8: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howl tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_10: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howe tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_12: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howel tried to answer them as best they could

file: 5849-50962-0011.flac
expected: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buoy was returning
	layer_2: is seemed ta long tim yfor any movement of the cabl showd that the boylwas rturning
	layer_4: it seemed the long time yefore any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning
	layer_6: it seemed he long time before any movement of the cables showed that the buy was returning
	layer_8: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning
	layer_10: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cables showed that the buoy was returning
	layer_12: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cables showed that the buoy was returning

file: 5849-50962-0012.flac
expected: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_2: nerer and near it came untill now  mance head could tye seeng
	layer_4: neaer an neaer it came until now aman'e head could bhe seen
	layer_6: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_8: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_10: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_12: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen

file: 5849-50962-0013.flac
expected: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_2: the girlsand woman were two fraite to talk and knowle clunclose to her mother
	layer_4: the girls and woman were two frightened to talk and nellidyd clun close to her mother
	layer_6: the girls and woman were too frightened to talk and nelly clung close to her mother
	layer_8: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_10: the girls and woman were too frightened to talk and nelly clung close to her mother
	layer_12: the girls and woman were too frightened to talk and nelly clung close to her mother

file: 5849-50962-0014.flac
expected: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cork belt bounded upon shore
	layer_2: a bigrler dashing in fini he the work for the ligirds and te man in the courtbolt band id uponsore
	layer_4: a big ruler dashing in finished the work for the lifegirds and a man in the cortbolt banded upon shore
	layer_6: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life girds and a man in the courtbelt banded upon shore
	layer_8: a big rollert dashing in finished the work for the life girds and a man in the cortbelt banded upon shore
	layer_10: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guirds and a man in the cort belt banded upon shore
	layer_12: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guirds and a man in the cort belt banded upon shore

file: 5849-50962-0015.flac
expected: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_2: everybody gathet around ad knuwle with the strangeh face and a stranger holpe brokes thrugh the croud to see they resced man
	layer_4: everybody gathered around an knuwle with the strange face and a stranger hope brokes through the crowd to see the resced man
	layer_6: everybody gathered around and nelle with e strange face and a stranger hope brokes through the crowd to see the ruskyed man
	layer_8: everybody gathered around and nelle with the strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rusked man
	layer_10: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the reskued man
	layer_12: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the reskued man

file: 5849-50962-0016.flac
expected: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_2: oh it is my father she scremed falling right intio the arncse of the drinchd man
	layer_4: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arncs of the drinched manh
	layer_6: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arents of the drenched man
	layer_8: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arnts of the drenched man
	layer_10: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_12: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man

file: 5849-50962-0017.flac
expected: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_2: but the halftrned man rubbed his eyes it s if fhe could not belieate them then the nextminuat he pressed has little augter to his heart andable to speak l word
	layer_4: but the half dround man rubbed his eyes is if he could not belieave them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart an able to speakl word
	layer_6: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_8: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_10: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_12: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word

file: 5849-50962-0018.flac
expected: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_2: and is gorge bing hiam out there andxiously asked the brother
	layer_4: and is george binghim out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_6: and his george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_8: and his george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_10: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_12: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother

file: 5849-50962-0019.flac
expected: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_2: safe and well cime he welcom manswter
	layer_4: safe and well kame the welcome answer
	layer_6: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_8: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_10: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_12: safe and well came the welcome answer

file: 5849-50962-0020.flac
expected: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_2: i guess i prers were herad dhlastinagt
	layer_4: i guess our preers were hear a last night
	layer_6: i guessd our prayers were heardt last night
	layer_8: i guessed our prayers were heard last night
	layer_10: i guessed our prayers were heard last night
	layer_12: i guessed our prayers were heard last night

file: 5849-50962-0021.flac
expected: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_2: here come inother man exclemedt the people as this time a bignan dashed onh sans
	layer_4: here come tanother man exclemed the people as this time a bignan dashed on the sans
	layer_6: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sans
	layer_8: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_10: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_12: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands

file: 5849-50962-0022.flac
expected: well i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_2: while i teclar le did eland on a friendly shore
	layer_4: while y declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_6: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_8: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_10: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_12: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore

file: 5849-50962-0023.flac
expected: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and hal's uncle
	layer_2: justes mister bing ham said the li saving work turned out to be a social ffaire for there was a great time gruding knilly sfather and house uncle
	layer_4: just as mister bing him said the lie saving work turned out to be associal affair for there was a great time grting knelly'sfather and house uncle
	layer_6: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be asocial affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and house uncle
	layer_8: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and hou's uncle
	layer_10: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and how's uncle
	layer_12: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and how's uncle

file: 5849-50962-0024.flac
expected: and hal and his father too put in nan
	layer_2: and halan his father two put in than
	layer_4: and howlan his father too put in an
	layer_6: and how an his father too put in an
	layer_8: and how and his father too put in nan
	layer_10: and how an his father too put in nan
	layer_12: and how an his father too put in nan

file: 5849-50962-0025.flac
expected: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_2: wat a marning that was it senset beagh
	layer_4: what a morning that was it senseat bech
	layer_6: what a morning that was it sense at beach
	layer_8: what a morning that was it sense et beach
	layer_10: what a morning that was its sunset beach
	layer_12: what a morning that was its sunset beach

file: 5849-50962-0026.flac
expected: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_2: a nm so gladwy praed said little flosye totfreadty when she heared the good nows
	layer_4: i'm so gladwe pratd said little flosy to tready when is she heard the good news
	layer_6: i'm so glad we' prated said little flosy to tredy whene is she heard the good news
	layer_8: i 'm so glad we'e preed said little flosy to freddy when as she heard the good news
	layer_10: i'm so glad we'e prettied said little flosy to fredty whena she heard the good news
	layer_12: i'm so glad we've prettied said little flosy to frey when she heard the good news

file: 2506-13150-0000.flac
expected: pray captain quoth i as i was going down into the cabin is a man never overtaken by death in this passage
	layer_2: fraa capton cs i as ia was going down in tos a caven it' a man nover overtaken by dus and this passage
	layer_4: ra captain cros i as i was going down intos a cavin it's a man nover overtaken by des and this passage
	layer_6: ray captain croese i as i was going down intohs a cavin it's a man never overtaken by deas in this passage
	layer_8: pray captain cros ie as i was going down into his a cabin it's a man never overtaken by deash in this passage
	layer_10: pray captain cros i as i was going down into s a cabin t's a man never overtaken by death in this passage
	layer_12: pray captain cros i as i was going down into ia cabin i's a man never overtaken by death in this passage

file: 2506-13150-0001.flac
expected: why there is not time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed lyar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_2: wy the' not ime fr a man to be secun it repliety what e carsed liar for i am sic as a holse cuosz i alreaty whata brain obsi down hay day
	layer_4: why there's not ime for a man to be sickin it repliety what a cirst lia for i am sick as a holes quosei already whata brain obsite down hay day
	layer_6: why there's notim for a man to be sickined replie ty what a curse lia for i am sick as a holese cuozi already what a brain obside down hay day
	layer_8: why there's notime forn a man to be sickened repliedhe what a cursed liar for i am sick as a holse quosi already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_10: why there's no time for no man to be sickened replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horlse quohs i already what a brain ubside down hey day
	layer_12: why there's no time for no man to be sickened replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horlse quoth i already what a brain ubside down hey day

file: 2506-13150-0002.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: saik aik
	layer_4: sack sacke
	layer_6: sack sak
	layer_8: sick sak
	layer_10: sik sik
	layer_12: sik sik

file: 2506-13150-0003.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: sak sink
	layer_4: sicke sick
	layer_6: sick sick
	layer_8: sick sick
	layer_10: sick sick
	layer_12: sick sick

file: 2506-13150-0004.flac
expected: when shall we get to land
	layer_2: one shal beget to land
	layer_4: whene shall be get a land
	layer_6: whene shall be get a land
	layer_8: whene shall we get to land
	layer_10: when shall we get to land
	layer_12: when shall we get to land

file: 2506-13150-0005.flac
expected: the wind chopp'd about
	layer_2: the wenc oked about
	layer_4: and the wenchoped about
	layer_6: and the wen chopcped about
	layer_8: and the wind chopcped about
	layer_10: and the wind chopped about
	layer_12: and the wind chopped about

file: 2506-13150-0006.flac
expected: s'death then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_2: s desh the ni shall met him fud imf the fae
	layer_4: sdes then i shall met him full in the face
	layer_6: zdes then i shall meet him full imn the face
	layer_8: zdeash then i shall meet him full im the face
	layer_10: zdeaths then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_12: zdeaths then i shall meet him full in the face

file: 2506-13150-0007.flac
expected: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashore
	layer_2: captain co she for have a' sake let as get ta shar
	layer_4: captain coo she for heae sake let us get as so
	layer_6: captain qroshe for heafer's zake let us get a shawl
	layer_8: captain quo he for heafeard's sake let us get ashawl
	layer_10: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashawl
	layer_12: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashawl

file: 2506-13150-0008.flac
expected: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_2: was not dimuckarites whoule laveten timesmore den i tan clerg ofr apdero
	layer_4: was not demucretus who laughe ten times more danye tan clergu of abdera
	layer_6: was not democritus who lauged ten times more tani town clerk of abdira
	layer_8: was not democratus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_10: was not democratus who loved ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_12: was not democratus who loved ten times more than i town clerk of abdera

file: 2506-13150-0009.flac
expected: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_2: nay if yhe doned belive me you may reads the chaptafor your pans
	layer_4: nay if you don't believe me you may reads the chapter for your pains
	layer_6: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_8: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_10: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_12: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains

file: 2506-11267-0000.flac
expected: i see shoals of them depart not perhaps without an innate longing too to quit the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_2: i ses shors of tume depard ndnot perhaps fesoard an enad longing too to kret the ioland dalong rihes ha bis nobs
	layer_4: ice shares of themen depard not perhaps os out an enaide longing too doocret the iseland along withers hapbys nobs
	layer_6: i ce shures of them depard not perhaps ovas out and anaid longing too dto gret the island along with theis happysnobs
	layer_8: i cee shares of them depart not perhaps washout an inade longing too to gret the island along with thes happy snobs
	layer_10: icey shores of them depart not perhaps without an inade longing too to get the island along with theise happy snobs
	layer_12: icey shores of them depart not perhaps without an inade longing too to get the island along with these happy snobs

file: 2506-11267-0001.flac
expected: farewell dear friends i say you little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and brother
	layer_2: foa a will you friens i say new littenow thathy endeividoa who regards you from the bech is your friend and his toryok rifer and proser
	layer_4: fr a well d your friends i say new lettlrekno that he endividual who regards you from the beache is your friend and historiocrapher and proszer
	layer_6: fora whill d yeur friends i say knew littleknow that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historeocrapher and proser
	layer_8: farewele dear friends i say knew little kno that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiocrapher and proser
	layer_10: farewell dear friends i say kyew little kno that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and his storiographer and proser
	layer_12: farewell dear friends i say kyew little kno that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and his storiographer and proser

file: 2506-11267-0002.flac
expected: i went to day to see our excellent friend snooks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching forth in their pride and bravery
	layer_2: i went to day to seeoureccelendfment snokes on bourtd the queen of a frienge many scause a snops was aire on the deck of sat findship marching faoce in their pridandt ravry
	layer_4: i went to day to see arexcellent fment snokes on bourd the queen of the frienghe many scolse a snops weres ar on the dack of sat findship marching falce in their prid ent bravry
	layer_6: i went to day to see our excellent vent snokes on board the queen of the frence many scorls er snops were here on the deck of sat fineship marching falce in their pride and bravfry
	layer_8: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scorsof snops were there on the deck of sat fineship marching false in their pride and bravfery
	layer_10: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scors of snops were there on the deck of tsat fine ship marching fals in their pride and bravery
	layer_12: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scors of snops were there on the deck of sat fine ship marching fals in their pride and bravery

file: 2506-11267-0003.flac
expected: they will be at ostend in four hours they will inundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_2: they will be at ostandind forhouers they wil in undayte the continan next wek they br carrianto far lans the fanmous emage of the prittish snope
	layer_4: they will be at ostent int four rhours they will enundate the continent next twek they wore caryan to far lance the famous emage of the british snolp
	layer_6: they will be at astind int four hours they will inundate the continent next tweek they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_8: they will be at astintd in four hours they will ennundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_10: they will be at austentin four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_12: they will be at austentin four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop

file: 2506-11267-0004.flac
expected: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagna of rome and have heard their oaths and their well known slang in the galleries of the vatican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_2: i have seeme snobs in pincodes andt unpting boots scaowring oves ta componiy of rome and hirvf hear ar ther rodestham theire wallnknon slaing and the ganres of the vaticon and to undered the shadry ardsxres of the colosm
	layer_4: i have seen snobs in pincods and hunting boots scowering overs a companyaof rome and have heard os heir rods tem their well known slang an the galeries of the vagican and to underd the chadewy archos of the colasime
	layer_6: i have seend snobs in pincodes and hunting boots scouring over a campani of rome and t have heard a their oad and theirewel known slang in the galleries of the vagican and to under the shadowy arches of the colosim
	layer_8: i have seen snobs in pin codes and hunting boots scouring over a campani of rome and have heard a their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the vacican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseume
	layer_10: i have seen snobs in pincotes and hunting boots scouring over the campagni of rome and have heard their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the bajican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseum
	layer_12: i have seen snobs in pincotes and hunting boots scouring over the campagn of rome and have heard their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the bajican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseum

file: 2506-11267-0005.flac
expected: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_2: my lady marginess comesomne board look s round with haid happe arr of minglel terrer and deparetnence which dhistinguishes her ladishoip and drecioas to her carrage for it is impossible that she should mingoe wits hy other snobson dace
	layer_4: oan my lady marghiness comes on board lookes round with aid happy airr of mingle terror and epertinance which distinguises her ladyship and recius to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobson dack
	layer_6: o my lady marcinus comes on board looks round with sad happy air of mingle terror and epertenence which distinguises her ladyship and resius to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_8: o my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_10: omy lady marginess comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_12: omy lady margioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck

file: 2506-11267-0006.flac
expected: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_2: there she sats and will be ellemprivad
	layer_4: there she sats and will be illem privarde
	layer_6: there she sats and will be ellemprivate
	layer_8: there she sats and will be ill imprivate
	layer_10: there she sits and will be ill imprivate
	layer_12: there she sits and will be ill imprivate

file: 2506-11267-0007.flac
expected: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's heart
	layer_2: thestrobrleae on her charat pannels ur in grat on her lady ships hard
	layer_4: thistrobraryleas on her chariet pannels are in greate on her lady ship's hard
	layer_6: this trawboery leaes on her chariot pannels are ing great on her ladyship's hard
	layer_8: this trawbery leaves on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heard
	layer_10: the strawbery leaves on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heart
	layer_12: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heart

file: 2506-11267-0008.flac
expected: and davis you'd best take the pistol case into the cabin
	layer_2: and devas you'd bestike the pirsocasonthoitsa caven
	layer_4: and davers you'd bastake the picolcase into hishecavin
	layer_6: and davors you'd bastake the pistlcase into his cavbin
	layer_8: and daves you'd best take the pistl case into his cavbern
	layer_10: and davis you'd best take the pistol case into his cabin
	layer_12: and davis you'd best take the pistole case into his cabin

file: 2506-11267-0009.flac
expected: look at honest nathan houndsditch and his lady and their little son
	layer_2: lookat almost nace on hands tigh an his lady and thir litta sume
	layer_4: look et almost nace in hand stich an his lady and ther littl sun
	layer_6: look at almost nacein handstitch and his lady am their little sun
	layer_8: look at almost nacon handstitch and his lady i'm their little son
	layer_10: look at almost nacin haundstitch and his lady i'm their little son
	layer_12: look at almost nacein haundstitch and his lady i'm their little son

file: 2506-11267-0010.flac
expected: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_2: what a nuble ar of bleasin contentment illuminade tofeatuers ale tho esnobs of eastn rase
	layer_4: what e noble ar of blezsing contentment iluminate te features ale thos snops of eastan race
	layer_6: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features o those snops of easter race
	layer_8: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_10: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_12: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race

file: 2506-11267-0011.flac
expected: what a toilette houndsditch's is
	layer_2: whatha t wonat hounds di hisas
	layer_4: what a wane at hounds ditchesays
	layer_6: what at one it houns ditches as
	layer_8: what at onenit hound's ditchesas
	layer_10: what a tonenit hounds ditchesas
	layer_12: what a tonenight hounds ditchesas

file: 2506-11267-0012.flac
expected: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_2: oit wile neveher s parhimself any theepen joymend
	layer_4: it will nevers bare himself any cheap an joyment
	layer_6: it will never spare himself any ceap enjoyment
	layer_8: it will never spare himself any ceap enjoyment
	layer_10: it will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_12: it will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment

file: 2506-11267-0013.flac
expected: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquely and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_2: i havesat before i like to lookat the peoples on their gallar days thee so pietrussely ant outragiouslysplendedant hapby
	layer_4: i have sad before i like to look at the peoples on thei gallar days theyre a so pictrasiucelly and outeragously splended and havy
	layer_6: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days there aie so pictrasqcely and out erageously splendid and hapby
	layer_8: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gallar days there are so picturasqcually and outorageously splendid and happy
	layer_10: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they ere so picturesquelly and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_12: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days theyr are so picturesquelly and outrageously splendid and happy

file: 2506-11267-0014.flac
expected: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tight and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snob as any man on board
	layer_2: yonther comes ceptaam balspican span tied and drim whit travees for forre sixmon sevea year of vhis life who oes not commit himself by locry of ramen d owrensolents of demeaner but i a think is as great disoppas any man on board
	layer_4: yonder comes captan ball spekand span tied and drim whi travels fer four o six month serve year of his life who does not commit himself by luxory of rame ent orensolence of demaner but i u think is as greates nompos any man on board
	layer_6: jonder comes captan bull spack an spand tied and drim wer travels for four or six month s every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanor but i  think is a s greatdestnoppes any man on board
	layer_8: yonder comes captain bull spack and span tihtd and drim whi travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanor but i think is as greatest oppas any man on board
	layer_10: yonder comes captain baul spick and span tide and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great as nop as any man on board
	layer_12: yonder comes captain baul spickand span tide and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great as nop as any man on board

file: 2506-11267-0015.flac
expected: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_2: bol passes asceason nd london sponging for diners and sleping in acarrid near his clop
	layer_4: bull passes the ceason in lonton sponging for dinners and toleoaping in a garriet nea his clup
	layer_6: ball passes the season in lonton sponging for dinners and sleoping in a garret near his clup
	layer_8: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his clup
	layer_10: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_12: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garriet near his club

file: 2506-11267-0016.flac
expected: see he is up to old carabas already i told you he would
	layer_2: see ins aptold carpbasalrady i tald o he wuld
	layer_4: see  ns up told carpbasalridy i told he he would
	layer_6: see e 's up to old careabers already i told ye he would
	layer_8: see e nis up to old carbers already i told you he would
	layer_10: see i's up to old corbers already i told ye he would
	layer_12: see his up to old cowbers already i told ye he would

file: 2506-11267-0017.flac
expected: that broad shouldered buck with the great whiskers and the cleaned white kid gloves is mister phelim clancy of poldoodystown he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brogue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or ecarte with him the chances are that you will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_2: that brough cuded bok waes agreat weskcirs om the klean twite kid glos is mister fellum clantcy of poldudy stown he cause himself mister doclonce he andevus tod disginse es native rouk wih a richest so peposition of inglish and af uplay ad billy ards or recart with him tdhe chantersare that he wirl wen the thirs gaing and he the seven au eaigt games andsuing
	layer_4: that broah cholded book wats a great wiskers am the clean twite kid gloves mis mister felumn clancy of pouldudy stown he caulse himself mister doclan cee he endeavurs to disguishes native bruk with te richest superposition of english and if fhuplay hat billyards or recart with him did chantcess are that he will win the tirst gan and he the seven all eight games and suing
	layer_6: that broad cshoulderet book wih a great whiskers and the clean twuite kitcluvhs is mister fellom clansy of pouldutys town he callse himself mister duclan cei he endeavous to disguise his native brokg with the richest superposition of english and if yoeu play at billiards or recart with him did chances are that he will when the tirst gane and he the seven oll eight games an suwing
	layer_8: that broad shouldered book with the great whiskers and the clean white kidglovhs is mister fallom clanzy of pol dutyes down he calls himself mister deuqlan cy he endeavorsd to disguise his native brague with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or acart with him did chances are that he well when the first gam and he the seven orl eight games ensuing
	layer_10: that broad shouldered book with the great whiskers and the clean white kid gloths is mister pallam clansy of pol dutiestown he calls himself mister deuqlanccy he endeavours to disguise his native braugue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiardes or a cart with him did chancers are that he were when the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_12: that broad shouldered book with the great whiskers and the clean white kidcloths is mister pallam clansy of pol dutiestown he calls himself mister duqlan cy he endeavours to disguise his native braugue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiardes or a cart with him did chancers are that ye were when the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing

file: 2506-11267-0018.flac
expected: the next person is but hark
	layer_2: the nex persan is n bertthrgk
	layer_4: the next berson is un bet hark
	layer_6: the next person is unbet hark
	layer_8: the next person is ulbet hark
	layer_10: the next person is ubert hark
	layer_12: the next person is ubert hark

file: 2506-11278-0000.flac
expected: when a gross instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist call the public attention to that delinquency too
	layer_2: when a grose instans of snoubbmishness happens i should not the indignant ganarlis caus ha publicattention tuds at delling tucy to
	layer_4: when it grose instance of snobishness happens wi should not the indignant jarnaliss caus the public attention dudes tat deling pucy too
	layer_6: when it groses instance of snomishness happens why should not the indignant jurnalis calse the public attention dudes hat deling cucy too
	layer_8: when it grows instance of snomishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cals the public attention dutes that delincucy too
	layer_10: when it grows instance of snomishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cauls the public attention does that delincacy too
	layer_12: when it grows instance of snomishness happens why should not the indignant journalist caus the public attention does that delincracy too

file: 2506-11278-0001.flac
expected: how for instance could that wonderful case of the earl of mangelwurzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_2: how for enstance could sat wond rfol cate of the aun of mangle wr so atd his broser be exeminet in the s nobish pointe u
	layer_4: how for instance could sat wondrfulcate of the al of mangle vurzal and his brozer be exemened in the snobish point of ew
	layer_6: how for instance could sat wonderful kate of the as of manglverzl and his broser be examined in the snoblish point of view
	layer_8: how for instance could sthat wonderful kate of the asn of mangalevertil and his procer be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_10: how for instance could that wonderful kate of the isn of mangel verzil and his brucer be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_12: how for instance could that wonderful kate of the aisn of mangelverzil and his brucer be examined in the snobbish point of view

file: 2506-11278-0002.flac
expected: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelwurzelshire
	layer_2: al re reqliy is tha samanshould be recomminedtu as by the erl of magae sutiure
	layer_4: all re require is thas a man should be recommended to us by the earl of maga rar suthar
	layer_6: all we require is thes a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangevra sassthare
	layer_8: all we require is thas a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangaroae susctur
	layer_10: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mengovrl succha
	layer_12: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mengorone sucha

file: 2506-11278-0003.flac
expected: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_2: o you prid of ol slmor bland
	layer_4: o you pride of all snoland
	layer_6: o you prid of all snobland
	layer_8: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_10: oh you pride of all snobland
	layer_12: oh you pride of all snobland

file: 2506-11278-0004.flac
expected: o you crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and parasites
	layer_2: arycrearing trockling self comfast lackes and pararcies
	layer_4: orycrawing trockling self confast lackies and parasides
	layer_6: a recrawing truckling selfconfast lackies and parasides
	layer_8: a recrawling truckling self confest luckyes and parasides
	layer_10: a recrawing truckling self confessed luckeies and paracidtes
	layer_12: a recrawling truckling self confessed luckeies and paracites

file: 2506-11278-0005.flac
expected: it was her snobbish sentiment that misled her and made her vanities a prey to the swindling fortune teller
	layer_2: it was ha snobbise sentiment thuht mislet her and to mate have vanities apprayd da t this wendling fortuntaler
	layer_4: it was her snobih sentiment thugt miss let er and to madte hav vanitieis apprayd this windling fortune taler
	layer_6: it was her snobbish sentiment thut misslet her and to made her vanityes apraed the swindling fortune taner
	layer_8: it was her snobbish sentiment thut miss led her and to make her vanities ar preyd the swindling fortune tanler
	layer_10: it was her snobbish sentiment thought missled her and to make her vanities of prade the swindling fortune taler
	layer_12: it was her snobbish sentiment thought missled her and to make her vanities of preyede  the swindling fortune taler

file: 2506-11278-0006.flac
expected: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting young french lady
	layer_2: howld your coan for ta prodighes benevilen'e ixercis to ws s entersting ion frenth lady
	layer_4: how wild your coun for the prodigues benevelence exercise towars heintusting infrench lady
	layer_6: how would youra count for the prodigues benevolence exercised towards the interesting in french lady
	layer_8: how would you ccount for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting yund french lady
	layer_10: how would you a ccount for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting yand french lady
	layer_12: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting yand french lady

file: 2506-11278-0007.flac
expected: the honest boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_2: the hlmhorst bording house peble rat her feetetwons
	layer_4: the homost bording house people reat her feetert wones
	layer_6: the homost bording house people wrat her feed at ons
	layer_8: the homos badinghouse people rat her feet at once
	layer_10: the homor's boarding house people rat her feet at once
	layer_12: the homor's boarding house people rat her feet at once

file: 2506-11278-0008.flac
expected: good honest simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_2: god honmas symbpel lor d loving jildlrem of s molent
	layer_4: gooda hone symple lord loving gildrem of smoblant
	layer_6: good hono simple lord loving jeldrem of smoland
	layer_8: good honour simple lord loving jeldrem of snobland
	layer_10: good honor simple lord loving childrem of snoland
	layer_12: good honou simple lord loving childrem of snobland

file: 2506-11278-0009.flac
expected: finally there was the case of the right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_2: finily therewas occase of derighte on obr mister ven an that oug
	layer_4: finally there was occase of deride onoube mister vern an at dogue
	layer_6: finally there was a case of derihte honourable mister ven an at eork
	layer_8: finally there was a case of de right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_10: finally there was a case of de right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_12: finally there was a case of de right honourable mister vernon at york

file: 2506-11278-0010.flac
expected: the right honourable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_2: therite onorabo was ha son of anoboman and prectist onon o lady
	layer_4: the riht honorable was a son of anobleman and practist ononorld lady
	layer_6: the right honorable was a son of a noblemaen and practised onanold lady
	layer_8: the right honorable was a son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_10: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_12: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady

file: 2506-11278-0011.flac
expected: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_2: then he castd hisnets over family f father mother anddaughters one of him hepoprosed demary
	layer_4: then he cast hisnets over y family o father mother and aughters one of him he proprosed a mary
	layer_6: then he cast his nets over a family o father mother and aughters one of him he proposed to marry
	layer_8: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_10: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_12: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry

file: 2506-11278-0012.flac
expected: one day the traitor fled with a teapot and a basketful of cold victuals
	layer_2: one dayve the drat of blat with a tee pate and a busket ful of caltd ficgaters
	layer_4: one daved the dradt of blet with a ta bote and a bosketful of callt figtures
	layer_6: one dave the drade of blat with a teapater and abosketfull of coldt fictures
	layer_8: one dave the dradt of blad with a teap poter and a basketful of cold victures
	layer_10: one dave the drate of blat with a teapoter and a basketfull of colt pictures
	layer_12: one dae the drate of blad with a tea poter and a basketfull of colt pictures

file: 2506-11278-0013.flac
expected: it was the right honourable which baited the hook which gorged all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_2: it was arviede onorabele which ba d the hok which gorgee al these greeadyse simple snobes
	layer_4: it was anvite honorable which bated the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_6: it was invide honourable which bated the hook which gorge all these greedys simple snabs
	layer_8: it was irn vite honourable which baited the hook which gorge alld these greedy simple snobs
	layer_10: it was a rit honourable which baited the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_12: it was ar rit honourable which baited the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs

file: 2506-11278-0014.flac
expected: would they have been taken in by a commoner
	layer_2: what hey have ben takenin byy comrne
	layer_4: what tey have been taken in by commoner
	layer_6: what they have been takeng in by commoner
	layer_8: woul they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_10: would they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_12: would they have been taken in by commoner

file: 2506-11278-0015.flac
expected: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_2: a las and a lis what mator mam thae speaks etrts can hepe for such anand lady
	layer_4: alass and alars what marter man the speak se truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_6: alas and alas what morter mam the speaks te truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_8: alas and alas what mortal man the speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_10: alas and alais what mortal ma'am that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_12: alas and alais what mortal ma'am that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady

file: 2506-11278-0016.flac
expected: and yet all these instances of fond and credulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_2: and at wal sys insences of fon dand cratulus slobsness ave accuredan the same weeks paper wais he no s how many scholrl mal
	layer_4: and yet walsthys insences or fond and craculous snobithness have occurred am the same weeks paber wis her nose how many schorl mor
	layer_6: and yet walstes inctanses orf fond and cratulous snobbishness have occured amd the same weeks paper with he knowsd how many scorl more
	layer_8: and yet wals thes insctances of fond andcradulous snobbishness have occurred im the same weeks paper with who knows how many schorl more
	layer_10: and yet wal thes instances of fond ancredulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_12: and yet wall thes instances of fond ancredulous snobbishness have occurred an the same week's paper with who knows how many score more

file: 2506-11278-0017.flac
expected: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_2: we artheree sestis mo seventeen to trendte to
	layer_4: we are three sstic rmone seventeen to twentitone
	layer_6: we are three sistes on seventeen to twentytume
	layer_8: we are three cisters rom seventeen to twenty tone
	layer_10: we are three sisters room seventeen to twenty twom
	layer_12: we are three sisters room seventeen to twenty two

file: 2506-11278-0018.flac
expected: we are just the same to persons with a handle to their name as to those without it
	layer_2: we ire just assemed to pesens fr as a handle tohean amemust do sos wats outete
	layer_4: we are just a seeme to persons fol wis ta handletwoth t an am m ust i those washout it
	layer_6: we are just e semd to persons forl ws a handle to teiram must do those without it
	layer_8: we are just the sam to persons forwish a handle to their ame as do those without it
	layer_10: we are just the same to persons woways a handle to their name as do those without it
	layer_12: we are just the same to persons whoways a handle to their name as to those without it

file: 2506-11278-0019.flac
expected: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hope
	layer_2: if you do i canotalpid bud iinm oe the sangren disposition and a tetain hitllingering homp
	layer_4: if yoeu do i cannotal it but ia o te sanguin disposition and endertain the lingering homep
	layer_6: if you do i cannot help it but i am morther sanguine disposition and entertain te lingering hompe
	layer_8: if you do i cannot help it but i am other sanguine disposition and entertain the lingering hompe
	layer_10: if you do i cannot help it but i am of the sanguine disposition and entertain the lingering hompe
	layer_12: if you do i cannot help it but i am of the sanguine disposition and entertain the lingering hompe

file: 2506-11278-0020.flac
expected: excuse this scrawl but i always write headlong
	layer_2: excuseis grl but i always right had long
	layer_4: excushes grawll but i always right had long
	layer_6: excusethis grawl but i always right had long
	layer_8: excusethis grawel but i always right had long
	layer_10: excuse this grawel but i always rit headlong
	layer_12: excuse this grawal but i always rite headlong

file: 2506-11278-0021.flac
expected: we never write on perfumed paper in short i can't help thinking that if you knew us you would not think us snobs
	layer_2: we never writ oan profumed to paver it j ard i comt up sinking that if hi nes you would lot sing isnops
	layer_4: we never riht and prerfume to paver it george i com't up sinking that if he nus you would not sink i snops
	layer_6: we never wriht on prefumed to paver in george i cant up sinking that if he knewus you would not sink a snops
	layer_8: we never write on perfume o paver in george i can't hep sinking that if he knew us you would not sink a snops
	layer_10: we never write on perfume to paper in george i can't help thinking that if he knew us he would not sink a snops
	layer_12: we never write on perfume to paper in george i can't help shinking that if he knew us ye would not sink a snops

file: 2506-11278-0022.flac
expected: i shall have a black crape round my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with the richly gilt knob
	layer_2: i shal have a black ra ero had my  white heat ants my ousuao baum be came as s e rictally gildt noe
	layer_4: i shall have a black raber had my n white head and o my usal an boo cae is ser rictly gilts norvf
	layer_6: i shall have a black crabeor had myn white had and my usual bambo came wet ser richally guilt knof
	layer_8: i shall have a black cra er od my white hat and my usual bambo cane with sir richely gilt knorp
	layer_10: i shall have a black craper and my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with sir richly gilt knarv
	layer_12: i shall have a black crayper and my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with sir richly gilt knorf

file: 2506-11278-0023.flac
expected: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_2: i am sorryos thi will be no time to get up mostacious bedt wee know and lext wet
	layer_4: i am sorr is there will be no time to get up mustacious betwee now and next weeg
	layer_6: i am so heu there will be no time to get up moustacious betwee now and next week
	layer_8: i am sore there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_10: i am sorre there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_12: i am sorre there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week

file: 2506-11278-0024.flac
expected: from seventeen to two and twenty ye gods what ages
	layer_2: from seventeenm e to intrenty yid gots wrtageus
	layer_4: from seventeen i to intrenty yi godsort agus
	layer_6: from seventeem e to entrente yoeure god sourt ageos
	layer_8: from seventeen tetuintrentee your god sort ages
	layer_10: from seventeen to tuintrentee your gods ortages
	layer_12: from seventeen to tuintrentee your gods ortages

file: 2506-11278-0025.flac
expected: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_2: da youn creatius i can see y u all threet
	layer_4: theae young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_6: ther young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_8: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_10: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_12: dear young creatures i can see you all three

file: 2506-11278-0026.flac
expected: seventeen suits me as nearest my own time of life but mind i don't say two and twenty is too old
	layer_2: sevent inm sus me as neas my antime  flife but myt i don't sayt n trenty stard
	layer_4: seventeen sus me as near s my untime offlife but my hd i don't say tou n trenty stalld
	layer_6: seventeensus me as near as my on time of life but myht i don't say to n trenty stald
	layer_8: seventeen sus me as near as my on time of life but miht i don't say two auntranty stold
	layer_10: seventeen suets me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say to untrent y stuld
	layer_12: seventeen suts me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say to untrenty stuld

file: 2506-11278-0027.flac
expected: no no and that pretty roguish demure middle one
	layer_2: nno no afd thet frity rogis to mur middlr one
	layer_4: annow kno af that ritty roge is demumiddoe one
	layer_6: now now a'm tha tretty roguis demur middle one
	layer_8: now now i'm that tretty rogui's demure midl one
	layer_10: an now no i'm tha pretty roguie's demure middleone
	layer_12: annow no i'm tha pretty rogue's demure middleone

file: 2506-11278-0028.flac
expected: peace peace thou silly little fluttering heart
	layer_2: pes pease thair cillylissteo fluttering hard
	layer_4: pes peas their silly listle fluttering heard
	layer_6: peas peas the silly litle fluttering heart
	layer_8: pease peacse the silly little fluttering heart
	layer_10: pea's pease thy silly little fluttering heart
	layer_12: peas pease thy silly little fluttering heart

file: 2506-11278-0029.flac
expected: you snobs dear young ladies
	layer_2: youe snlabsty young ladis
	layer_4: yue snobste young ladies
	layer_6: youse snobs thy young ladies
	layer_8: you snobs the young ladies
	layer_10: you snobs the young ladies
	layer_12: you snobs the young ladies

file: 2506-11278-0030.flac
expected: i will pull any man's nose who says so
	layer_2: i will por any men's now s o saesso
	layer_4: i il pot any man'sno su sas so
	layer_6: i willpau any man's kno su caess so
	layer_8: i will pou any man's know shu ses so
	layer_10: i will pout any man's knowe who says so
	layer_12: i will pourt any man's knose who says so

file: 2506-11278-0031.flac
expected: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_2: there is no harm e being of a goo family
	layer_4: there is no harman being of a good family
	layer_6: there is no harmin being of a good family
	layer_8: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_10: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_12: there is no harm in being of a good family

file: 2506-11278-0032.flac
expected: you can't help it poor dears what's in a name
	layer_2: yu cone telpit poids whatsint e mame
	layer_4: you can't ep it por ideas what's in a mame
	layer_6: you can't thellp it for i dears what's in a name
	layer_8: you can't hellp it poor i dears what's in a name
	layer_10: you can't help it poor idears what's in a name
	layer_12: you can't help it poor idears what's in a name

file: 2506-11278-0033.flac
expected: that very confidence savours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_2: that fery comfoidensavous of aragans af tor be arigant is to be asnab
	layer_4: that ery confident savius of arogans anf tor be arogant is to be a snob
	layer_6: that very confident savious of arrogans afd to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_8: that very confident saviors of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_10: that very confident saviours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_12: that very confident saviours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob

file: 2506-11278-0034.flac
expected: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_2: bu dal theiyr no kaninates lhei tend the hards yher saus humble simple an trues lovhing
	layer_4: but dano theyr no kindi natures lo tend te hards there saus humble simble and truw s loving
	layer_6: but aneas theyr no kindly natures notender heards theoe sau's humble symble and trus loving
	layer_8: but arerst they are no kindly natures no tender hearts these sauls humble symble and truths loving
	layer_10: but aret there are no kindly natures no tender hearts no saurs humble symple and truth loving
	layer_12: but arent there are no kindly natures no tender hearts yo saurs humble simple and truth loving

file: 2506-11278-0035.flac
expected: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_2: punder well on this questionts watyon ladies
	layer_4: ponder well on this question swetyong ladies
	layer_6: ponder well on this question sweed young ladies
	layer_8: ponderwell on this questione sweet young ladies
	layer_10: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_12: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies

file: 2506-169427-0000.flac
expected: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodical or accidental payments of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive till at length in some evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principal upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations
	layer_2: inters however still roun zon em bothcases supe readicalr ar excedtadt a payment of it jus serving to keep the memory of the affa relive tillat lengs in some we ev lower pup comese crediter upon eage andterby d amonding brinciple up on the spot toget her was fall an dress to ti very day makes ame both feield the foullextent of theirve obligcations
	layer_4: interest thowever still runzon ind both cases su periodica or excidant a payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affarerelife till at length in some  eve l ower pop come te credid or upon each and to by damonding principle upon the spot together was full anddress to the very day makes them both fiel the full extent of their roblications
	layer_6: interest however still ranzon in both cates theperiodica or excidentapayment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affeirorelife till at length insoneveal our pop comes te creditor upon each and  by demanding principle upon the spot together wis full indress to the very day makes them both feield the full extent of their oblications
	layer_8: interest however still run zon in both cates the periodica or accident al payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairellife till at length in som evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full intress to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their roblications
	layer_10: interest however still runs on in both cases su periodica or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair ral life till at length in some evil hour pop comes he creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full intrest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_12: interest however still runs on in both cases su periodica or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair real life till at length in some evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full intrest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications

file: 2506-169427-0001.flac
expected: as the reader for i hate your ifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mementos
	layer_2: as reder for i had your wrives as a torre knoledge of humanature i need notam more to setefy him said my hear o could not go ond at this rade resoud some slight experiencs of seeasentident o emantos
	layer_4: as e reader for i hade your rives as a thoregn knowledge of human ature i need not tae more to satify him said my hearo could not go on at this rade resoutd some slight experience of theson to dentl me mantos
	layer_6: as the reader for i hade your rifs as a thoregn knowledge of humanature i need not sayme more to satify him sait my hero could not go on at this rade wihout some slight experience of theseon ti dentl me mantos
	layer_8: as the reader for i hade your rifs has a torougn knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him said my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of thesean sidentle mi manteas
	layer_10: as the reader for i hate your rifs has a thorougn knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him taid my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these in cidental mimantas
	layer_12: as the reader for i hate your rifs has a thorougn knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him thaid my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these in cidental mimanteas

file: 2506-169427-0002.flac
expected: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding eugenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted thro any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and a mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be cross'd out in course
	layer_2: to speeak the druth he had  wantonly invohedt himelf in a murtitute of small booketof thistan which not we standing yegeniousas requented fice he two much dise rygarded tinking tat as notd one of then was contracted flrugh any mylignacy but on the condray from an aler sty of mint and dema deccundity of humer they woue alno then becrostountin coas
	layer_4: to speeak the truth he had wantenly involthed himself in a maltitute of small book tets of this s tamp which not wish stending egenious as frequentad fice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any mylignacy but on the condry from an hoesty of mind and te mar de occoundity of humour they would allof than be crosstoutin coause
	layer_6: to speak the truth he had wantinly involved himself in a multitude of small book thats of this stamp which notwithstanding ugenious as frequented vice he too much tisregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted throeugh any malignacy but on the contrary from an homesty of mind and the mere drorcundity of humour they would allof them be crossdoutin  cause
	layer_8: to speak the truth he had wantinly involved himself in t a multitude of small boock deds of this stamp which notwithstanding eu genious as frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and te mere drocandity of humor they would all of them be crossed out in case
	layer_10: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small bookdebts of this stamp which notwithstanding au genius as frequentedvice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere decudity of humor they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_12: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small bookdebts of this stamp which notwithstanding au genius as frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere decudity of humor they would all of them be crossed out in cause

file: 2506-169427-0003.flac
expected: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or other he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost mite
	layer_2: ugin his hwould nevert midt this and wrut often tell him tot onm day a raar hoe would satinly be recontwics and hei would ofen ad in an axcent of sorrowful apprehansion th ise utter mosed bit
	layer_4: ugin his would never  mit this and wud often tell him that t one day a rozer he would sertainly be reckoned wish and he wuld often add in an accent of sorrow ful apprehansion to the uttermost biht
	layer_6: uginiues would never admit this and would often tell him that one day o rozer he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrow ful apprehension to the uttermost bit
	layer_8: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or roter he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost might
	layer_10: eugenie's would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rother he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost might
	layer_12: eugenies would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rothwe he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost might

file: 2506-169427-0004.flac
expected: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_2: what in cl ing u genusd tois thasseme l penion was as fllows
	layer_4: what inclind ugenious to s the same opinion was as follows
	layer_6: what inclined ugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_8: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_10: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_12: what inclined eugenus to the same opinion was as follows

file: 2506-169427-0005.flac
expected: yorick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed them and never opened them more
	layer_2: yourecc folloge hou genis washisis tho tha dool his en closed thim and to never opee them more
	layer_4: youric followge ougenis was his ies to the doal his enclosed them and tonever opend them mor
	layer_6: ouric followege heugenus was his yes tooh the doll his enclose to them and te never opened them more
	layer_8: uric followed eugenus wits his eyes tooththe dool his enclosed t them and to never opened them mole
	layer_10: yeuric followed eugenius with his eyes tooh the doorl he then closed t them and o never opened them mall
	layer_12: yeuric followed eugenius with his eyes toh the dool he then closed to them and to never opened them all

file: 2506-169427-0006.flac
expected: alas poor yorick
	layer_2: alas polyouric
	layer_4: a lass puol uric
	layer_6: alas po yeuric
	layer_8: alas pol youric
	layer_10: alas pall youric
	layer_12: alas paull youric

file: 4570-14911-0000.flac
expected: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_2: nevertheless in eneal apparence te harier and the foux sound ofverg much a like the one obfvious distinction being that of sies
	layer_4: never theless in general appeareance the harier and the fox hound of very much a like the one obvious distinction being that of sides
	layer_6: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound o very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of sis
	layer_8: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_10: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound arevery much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_12: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the fox hound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size

file: 4570-14911-0001.flac
expected: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_2: if you want to hunt or harr yours on floot sixten inches is quiete bigyou nouth almost to big to run wit but if you ar ridingnto them twenting inches as a useful hight cor even nignettnuninghers
	layer_4: if you want to hunter hariers on foot sixteeng inches is quite big yoenough almost too big to run with but if you are ridingngto them twenty inches as a useful hight or even nineteenunites
	layer_6: if you want to hunt yor harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding ito them twenty inches as a useful height or even nineteenn inches
	layer_8: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_10: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even ninetee inches
	layer_12: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches

file: 4570-14911-0002.flac
expected: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_2: it eisusless to lay down in y hard and fashd rual asdt colock it is somuch a matter of individual taste
	layer_4: it is useless dto lay down in ty hard and fasht rual as t color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_6: it is useless to lay down an y hard and fastd rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_8: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_10: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_12: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste

file: 4570-14911-0003.flac
expected: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be kept and reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_2: but pupis r usely sent out to walk and may asly be procuared to be captaan rerd untill their oldenough to be intered to their work
	layer_4: but puppies are usualy sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain rerd until their old enough to be enter to their work
	layer_6: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easuily be procured to be captain reard until the re old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_8: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until the are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_10: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_12: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work

file: 4570-14911-0004.flac
expected: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_2: he is of course finer but with thee linkh of neck so perfect ind the biger holnd  ttle shoulders of the same patern and the to picol quarters and second fhos
	layer_4: he is of course fliner but with the lingth of neck so perfect in the bigger hound e little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical  quarters and second fhies
	layer_6: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies
	layer_8: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighes
	layer_10: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigker hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_12: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigker hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs

file: 4570-14911-0005.flac
expected: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_2: and when he is fairely on a line of course stics to it as the sayng s like a bgl
	layer_4: and when he is fairly on a line of course e sticks to it as the saying is like a begle
	layer_6: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the sang is like a beagle
	layer_8: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beegle
	layer_10: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_12: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle

file: 4570-14911-0006.flac
expected: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_2: it is quite possible ther fore that the begle was crossed with te welsh sothern or outter hound to get more size and power as there centanly was  welsh rough couatid begle of good eaghtheen intes and an almost at denical centimprary that was called the essex beee
	layer_4: it is quite possible therefore that the bigle was crossed with te welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certanly was a welsh rough coated begle of good eighteen inches and an almost at denical contimprary that was called the essex begle
	layer_6: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or oter hound to get more sigze and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost at dentical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_8: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost it dentical contemporary that was called the ssex beagle
	layer_10: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_12: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle

file: 4570-14911-0007.flac
expected: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagle association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_2: that a great miny of the true or were bread became veryd menipfist as sonnas the harrior and begaloassostation was form and more particlly when asection of the petr birl houndshow was reserved for thet
	layer_4: that a great many of the true ordror were bread became very manafest as soon as the harier andbegal assosiation was form and more particually when asection of the peter birgh hound show was reserved for then
	layer_6: that a great many of the true order were bread became very manifest as soon as the harrier and begal association was form and more particuarly when a assection of the peterborugh hound show was reserved for them
	layer_8: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier andbegle association was formed and more particularly when asection of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_10: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and bveagale association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hounds show was reserved for them
	layer_12: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and veagle association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hounds show was reserved for them

file: 4570-14911-0008.flac
expected: then they seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_2: then i seemed desprangkfrommeery part of the country
	layer_4: then i seemed to springkorm eery part of the country
	layer_6: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_8: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_10: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_12: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country

file: 4570-14911-0009.flac
expected: one hears now of the chauston the halstead place very noted indeed the hulton the leigh park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus g w hilliard's missus price's and missus turner's
	layer_2: one hers now of the chostomn the housetad plas fvery noted in ded the holton the lea park the stoke place the et enbirk the i serbiton dhe trnity foloot the wootd day missus udugbia hil ars issis prices anf missus turnere
	layer_4: one heres now of the choston the housed ad place very noted indeed the halton the lea park the stoke place the edenberk the serbaton the trinity foot the wood dal missus eduia hilliards misus prices and missus ternerse
	layer_6: one hears now of the choston the houst ed place very noted indeed the halton the leapark the stoke place the edinburg the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddal missus jeudugya hillyards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_8: one hears now of the chaston the hous ed place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburg the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus eduga hilliards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_10: one hears now of the chawston the houseted place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stok place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus eudugyaw hillyards missus price's and missus turner's
	layer_12: one hears now of the chawston the housested place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stok place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus eudugyaw hillyards missus price's and missus turner's

file: 4570-14911-0010.flac
expected: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_2: is bround dark casal hor hasal not deep sat nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_4: eyes brown dark azel or hazel not deep set norbulgy and with a miled expression
	layer_6: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat norbulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_8: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_10: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_12: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression

file: 4570-14911-0011.flac
expected: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_2: ears long set on low finintextur and hanging in a graceful fold clos to the cheak
	layer_4: ers long set on low finein texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_6: ears long set on low finein texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_8: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_10: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_12: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek

file: 4570-14911-0012.flac
expected: neck moderately long slightly arched the throat showing some dewlap
	layer_2: net modertly long slily arghd the throat showing som do bat
	layer_4: neck moderatly long slily arched the throat sowing som du ap
	layer_6: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some do bap
	layer_8: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some dolapt
	layer_10: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some du lap
	layer_12: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some du lap

file: 4570-14911-0013.flac
expected: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_2: shoulders cleean and slightly sloping
	layer_4: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_6: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_8: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_10: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_12: shoulders clean and slightly sloping

file: 4570-14911-0014.flac
expected: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_2: forlis pitch street fwell under the dog of good subtance and round in the bomne
	layer_4: forleg pite street fwell under the dog of good substance and round in the bome
	layer_6: four legs qwuite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bome
	layer_8: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_10: fore legs qwuite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_12: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone

file: 4570-14911-0015.flac
expected: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_2: feet round well nuckle d up and stronly patted
	layer_4: feet round well knuckled up and strongly patted
	layer_6: feet round well knuckled up and strongly patded
	layer_8: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_10: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_12: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded

file: 4570-14911-0016.flac
expected: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_2: cot smoe vridy smooth very dence and not two fine or short
	layer_4: coat smoth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short
	layer_6: coat smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short
	layer_8: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_10: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_12: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short

file: 4570-14911-0017.flac
expected: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_2: hiht not ecceeting sixten anthes
	layer_4: hight not exceeding sixteen enches
	layer_6: hight not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_8: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_10: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_12: height not exceeding sixteen inches

file: 4570-24733-0000.flac
expected: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_2: all things which follow from the absolutein nature of any atribeutof god must always exist and be infinite or n other words are each harnal and infinite through the said atribu
	layer_4: all things which follow from the absolute in nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are each hernal and infinite through thee said attribute
	layer_6: all things which follow from the absolutein nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are e ernal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_8: all things which follow from the absolutein nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_10: all things which follow from the absolute in nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_12: all things which follow from the absolute in nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute

file: 4570-24733-0001.flac
expected: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_2: profconceeve ifit be possible supposing the proposition to be denide that the something in same aterbaute of godcan follow fromty absolute nature of these said atribut and that t e same time it is finight and has a conditiond existance or diration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribeaut thought
	layer_4: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that the something in some atribute of god can follow from thee absolute nature of these said atribute and that at the same time it is finight and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_6: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that te something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_8: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_10: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_12: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought

file: 4570-24733-0002.flac
expected: in its nature infinite
	layer_2: in ids nature infinit
	layer_4: in its nature infinite
	layer_6: in its nature infinite
	layer_8: in its nature infinite
	layer_10: in its nature infinite
	layer_12: in its nature infinite

file: 4570-24733-0003.flac
expected: must necessarily exist
	layer_2: must necessarily exist
	layer_4: must necessarily exist
	layer_6: must necessarily exist
	layer_8: must necessarily exist
	layer_10: must necessarily exist
	layer_12: must necessarily exist

file: 4570-24733-0004.flac
expected: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_2: wle have now grated therefore thought not consirtuting the idea of god and acqortingly the idea of god does not naturally follow fro mites nature inso far as it is absolutt thought four iteis conceie as consituting and also as not costtuding the idea of god which is against or hap othesus
	layer_4: we have now grated therefore thought not conctituding the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought four it iis concived as constitutding and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hupeothesis
	layer_6: we have now grantted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it iis conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_8: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_10: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_12: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis

file: 4570-24733-0005.flac
expected: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we supposed that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_2: an beongthelimites of the diration of the idea of god supposin the latter ate some time not to havbexisted or not to be going to exist thought wouod perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contry to our hapo thesis for we suppos that thought being given the idea of god nhas sarly flowwed theire frome
	layer_4: and beyon the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to hive existed or not to be going to exists thought woud perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contray to our hapothesis four we suppose that thought being given the idea of god n heissarly flowed their frume
	layer_6: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to hive existed ore not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hapothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god nesessarily flowed there from
	layer_8: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at sometime not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed there from
	layer_10: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_12: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom

file: 4570-24733-0006.flac
expected: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_2: beariong min that the same proposition may be o fiermed of ay thing which in any atribeaute necessarily follows from gods absolute nature
	layer_4: barin mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_6: bearin mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_8: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_10: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_12: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature

file: 4570-24733-0007.flac
expected: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things essendi rerum
	layer_2: corelary hanceit follows that god is not only the caus of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existance that yis inscolastic hrasology god is cauwse of the being of things as sindy reram
	layer_4: corlary hance it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of ther continuing in existence that is ins calastic phraziology god is cause of the being of things as cindy reramma
	layer_6: corrlary hance it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in s chalastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as cindy rerama
	layer_8: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins chollastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as sindy reruma
	layer_10: corollari hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as sindy rerume
	layer_12: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as sindy rerume

file: 4570-24733-0008.flac
expected: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_2: coarelary individual things are nothing but modifications of the atributs of god or modes by which the atributes of god are expresst in a fixd anddefinate manner
	layer_4: corelary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_6: corrilary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_8: corrollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_10: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_12: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner

file: 4570-56594-0000.flac
expected: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_2: si h u cor such a time you never did sy
	layer_4: sucho cor such a time you never didse
	layer_6: such a cor such a time you never did zee
	layer_8: such a cor such a time you never did see
	layer_10: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_12: such a cors such a time you never did see

file: 4570-56594-0001.flac
expected: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiany made a break
	layer_2: houas wicion some body would gied the conversation es start win indti anny made a break
	layer_4: olrs wition somebody would give the conversation a start wen in viani mae a break
	layer_6: ours wish in somebody would give the conversation a start when indiannie made a break
	layer_8: ours wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indianie made a break
	layer_10: our's wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break
	layer_12: our's wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break

file: 4570-56594-0002.flac
expected: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_2: this at no great stot country says he to the old gentleman with the cain
	layer_4: this sai't no great stok country says he to the old gentlemen with the came
	layer_6: this saint no great stok country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_8: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_10: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_12: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane

file: 4570-56594-0003.flac
expected: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_2: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_4: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_6: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_8: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_10: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_12: no sir says the old gentleman

file: 4570-56594-0004.flac
expected: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_2: ther s very little grazing hear and the ranges pretty much were out
	layer_4: thereis very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much wer out
	layer_6: theres very little grazing here and the rangees pretty much were out
	layer_8: there's very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much were out
	layer_10: there's very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much wore out
	layer_12: there's very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much wore out

file: 4570-56594-0005.flac
expected: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_2: the yung lady smil thoe hr vel and the old lady snapedter ys and looksideways ad the speaker
	layer_4: the young lady smile tou r vail and the old lady snapped er eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_6: the young lady smiled to her vail and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_8: the young lady smiled to her veile and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_10: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_12: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker

file: 4570-56594-0006.flac
expected: i'm gwine down to orleans to see if i can't git a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys what's been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_2: in wine owtd arlens to see if i can't gel contract out of uncle sm to feed the bos onc's been lick in them in fernal mexkon so bat
	layer_4: i'm wyne dow to orlenes to see if i can't geta contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys ance been lickeng them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_6: i'm wyne down to arleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys anc's ben licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_8: i'm whin down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_10: i'm wine down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_12: i'm wine down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad

file: 4570-56594-0007.flac
expected: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_2: o'v read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman tha didn't yive a very flattering a count of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_4: o've red some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman thet didn't yuve a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_6: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't yive a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_8: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman thart didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_10: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_12: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops

file: 4570-56594-0008.flac
expected: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twistin and groanin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_2: the ol breachur lisonto him with evident signds of dis plasure to histen and groan en tilhey couldnstand it no longer
	layer_4: the old preacher listen to him with evident signs of dis pleasure twisten an groanin til e couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_6: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groan ing till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_8: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_10: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_12: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer

file: 4570-56594-0009.flac
expected: he shut his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_2: he should his moth rit in e midal of whatyeu waths sn and looke at the preacure while hyis fas god asrd asfire
	layer_4: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he with sayen and looked at the preacher while his face godeas rd as fire
	layer_6: he should his mouth right in the middle of wha he was sain and looked at the preacher while his face got as rid as fire
	layer_8: he shoud his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_10: he shoold his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_12: he shoold his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire

file: 4570-56594-0010.flac
expected: swearin says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it nohow
	layer_2: swaring says the old preature isa terible bad pract as and there ain't kno use in it kno how
	layer_4: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practs and there ain't kno use in it kno how
	layer_6: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_8: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it knohow
	layer_10: swearing says the old preacher is i terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no howe
	layer_12: swearing says the old preacher is i terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no howe

file: 4570-56594-0011.flac
expected: umphs but indiany kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_2: ots but indthi any kep shady hoe appeared to be cowt dawn
	layer_4: ots but indiany kept shady hoeu appeared to be cow down
	layer_6: otz but in diannie kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_8: ookts but indianne kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_10: oots but indianie kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_12: oots but indiani kept shady he appeared to be cowed down

file: 4570-56594-0012.flac
expected: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosier listened without ever opening his head
	layer_2: thol gentleman with the ckaine took a pard ini the conmversation and the whosurelistent withthat ever open in his had
	layer_4: the old gentleman with the can took a pard ini the conversation and the hoos ure listened withot ever opend in his head
	layer_6: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosure listened without ever open in his head
	layer_8: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head
	layer_10: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head
	layer_12: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head

file: 4570-56594-0013.flac
expected: he was at sodom and gomorrow and seen the place whar lot's wife fell ah
	layer_2: he was at sawt a men o morow and seeng the place ware lot wife fill
	layer_4: he was at sawht amengamoro and seen the place war loth wife fill a
	layer_6: he was at satomen gamorrow and seeng the place war loth wife fill ah
	layer_8: he was at satomen gamorrow and seeing the place war lotch wife fhill a
	layer_10: he was at satomen gomorrow and seeng the place war lotch wife thill ah
	layer_12: he was at satomen gomorrow and seeing the place war lotch wife phill ah

file: 4570-56594-0014.flac
expected: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_2: ye says the preature he wit to the very spot and was to remarckabliss thing of all he seen the pillor of sallt whatc she was turred in to
	layer_4: yes says the preachuer he went to the very spot and was the remarkabless thing of all he seen the pillar of sault what he was turned indo
	layer_6: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkables thing of all he' seen the pillar of salt what he was turned into
	layer_8: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all hes seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_10: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and wat's the remarkablest thing of all he's seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_12: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he's seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into

file: 4570-56594-0015.flac
expected: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_2: yes sr hesen the sult stand in thar to tisday
	layer_4: yes sir he seeng the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_6: yes sir he seen the sault standing thar to this day
	layer_8: yes sir he's seen the salt standing thar to this day
	layer_10: yes sir he's seen the salt standing thar to this day
	layer_12: yes sir he's seen the salt standing thar to this day

file: 4570-56594-0016.flac
expected: what says the hoosier real genewine good salt
	layer_2: what says thhusur rel genawin good sot
	layer_4: what says the husure real genawind good salt
	layer_6: what says the houser reeal genawine good salt
	layer_8: what says the hoozer real genowine good salt
	layer_10: what says the hoozer real genoine good salt
	layer_12: what says the hoozer real genoine good salt

file: 4570-56594-0017.flac
expected: yes sir a pillar of salt jest as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_2: yes sir a pillero sault jist as it was when that wek id oman was ponished for herdsobedits
	layer_4: yes sir a pillar of sault just as it was whetn that waked woman was punished for her dis obedites
	layer_6: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that weeked woman was punished for her des obedietes
	layer_8: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedience
	layer_10: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_12: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience

file: 4570-56594-0018.flac
expected: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_2: riht out in the open aire heasked
	layer_4: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_6: ridt out in the open air he asked
	layer_8: ridte out in the open air he asked
	layer_10: ride out in the open air he asked
	layer_12: ride out in the open air he asked

file: 4570-102353-0000.flac
expected: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_2: we had thenbut little of that minunt and acurte knowlege of the intiior of the contin it wich was reqwas at for tetermination of theprobl
	layer_4: we had theinbut little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the contenet which was requisi for determination of the proble
	layer_6: we had theen but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_8: we had theen but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_10: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_12: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem

file: 4570-102353-0001.flac
expected: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_2: saveral dirforete parties oer therefor or genis to examand the various routs suppose to be prac ticabl with ind the nor than and southern limits of dey nitd states
	layer_4: several differete parties were therefore organize to examine the various routs supposed to be practickable with in than nor than and southern limits of tdenitd states
	layer_6: several differet parties were therefore organize to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of theunied states
	layer_8: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_10: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_12: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states

file: 4570-102353-0002.flac
expected: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_2: the oly discrumination mad was in the more prop and thorough e quipment of the parities for the extreamed nor than lie and this was only because that was supposed to be thee most iveicult of excution of all the servas
	layer_4: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt an thorough equipment of the parties for the extremed northan lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most dificult of execution of all the surves
	layer_6: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extremed northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_8: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extremed northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_10: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_12: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys

file: 4570-102353-0003.flac
expected: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsequently led to the use of a coarser grain for artillery
	layer_2: inquiries were made with regarg to gon powtrt wegh sebsquently lead to the use of a corser grain fourt artillery
	layer_4: inquiries were made with regard do goun power wigh subsquently led to the ush of a cor ser rain for artillery
	layer_6: e inquiries were made with regard to gon power which subsquintly led to the ouths of a corser rain for artillery
	layer_8: iinquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the youth of a coarser rein for artillery
	layer_10: einquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser reign for artillery
	layer_12: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the youse of a coarser reign for artillery

file: 4570-102353-0004.flac
expected: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_2: the officers of these ragrments werechosen partly by s the lection from those already in service in the regulhatr army hanmpartly bya boint nat from civial li
	layer_4: the officers of these ragements were chosen partly by shelection from those already in survice in the regular army hamd partly by apbointnant from civial wive
	layer_6: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already inservice in the regular army hand partly by a pointment from civil wife
	layer_8: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_10: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_12: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life

file: 4570-102353-0005.flac
expected: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_2: under instructions rom the presnen thoe leist was therefore rvised and motified he in accorncs with this new elemet of jeu rafical distrbution
	layer_4: under instructions from the presdent the list was therefore revised and modified he in accorance with this new element of gurapical distribution
	layer_6: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified he ind accordance with this new element of gerapical distribution
	layer_8: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified e in accordance with this new element of goraphical distribution
	layer_10: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_12: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution

file: 4570-102353-0006.flac
expected: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_2: ater some frther discussion of the question th visdours with dre dessatis fied with the result of the intervw
	layer_4: atersome further discussion of the question the visidors with drew dessatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_6: ater some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_8: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_10: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_12: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview

file: 4570-102353-0007.flac
expected: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_2: the quarteramastr general onhearing of this conversation haten to in for me that it was all in mhestake tat the appoit y to the offiehad been confounded with his father who was a well knone wiig but that he the sn was ha democrat
	layer_4: the quartermaster general onhearing of this conversation hastened to infor me that it was all in mistake tat the appoiyty to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the sun was a demorcrat
	layer_6: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appoity to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the sun was a democrate
	layer_8: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_10: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake thant the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_12: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake thand the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat

file: 4570-102353-0008.flac
expected: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_2: i assured the general hat this was all thogether him aterial adding that it was and very pretty quarel as it stood and that i had kno a desire to haeffect ay settlement of it on any infuriour isyou
	layer_4: i assured the general that this was all together imaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to aeffect a settlement of it oan any infuriour issue
	layer_6: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to aeffect a settlement of it on any inferior issued
	layer_8: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_10: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_12: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue

file: 1650-157641-0000.flac
expected: the social attitude towards smoking in early victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_2: the siltial asi t ou towr se molking  aredbig toran days and for somekime later was curios
	layer_4: the sicial adt t you towrs mokingi areadibigtorian days and for some kime later was curious
	layer_6: the social addtt you torssmolking o areaty bictorian das and for sometime later was curious
	layer_8: the social addtu tor smulking you already bictorian das and for some time later was curious
	layer_10: the social atitude towr molking yoau already victorian das and for some time later was curious
	layer_12: the social attitude towr molking the already victorian das and for some time later was curious

file: 1650-157641-0001.flac
expected: now missus quilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_2: now misses crel h  says i fein tus molkng hmer and shall probly blays away i'r knight
	layer_4: now missus cre he sayvs i feel in thus moking humour and shall probly blays away i'll knight
	layer_6: now misses cri he is sayves i feel yin husmolking humor and shall probably blaze a way ill night
	layer_8: now missus creb he s sas i feel in thu smolking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_10: now missus crep he i says i feel in thu smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_12: now missus creub he i says i feel in the smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night

file: 1650-157641-0002.flac
expected: but sit where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_2: bute see ofwer you are if hou pliace tand case a wante
	layer_4: but the seato wheare you are if you police in case ate wan tyou
	layer_6: but the see where you are if you police in case i want you
	layer_8: but de seed where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_10: by te seet where you are if you please in case i warnd you
	layer_12: by dhe seet where you are if you please in case i warnd you

file: 1650-157641-0003.flac
expected: the dwarf's tastes however were catholic
	layer_2: the tborf s case howiever wer capoit
	layer_4: the dorh'stase however were capolet
	layer_6: the dorf'stacte however wer capolet
	layer_8: the dwarf's tastes however or capolit
	layer_10: the dwarf's tastes however or capalet
	layer_12: the dwarf's tastes however or capalet

file: 1650-157641-0004.flac
expected: but quilp and brass were not in society
	layer_2: but crepand brass were now theunsl siety
	layer_4: but crupen bress woed now thi nsalciety
	layer_6: but crip and bres were now the in society
	layer_8: but crepe and brass were now the in society
	layer_10: but crup and bress were now the insociety
	layer_12: but crup and brass were now the insociety

file: 1650-157641-0005.flac
expected: there were still plenty of active opponents and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_2: the wa sto flenny ol facttiv opolnis and thenosers of to baccl
	layer_4: there wal stuppflenny of factive oponis and thenoncers of tobacco
	layer_6: there wal stu lenty o factive aponis and denoncers of tobacco
	layer_8: there wall stuplenty of factive oponis and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_10: there was stu plenty of factive opponies and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_12: there was stu plenty of factive opponies and denouncers of tobacco

file: 1650-157641-0006.flac
expected: one of the most distinguished was the great duke of wellington who abominated smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_2: one nof the mulstef theistinguistoas the grid dewco eling ton who aboman inst moking andthe wastannoitd by theing creseltsegars moking amon alfiserself the yarmy
	layer_4: one ouf the mulstid teistinguisteua os the grid deko redlington who abaman andcemoking ande was enoid by the increasalt segars moking amon afisersof the army
	layer_6: one of the most of distinguist was the great dukofh reingtorn who abomin and smoking and was tenoyed by the incras of cigarsmoking among anficers of the army
	layer_8: one of the most y distinguihed was the gret duce of ralington who abamane and smoking and was dennoyed by the increas of cigar smoking among onficers of the army
	layer_10: one of the moste distinguished was the great duke of waddington who abomined and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among afficers of the army
	layer_12: one of the mosty distinguished was the great duke of waddington who abomined and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army

file: 1650-157641-0007.flac
expected: the ladies had a keen scent for the abominable odour of tobacco and distrusted the men who smoked
	layer_2: the ladis ather kingsint for th abomi tir all dworl to bacckel and te thise trested the man hos moke
	layer_4: the ladies hather kinsint for the abomend o all du worlh tobackol and that this trasted the man wosmokth
	layer_6: the lad ies had their kinsint for the abomen of all do worlth tobacco and that tis trasted the man whos moth
	layer_8: the ladies had their kinsant for the abowment of all de erl tobacco and that distrasted the man whosemote
	layer_10: the ladies had their kinsint for the abowment of all due arl tobacco and that distrusted the man who smoted
	layer_12: the ladies had their kinsin for the abowment of all duewarl tobacco and that distrusted the man who smoted

file: 1650-157641-0008.flac
expected: here is fitz boodle's or thackeray's comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_2: heris bhespouthos for tacorius comint on ia this thes smolkan vhat i te shu beconseterdor cryimne
	layer_4: heris fese pudhos for thacorius coment on its whrthis thi smoking that it should be considerdr crine
	layer_6: herius fipuos for thacaris commen on it whathis this smoking that it should be considere te crine
	layer_8: hereiis fipudos or thackeris comment on it whatis this smoking that it should be considered a crineg
	layer_10: hereis fitzpudos or thackeriscomment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a cryine
	layer_12: here is fizpudos or thackeris comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a cryine

file: 1650-157641-0009.flac
expected: i believe in my heart that women are jealous of it as of a rival
	layer_2: i believe ing my heart thafthe women ha jealous of it asouf a wivl
	layer_4: i believe ing my heart hathe women a jealous of it asf a wival
	layer_6: i believe in my heart at the women aejealous of it at sulf awival
	layer_8: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as sef arival
	layer_10: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as self a wival
	layer_12: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as self a wival

file: 1650-157641-0010.flac
expected: i would lay a guinea that many a lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i am a smoker and says oh the vulgar wretch and passes on to something else
	layer_2: ive the lay agin thath many ladyo hwas jesto ben kind anoh to rid the abol lines lay ston the botk after this cofesion ofh mi that i moust molker and the sas oh the bago resh and he passes ouns of something ouse
	layer_4: i've the lay agine that the manun lady who has jest been kind enough to rad the abolve lines la sdon the botk after this confession ough mi that ei must moker and the sas oh the baugo rech and e passes ounds of something ouse
	layer_6: ive the lay agina that the manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lay stond the bok after this confession of mi that i must moker and the sase oh the bauga wresh and the pass esounds of something else
	layer_8: i've delay a guinea that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the abalbed lines lay stan the buk after this confession of mine that i must mother and te sas oh the bolgar wrech and t e pass e sounds of something else
	layer_10: i've delay a guinea that a manu lady who has just been kind enough to read the abalved lines lay stan the buk after this confession of min that i must smoker and tisas oh the balga wrech and to pass asounds of something else
	layer_12: i've delay a guinea that a manu lady who has just been kind enough to read the abalved lines lay stan the buk after this confession of myne that i must smoker and isas oh the baulga wrech and to pass asounds of something else

file: 1650-157641-0011.flac
expected: germany has been puffing for three score years france smokes to a man
	layer_2: jermanye has been couving for th res gaur years forens mokes to a men
	layer_4: germany has been poufing for threskorears frans mokes to a men
	layer_6: germany has been puffing for three squoreears fransmoks to a men
	layer_8: germany has been puffing for three squor years fracemoks to a man
	layer_10: germany has been puffing for three square years franc mokes to a man
	layer_12: germany has been puffing for three square years france mowkes to a men

file: 1650-157641-0012.flac
expected: psha look at his progress
	layer_2: sa lo cate his provguss
	layer_4: sha lokat  his progres
	layer_6: shah luk at his progress
	layer_8: sha luoke at his progress
	layer_10: shah luke at his progress
	layer_12: pshah luke at his progress

file: 1650-157641-0013.flac
expected: thus the odour of tobacco was not brought into the drawing room
	layer_2: thus the al dwre oftabackle was not brod into therdoingll
	layer_4: thust the alder of tobaccl was not brot ingto their doning om
	layer_6: thus the audur oftobacka was not brougt into their joning room
	layer_8: thus the auldour of tobacco was not brought into their joning room
	layer_10: thus the aldur of tobacco was not brought into their doning room
	layer_12: thus the ardur of tobacco was not brought into their doining room

file: 1650-157641-0014.flac
expected: the journalists and bohemians who met at the cogers were above or below the dictates of fashion and smoking was always a feature of their gatherings
	layer_2: thes dournalis and the boimeans wfhor mat adther coders were abou for telo the dig pase o fassion ande smolgin was always of feture of teir gatherns
	layer_4: the sdournal list and the bogimeans who mad ad their coders were abo or bulow the dig pase o fashion and smokan was always o feature of their gatherancs
	layer_6: the sturnalasts and the bugimens who mat ae their coajers were about or below the dig pase sol fashion and smokan was always sthe fature of the ir gatherins
	layer_8: this journalysts and the bugimens who mat ad their coders were about or below the dig pastesol fashion and smokin was always the feature of ther gatheroons
	layer_10: this journalists and the bugimieans who mat at their koders were about or below the dig tastes ol fashion and smoking was always the feature of the gatherins
	layer_12: this journalists and the bugamians who mat at their koders were about or below the dig tastes ol fashion and smoking was always the feature of the gatherins

file: 1650-157641-0015.flac
expected: both queen victoria and the prince consort detested it so tobacco was taboo wherever the court was
	layer_2: both queenvitoria and the pris concort e tasti et so clbackle was to buer ever the porthors
	layer_4: both queen victoria and the prince counsors etastad it so tabacca was tobuerever the porthforce
	layer_6: both queen victoria and the prince conesort dedtast at it so tobacco was to bu whereever the pourthorce
	layer_8: both queen victoria and the prince consort detast of it so tobacco was to bo wherever the pourtforse
	layer_10: both queen victoria and the prince consort detasked of it so tobacco was ta boo wherever the pourtforse
	layer_12: both queen victoria and the prince consort detasked of it so tobacco was ta boo wherever the pourt forse

file: 1650-173552-0000.flac
expected: at that very time at ten in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops on the poklonny hill looking at the panorama spread out before him
	layer_2: at than bery time a telly in the mording ogf the sicenofh sofbtember an the puldin was nanding amon his trops un the peclonng hel lookinie o the peneramast bgriad ot before him
	layer_4: at that vurye time atel in the morning off the segenough subtember and the polen was nanding among his troops on the paclonin heel lokingng ot ther pene ralmos bried out before him
	layer_6: at that vurie time ateliin the morning of the segonugh sebtember and tapoleon was snanding among his troops on the pecloning heel loking ot ther penaramas brad out before him
	layer_8: at that very time italiin the morning of the second of september and napoleon was standing among his troops on ther peclonin heel looking at their panaramas brat out before him
	layer_10: at that very time ital in the morning of the segond of september nd napoleon was standing among his troops on the peclonin heel looking at the panaramans spread out before him
	layer_12: at that very time italia in the morning of the second of september nd napoleon was standing among his troops on the peclonin heel looking at the panaramans spread out before him

file: 1650-173552-0001.flac
expected: the brightness of the morning was magical
	layer_2: the brigd in his self the mornung was magicl
	layer_4: the brighton hessef the mornin was magical
	layer_6: the brightonessef the morning was magical
	layer_8: the brighteness of the morning was magical
	layer_10: the brightness of the morning was magical
	layer_12: the brightness of the morning was magical

file: 1650-173552-0002.flac
expected: but my clemency is always ready to descend upon the vanquished
	layer_2: bu the my clamasies always ready to theis sand upo a vamquished
	layer_4: but the my clamesis always ready to dhis sand uponm tavamcuished
	layer_6: but o my clamisis always ready to dessand upon abamcuished
	layer_8: but of my clemesies always ready to dessend upon the bamquished
	layer_10: but o myclemecies always ready to descend upon the vanquished
	layer_12: but of myclemecies always ready to descend upon the vanquished

file: 1650-173552-0003.flac
expected: yet here she is lying at my feet with her golden domes and crosses scintillating and twinkling in the sunshine
	layer_2: yed her she is liy ot my feet with har goden doms ad acrowsis singlelating in a twincllain the sundsin
	layer_4: yet hershe is liing onfh my feet with thar goden domes and a crowsus single lating in a twinklelen the sunshign
	layer_6: yet here she is lying on my feet with her golden doms hand ucrowsus singlelating in the twinklelan the sun shine
	layer_8: yet here she is lying on my feet with her golden domes hand uncrouces singulating in the twinkldline the sunshine
	layer_10: yet here she is lying on my feet with her golden domes that uncrouses singulating in the twinkllin ng the sunshine
	layer_12: yet here she is lying on my feet with her golden domes that uncrouses singulating in the twinkling in the sunshine

file: 1650-173552-0004.flac
expected: but i shall spare her
	layer_2: but i shal spar her
	layer_4: but i shall spare her
	layer_6: but i shall spare her
	layer_8: but i shall spare her
	layer_10: but i shall spare her
	layer_12: but i shall spare her

file: 1650-173552-0005.flac
expected: from the height of the kremlin yes there is the kremlin yes i will give them just laws i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boyars remember their conqueror with love
	layer_2: from the highe out te cramily yes theearios the cremly yes i will geve them just the lawus i l tech them the meaning of shusof allization iwill make genarratns of blewearse remember ther conqror with h lawe
	layer_4: from the hihe ou the cramily yes therieust the cramily yes i will give them just the laws iwill tiach them the meaning of chousovalization i will make jganarations of bolears remember their conqueror with hlot
	layer_6: from the hide out the cramily yes te ories the cramili yes i will give them just alaws i will teach them the meaning of chousevilization i will make genoratons of biars remember their conqueror with lad
	layer_8: from the hide out the cramile yes te earristte cramilin yes i will give them just allous i will teach them the meaning of tru civilization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with la
	layer_10: from the hide of the cramilline yes bhearistte cramiline yes i will give them just alous i will teach them the meaning of tru civilization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with law
	layer_12: from the hide of the cramilline yes bearist tecramilline yes i will give them just allaus i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boliar's remember their conqueror with law

file: 1650-173552-0006.flac
expected: i will tell the deputation that i did not and do not desire war that i have waged war only against the false policy of their court that i love and respect alexander and that in moscow i will accept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_2: iwr tel tat the woitation that i ded nout and do knowt des i war that i ouighd ewre only against the fouse polise y of ther cqourt thathi la b n the resbacaaisander and talt e masticl i looc sabtermsal pease werth the of mysou in of my pupl
	layer_4: oill tel that tha bpotation that i did not and do now desi war that i thoache the war only against the fose polacy off theirye quaurt that at i lave and the respacalas ander and that emasicl i look sabtermsal piece with the of myselth and of my pupile
	layer_6: i will tell that thavotation that i di nout and to no disie war that i howeache te war only against the fholse policy off the requort that  i love and the respac a lazander and that e mosicl i look sabtrum sol piece worthy of myselfh and of my pepile
	layer_8: i will tell bat th avitation that i did not and do not desi war that i threachd the war only against the false policy of the recort thathi love and the respeck aleander and that a mosacle i look sabtrm s anpece worthy of myself and of my peupile
	layer_10: i will tell that the abitation that i did not and do not desire war that i teach a war only against the false policy of the report that i love and the respeckt alessander and that a masicl i look sabturms on peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_12: i will tell that the adbitation that i did not and do not desire war that i feach a war only against the false policy of the report that i love and the respeck alesander and that a masacle i look sabturms on peace worthy of myself and of my people

file: 1650-173552-0007.flac
expected: i do not wish to utilize the fortunes of war to humiliate an honored monarch
	layer_2: at do not reash to yutyeliethoe fortenself war to humil atin on ored a monerc
	layer_4: atd do not resh to yeulyelie the fortunself war to humul ate ind honor the monarch
	layer_6: a do not reach to yudelizes the fortuneself war to humuleate and honor the monarch
	layer_8: i do not reach to uldilize thoe fortune self war to humulate and honor the monarch
	layer_10: i do not reash to udilize the fortuneself war to humiliate an honour the monarch
	layer_12: i do not reash to udialize the fortunes elf war to humiliate and honour the monarch

file: 1650-173552-0008.flac
expected: he will have to be told all the same said some gentlemen of the suite but gentlemen
	layer_2: he woul have to be to a'l the saing si some deandt menout this wit but gent mad
	layer_4: he woul have to be to all the saymg sa some dentemen ouf this wet but gentemad
	layer_6: he would have to be toled a'll the same sy some gentleman of this wheat but gentleman
	layer_8: he would have to be told all the same say some gentleman of this wheat but gentlemen
	layer_10: he would have to be told all the same says some gentleman of thes wheat but gentlemen
	layer_12: he would have to be told all the same says some gentleman of thes wheat but gentlemen

file: 1650-173552-0009.flac
expected: a single report of a signaling gun followed and the troops who were already spread out on different sides of moscow moved into the city through tver kaluga and dorogomilov gates
	layer_2: ha singreportd out the singnoling gon a fowlow and the trus whowere al radis bread out on the fren asigesuf motsco no bin to the saty to mer colu gt and thour goamal of gats
	layer_4: a singoe repored ou the singnoling gonafowlow and the trus whoere alraddish bread out on they feron asizselfmosco mno been to the sadi twomor clugoo and thor gomel of gaes
	layer_6: a single repored out the signal ingonlfowlowed and the troufs who ware alraddish brad out on theferent asiz soufh mosco moveing to the setie to wirde colugo and thargoel of gates
	layer_8: a single report out the signa lingon fouloe and the trouths who ware araddish bread out on tdeiffrent size suf mousco movinto the satf to a merd kolooga and targomel of gates
	layer_10: a single report out the singnal wlinganl foul and the trophs who are alradish bread out on diferni size south moscow move into the sad to merd kolooga and targamel of gates
	layer_12: a single report out the singnal linganl foulo and the troophs who are alradish bread out on diferint size south moscow move into the sadyge to merd kolooga and targamel of gates

file: 1650-173551-0000.flac
expected: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brought the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for a minute and that someone from bazdeev's widow had called to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's books as she herself was leaving for the country
	layer_2: he  smajor dot mo camin e sacon time to say e at the fanch m whe the bra the leater fom the coundis was ber aniisto see him befonly fore minuts and thas some loene from bazit teves wedo ha ther cow to asd piair t o take charge up her uspbandsbook as e herself esslving for the contred
	layer_4: hi smajor donl more caming he second time to say tha the frenchment wwhe the brow the latter from the countiss was avery anciousto see him be fonly for minutes and thas some en from besit dives wedo ha er co to asked pir toild take charge op her husband' sbok aske she herself aseliving for the countred
	layer_6: his major donmo came in tha second time to say that the french man who hae the brow the latter from the countest was very anxious to see him ef only for minutes and thas someone from basedive's wedo hade a cow to ask pirre to take charge uf her husband's book aske she herself wa sliving for the country
	layer_8: his major domo came n a second time to say that the frenchman who had he browd the ladter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and tas some wont from bazediv's wedow had a cow to askd pierre to take charge of her husband's book asked she herself was living for the country
	layer_10: his majordomo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had he brow the ladter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and tast some one from bazzedive's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book asked she herself was living for the country
	layer_12: hiss majordomo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had the brow the ladter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and tast some one from bazzedive's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book asked she herself was living for the country

file: 1650-173551-0001.flac
expected: there was no one in the passage
	layer_2: ther was no ly in the passat
	layer_4: there was no liind the passat
	layer_6: there was no lie in the passage
	layer_8: there was no lie in the passage
	layer_10: there was no lie in the passage
	layer_12: there was no line in the passage

file: 1650-173551-0002.flac
expected: the hall porter was standing at the front door
	layer_2: the hou piser was standing ad the frun door
	layer_4: the how poter was standing at the frun door
	layer_6: the how porter was standing at the frong door
	layer_8: the how porter was standing at the front door
	layer_10: the hawled porter was standing at the front door
	layer_12: the hawled porter was standing at the front door

file: 1650-173551-0003.flac
expected: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase leading to the back entrance
	layer_2: from the land the a were pear sto theieirwas a secon the sair case lingent o the back antions
	layer_4: from the land the a were per stood ther wasa second the sarcase ligit woh the back encos
	layer_6: from the landy awere pier stowd tere was a second the sair case linget toi the back enges
	layer_8: from the landingawhere pier stood there was a second t saircase linod to the back enges
	layer_10: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase lin it to the back anges
	layer_12: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase lin it to the back anges

file: 1650-173551-0004.flac
expected: he went down that staircase and out into the yard no one had seen him
	layer_2: he wouln' down ba stair casteon th io thin to the yard no wo hass see him
	layer_4: he wouldn't down thau stair caseon  outinto the yard no oe has see him
	layer_6: he woudn't down thou staire cason out into the yard no one has see him
	layer_8: he woudnt down thou staircase an out into the yard no one has see him
	layer_10: he wunt down thou staircase and out into the yard no one hath seen him
	layer_12: he wunt down thou staircase and out into the yard no one hath seen him

file: 1650-173551-0005.flac
expected: when he felt he was being looked at he behaved like an ostrich which hides its head in a bush in order not to be seen he hung his head and quickening his pace went down the street
	layer_2: whe he e faale thathe he wa sopeing luwle ke that hei behaved a like  alse teraris which higd is had ing the boutin ondeir enow t o bi seen he houn his had ae quickening his pace hin dow mestrit
	layer_4: whe he a fail that hr he was supeing lu u tat he behaved a likea alsteris which hide is had in tabushing onder nouto be sen he houn his hado quickening his face whin down thestret
	layer_6: when  hafailed that he was s being luicdad he behaved a like a asterich which hide his had in a boushin under now to be seen he houn his had an quickening his face wen down the street
	layer_8: when he failed that he was being a lucdad he behaved alike alsterich which hide his had in a bushin under now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_10: when he failed that he was being lulicdad he behaved alike alsteridge which hied his head in a bushi under now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_12: when he failed that he was being lulicdad he behaved alike alsteridge which hired his head in a bush under now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street

file: 1650-173551-0006.flac
expected: he hired the first cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriarch's ponds where the widow bazdeev's house was
	layer_2: he har the first a cap himmad ind till the ivored to go to the patriy ax pons where the wid o basi deve souse wus
	layer_4: he har the first a cap hi mat and tll the diverd to go to the patriat ponds where the wido basa deve shousewas
	layer_6: he hard the first a cap him met and teld the diver to go to the patriact pounds wheare the widow bads deve souse was
	layer_8: he hared the first a capb he met and told the driver to go to the patriax pouns where the widow baz deve's house was
	layer_10: he hared the first ta cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriax pouns where the widow badzedev's house was
	layer_12: he hared the first a cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriax pounds where the widow badzedev's house was

file: 1650-173551-0007.flac
expected: this was the authentic scotch acts with bazdeev's notes and explanations
	layer_2: bhis was the otentigxsclls act with fath deves nolsan sqlanations
	layer_4: this was the atentix scals axts with fathteves nuls and sclanations
	layer_6: this was the athentic scalsh axs with pathtivesnuls andclanations
	layer_8: this was the authentic scallsh axs with path dives snuts andclanations
	layer_10: this was the authentic scolch acts with pathtive snulls and xclanations
	layer_12: this was the authentic scolsh acts with pathtive snulls and exclanations

file: 1650-173551-0008.flac
expected: he sat down at the dusty writing table and having laid the manuscripts before him opened them out closed them finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand sank into meditation
	layer_2: he is sat i the dhustded witing table and the havin layve the maners greybefore him open the mut clolstem e finaally pruse them a way and the resting his had ow his hand the sanking to madication
	layer_4: he is satt die the thus ded witing table and the having lay the manust gribefore him open the mou closthem h finally prus them away and the resting his head o his hand the sank into mandicasion
	layer_6: he is saat i theugh thus did writing table and the having lay the manus grei before him opend the mau closetem whfinal ly proched them away and arresting his head on his hand the sank into mandication
	layer_8: he is sat tie though thus did witing table and the having laid the manus gri before him opened the mou close them w finall ipproovhed them away and rresting his head on his hand to sank into mandication
	layer_10: he is sa dh theg thus did writing table andth having laid the manusgrib before him opened the mouth close them wo finally proved them away and resting his head on his hand sank into mandication
	layer_12: he is sat dov thegh thus did writing table and h having laid the manusgrib before him opened the mouth close them who finally proved them away and resting his head on his hand sank into mandication

file: 1650-173551-0009.flac
expected: makar alexeevich came twice that evening shuffling along in his galoshes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatingly at pierre
	layer_2: makher alaxt ovege came a twice tho tha vene shoftling alowighs clasious afd s farese thet doo and stopes and the loked ingriciatily othe psere
	layer_4: maker alaxt ovege came atwice that te eveny shouftling along hisglashous afs fares the doorl and stops and the loked an griciatile ather pr
	layer_6: macer alaxavece came i twice that a eveni shaffling along his glasius as faras the dor and stops and the loked and gritiatetily at the pierre
	layer_8: macer alaksrovitgh came twice that ta evenin shuffling along his glaucoes as far ast the door and stops and the loked ingratiatily at the pierre
	layer_10: maker alaxtrovitch came twice that a evening shuffling along i his sglauches as far as tha door and stops and loped ingratiatily at the pierre
	layer_12: maker alaxtryovitch came twice that a evening shuffling along in his sgilauches as far as tha door and stops and loped ingratiatidly at the pierre

file: 1650-167613-0000.flac
expected: the officers were about to take leave but prince andrew apparently reluctant to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay and have tea
	layer_2: the alpvesersal bou do taclen r the prisenrue a parente relactentil belaft a loaw wihis frien ask a tem the stay anhalfe t e
	layer_4: the olvisors air bou etakcely our the princene apparent relactental belaughet along with his frien ask  them to stay and havfe the
	layer_6: the all visors wir bow to take la for the princanjuew apparently relact enti be leughed along with his friend askr them to stay and half ta
	layer_8: the ol vicsors will bow to take leave fur the princanjew apparently relucten to be left along with his friend ask them to stay and half tea
	layer_10: the offvicers will bow to take leave en the prince andrew apparently reluctent to be left along with his friend ask them to stay and halve tea
	layer_12: the offvicitors will bow to take leave en the prince andrew apparently reluctent to be left along with his friend ask them to stay and halve tea

file: 1650-167613-0001.flac
expected: seats were brought in and so was the tea
	layer_2: sie wir brawdhing anda so wasprtyo
	layer_4: sease were browdying and the so was stirte
	layer_6: seaz were browtin and the soul were spirtu
	layer_8: seized were browthing and the soul were thir tu
	layer_10: seas were browding and the soul wese tird o
	layer_12: seas were browding and the soul was third to

file: 1650-167613-0002.flac
expected: the officers gazed with surprise at pierre's huge stout figure and listened to his talk of moscow and the position of our army round which he had ridden
	layer_2: the alvisirscae wis upprised of a furs woeh stoued fiager andthelisento his stak a mousicot and the posision au allr army lroneg which he had a bredon
	layer_4: the alviserscae with supprised in a purs whoge staud figer and telisten to his talk of amasicot and he position alr valberarmy lrong which he had a breaden
	layer_6: the alvicerscapes with surprised at a peurs uge staled figer and e listen to his talk of  mousicoate and the position albaberarmy long which he had a breaden
	layer_8: the olvicorscazed with surprise at a pers huge stap figere and a listened to his talk of a mousacoate and a position a balbraarmi long which he had a breeden
	layer_10: the ofvicerscased with surprise at a purce huge stout figure and listened to his talk of a molsicoat and a position now balbara armi mong which he had a reden
	layer_12: the ofvicerscased with surprised at a pure huge stout figure and listened to his talk of a mousicoat and a position now balbara armi mong which he had a breaden

file: 1650-167613-0003.flac
expected: so you understand the whole position of our troops
	layer_2: so you endherstand the whole postes an noup auer trous
	layer_4: sil you intherstand the whole possas on ou pouver trops
	layer_6: still you inderstand the whole posssassion ou bowber troops
	layer_8: still you inderstand the whole posession of ouer troops
	layer_10: still you understand the whole possession of our troops
	layer_12: still you understand the whole possession of our troops

file: 1650-167613-0004.flac
expected: not being a military man i can't say i have understood it fully but i understand the general position
	layer_2: now being a millit reman he cannesay ap nder stothey the for but t e enerstend the generarl posution
	layer_4: nou being a mili toareman ther cansa afp ender stoowthey te foiy but they enter stend the general prosision
	layer_6: now being a militaryman the cants say haph enderstoodtey t folle but they enderstand the general posision
	layer_8: now being a military man e canno say af understood i dfoly but they understand the general procision
	layer_10: now being a military man who canno sayap understood e de foli but they understand the general procision
	layer_12: now being a military man who canno sayap understood e defoly but they understand the general procision

file: 1650-167613-0005.flac
expected: well then you know more than anyone else be it who it may said prince andrew
	layer_2: well then you kno mr thar eny i ouse be at horith may sad crirs enur
	layer_4: well then you kno more that any wine ouse be it hoit may said pres andeurl
	layer_6: well then you now more that any one else pe at hoit may sad phris andrel
	layer_8: well then you know more than anyone else peet hoet may sad chrice andrial
	layer_10: well then you know more than any one else be at hoitmay said pric andrel
	layer_12: well then you know more than any one else be at hoitmay said pric andrel

file: 1650-167613-0006.flac
expected: and tell me your opinion of barclay de tolly
	layer_2: tae tell me yure af pingou backlad the tolen
	layer_4: e tell me ure o pina back late their toli
	layer_6: otell men ure apina back late thei toly
	layer_8: untell me neur apena back lad the toli
	layer_10: bund tell me neur alpina back lad ter toli
	layer_12: bun tell me neur alpina back lad ter toli

file: 1650-167613-0007.flac
expected: pierre looked at timokhin with the condescendingly interrogative smile with which everybody involuntarily addressed that officer
	layer_2: curooke tha t molchum with the com this sendaly insto roktivesmile with ws s emrbodyvoluteritliorocse that alpfiser
	layer_4: curloc thetmaucume with the coe isendily an to ractive smile with wichaerbody  boluntrily or joeast that alficere
	layer_6: pur look that malcume with the canvisendaly into roctive smile with which amerybody bolunterly or jwest that alficer
	layer_8: pure look that mak him with the counvycandaly into roccative smile with which aeybody voluntarily or jwest that alficer
	layer_10: pure look that malk him with the countiscandiley into rocative smile with which everybody voluntarily or jwes that alficer
	layer_12: pure look that malk him with the countiscandile into rocative smile with which everybody voluntarily or jwes that alficer

file: 1650-167613-0008.flac
expected: we see light again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency said timokhin timidly and continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_2: whish youlithergain seseshis orandity has min the porins it yur acx seillencyu sato malkcantymically ind the comtinualya turningto glans at hiscuronal
	layer_4: wih se  light egain since hi urrandity has men the pointit you ar axcelency set an maulcan timically and the comtinuually turning to glanced hat is colronal
	layer_6: wih thealiete again since his serranity has meen appointit you re axcellency set in macantimically and the comtinually eturning to glanced at his colonel
	layer_8: with shelight again since his serenity hast been appointed your excellency set in macantimigally and the continually eturning to glance at his kolonel
	layer_10: with thealight again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency set in malcin timically and the continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_12: with the alight again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency set in malcin timically and the continually turning to glance at his colonel

file: 1650-167613-0009.flac
expected: why so asked pierre
	layer_2: wy so ask  te per
	layer_4: why so ask the per
	layer_6: why sou ask the per
	layer_8: why so ask the peer
	layer_10: why so asked the peer
	layer_12: why so asked the peer

file: 1650-167613-0010.flac
expected: then why was it forbidden
	layer_2: the yve was its prbeden
	layer_4: the ye was its porbeten
	layer_6: the why was its pobiden
	layer_8: theh whie was it forbiden
	layer_10: the why was it forbidden
	layer_12: the why was it forbidden

file: 1650-167613-0011.flac
expected: at smolensk too he judged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had larger forces
	layer_2: a smal thans to hejus the crractilly that o a frince migte oult lancos as tbe had a lorgs hforces
	layer_4: a small lancek too hehus the crorractaly that o the frenche might outflankos as the had a large forces
	layer_6: as smalancked too he ccused the correctly ta of the french might out flancus as they had a large forces
	layer_8: at smolansk too hea cjhudged the correctly that of the french might outflancus as they had a large forses
	layer_10: at smolansk too he cudged the correctly that a the french might outflank us as they had a large forses
	layer_12: at smolansk too he chudged correctly that a the french might outflank us as they had a large forses

file: 1650-167613-0012.flac
expected: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and losses went for nothing
	layer_2: the olderedas to rechret and the oul ouer affors in a louss woon for nohing
	layer_4: the oldered us to retreat and oll our affors in a lolsess wondfor nothing
	layer_6: he oldered us to retreat and al our effors and allowses wondfor nothing
	layer_8: he ordered us to retreat and all our ffors and allows test woond for nothing
	layer_10: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and allows this wind for nothing
	layer_12: he ordered us to retreat and all our afforts and allows hus wind for nothing

file: 1650-167613-0013.flac
expected: so it has been with barclay
	layer_2: soly th as pen with forchly
	layer_4: silid as sping with farkly
	layer_6: soly the asping with farkly
	layer_8: soly the aspin with barkley
	layer_10: solely the aspin with varkley
	layer_12: solely the aspin with varkley

file: 1650-167613-0014.flac
expected: while russia was well a foreigner could serve her and be a splendid minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own kin
	layer_2: well roust on was well beforing er could serbeb her and the be a s plan in a mini ser fu thot soon ashes in danger shoin nese one ouf er on cken
	layer_4: well roughe an was well buforig her could serbed her and the be a sglandin aminiser fur thot soon a she s in danger sheld news one of her own kin
	layer_6: well rogan was well beforing er could serbe her and te be a s gland in aminister but tat soon as she is in danger she nes one ouff her own king
	layer_8: well rosian was well beforeing her could isurb her and te be as bland in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she nees one of her own kin
	layer_10: well rassian was well beforeiner could isurb her and be asblan in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own king
	layer_12: well rashan was well beforeiner could surb her and be asblan in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own king

file: 1650-167613-0015.flac
expected: and they say he's a skillful commander rejoined pierre
	layer_2: and vy say his ascew wholcaomander rejoing the pur
	layer_4: and tey say his a skiwl fulcommandr he rejoing the peur
	layer_6: and they say he i sascilful commander he rejoined the pur
	layer_8: and they say he is a skilful commander he rejoined the pure
	layer_10: and they say he is a skilful commander he rejoined the peer
	layer_12: and they say he is a skilful commander he rejoined the peer

file: 1650-167613-0016.flac
expected: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_2: i don't and therstand  whathis mens by a scewpfocommander who plied the pris end u i angeclon
	layer_4: i don't and dher stand what is mente by a scufplcommander whoplied the perince endo irogicly
	layer_6: i don't enderstand what is meant by a scuful commander who plied the prince andru irongicaly
	layer_8: i don't understand what is meant by a skulful commander wrho plied the prince andrews ironically
	layer_10: i don't understand what is meant by a skuful commander wre rplied to prince andrew ironically
	layer_12: i don't understand what is meant by a scuful commander wroe replied to prince andrew ironically

file: 1650-167613-0017.flac
expected: a skillful commander replied pierre
	layer_2: u scierfulcommander replyid opyer
	layer_4: e scielfulcommander replind e per
	layer_6: a sciliful commander replied te per
	layer_8: a sklful commander replied the per
	layer_10: a skulful commander replied the pier
	layer_12: a skulful commander replied the pier

file: 1650-167613-0018.flac
expected: pierre looked at him in surprise
	layer_2: psur a lo a the hamieos of pfrice
	layer_4: pure at lok at the hamious of frice
	layer_6: pure at lokc are the hemiests of rice
	layer_8: puree loke are the hemiest of price
	layer_10: purer loc are the hemiest of frice
	layer_12: purer loc are the hemiest of frice

file: 1650-167613-0019.flac
expected: and yet they say that war is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_2: and the yeds they savethot the wars like er game olf ches heremard
	layer_4: and the yets theyr save that the waris like a game olt chas he remarked
	layer_6: and the yet they save that the warst like a game olf ches he remarked
	layer_8: and the yet they saved that the waris like a gamemoff ches he remarked
	layer_10: andt yet they say that the wharr is like a game olf chess he remarked
	layer_12: and yet they say that the wharr is like a game olf chess he remarked

file: 1650-167613-0020.flac
expected: the relative strength of bodies of troops can never be known to anyone
	layer_2: the rallotirfestresnth of bothes of tub cannever beknowns wor anyr on
	layer_4: the ralotive sdreants of bodies of tope can never beknowns for annyor one
	layer_6: the ralative strength of thodies of top can never be known tor any one
	layer_8: the relative strength of bodies of troup can never be known to any one
	layer_10: the relative strength of bodies of troop can never be known to anyone
	layer_12: the relative strength of bodies of troop can never be known to anyone

file: 1650-167613-0021.flac
expected: success never depends and never will depend on position or equipment or even on numbers and least of all on position but on what then
	layer_2: sucxcess nemver de pans and naea will depan in possision woer quevemen or ouveno members and a leastof aw on position bout oun wat than
	layer_4: success mnemver depens a naveral will deten on posision wer eqrevement wor even no nemburs and aleast off all on position but an what than
	layer_6: success nemver depends and navral will depend on position were ecuiavement were even o nemburse and a least off all on position but onwhat then
	layer_8: success never depends and neveral will depend on position where equiavement ore even onnemburs and at least of all on position but on what then
	layer_10: success never depends and never will depend on position wher equeavement or even on menbursts and at least of all on position but on what then
	layer_12: success never depends and never will depend on position wher equeavement or even on menbursts and at least of all on position but on what then

file: 1650-167613-0022.flac
expected: on the feeling that is in me and in him he pointed to timokhin and in each soldier
	layer_2: i'n the firling that es in m an  hm hepointedt tok do mouking and  issouzier
	layer_4: oun the filing that as in me and e hin hepointed took hi malcing and  his solzier
	layer_6: on to falling that i sin me and e hin he pointed took thi malking and e ish sosier
	layer_8: undefailing that i in me and e him he pointed took te malking and e ish soldier
	layer_10: unefailing that as in me and e hin he pointed to to malking and e esh sodier
	layer_12: unefailing thet as in me and e hin he pointed to to malking and e esh sodier

file: 1650-167613-0023.flac
expected: a battle is won by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_2: the badho is one by thosewhe furmbly resouve tof winants
	layer_4: the badto is wone by those who firmly resouned of winat
	layer_6: tubad o is wone by those who firmly resolved o weined
	layer_8: ta bato is wone by those who firmly resolve to wenid
	layer_10: tabate is won by those who firmly resolve to wenit
	layer_12: ta batho is won by those who firmly resolve to wenit

file: 1650-167613-0024.flac
expected: why did we lose the battle at austerlitz
	layer_2: why then wiloesh the badolr and he oul sebol ers
	layer_4: why the wildlos the bador and a ousebolers
	layer_6: why the windows the batoer and the ouse bollnens
	layer_8: why the windows the bater and the oce bolness
	layer_10: why the windows the batter and the ouce bolenes
	layer_12: why the windows the batter and the ouce boleness

file: 1650-167613-0025.flac
expected: we've lost so let us run and we ran
	layer_2: wif lols hat sil lightust one andthe re one
	layer_4: weth lous itso light us won and  we one
	layer_6: wevf laused itso light us won and we wen
	layer_8: we loustd  so light us won and we wern
	layer_10: we'f loust so light us won and we wen'
	layer_12: wef loust itso light us won and we weren'

file: 1650-167613-0026.flac
expected: but tomorrow we shan't say it
	layer_2: bu to moralw were shno saad
	layer_4: but to morraw werchin sad
	layer_6: but to morow were shins sayids
	layer_8: but to morrow were shins sayd
	layer_10: but to morrow where schen sayt
	layer_12: but to morrow where schen sayt

file: 1650-167613-0027.flac
expected: but what awaits us tomorrow
	layer_2: but ta what a wa e has to morral
	layer_4: but a what a waht has to morl
	layer_6: but a what a wait hash to morrol
	layer_8: but a wat a waight has to morrow
	layer_10: but o what a weight as to morrow
	layer_12: but o what a weight as to morrow

file: 1650-167613-0028.flac
expected: the fact is that those men with whom you have ridden round the position not only do not help matters but hinder
	layer_2: the factase that a ose man thue with whome you have riton wre ongd the posision not only do know helth mathters bu the hinder
	layer_4: the factis that af those man tu with whome you have friden woe round the posision not only do now healph matters but the hinder
	layer_6: the factist that of those man with whome you have fradene eround the position not only to nol help matters but he hinder
	layer_8: the fact is that of those men with whom you have readdened round tha position not only to now help matters but he hinder
	layer_10: the fact is that of those men with whom you have reidden wround tha position not only to now help matters but e hinder
	layer_12: the fact is that of those men with whom you have ridden around tha position not only to now help matters but a hinder

file: 1650-167613-0029.flac
expected: that's the truth the real truth said timokhin
	layer_2: tase the truth the real truf sad to molkan
	layer_4: thas the truth the real truth said to malcan
	layer_6: vas the truth the real truth said to mulkin
	layer_8: vast the truth the real truth said to mulcin
	layer_10: vast the truth the real truth said to malkin
	layer_12: vast the truth the real truth said to malkin

file: 1650-167613-0030.flac
expected: it's not the day for that they say
	layer_2: is now be day for thit be say
	layer_4: it's now the day for that the say
	layer_6: i's now the day for that they say
	layer_8: i's now the day for that they say
	layer_10: i's now the day for that they say
	layer_12: i's now the day for that they say

file: 1650-167613-0031.flac
expected: all were silent the officers rose
	layer_2: ol were sealent the alpiser tros
	layer_4: ah were sellend the alpiser sros
	layer_6: ah were sellend the ovicor sros
	layer_8: all were sellened the oufvicer srose
	layer_10: all were sellyned the ofvicer srose
	layer_12: all were sellyned the officer shrose

file: 1650-167613-0032.flac
expected: yes yes answered prince andrew absently
	layer_2: thesus answer the pris end or abseomply
	layer_4: hees yes an swere the prince enge or absenpully
	layer_6: yes yes answer the prince enge or absenplly
	layer_8: yes yes answer the prince enge or absently
	layer_10: yes yes answer the prince engor absently
	layer_12: yes yes answer the prince engur absently

file: 1650-167613-0033.flac
expected: the french have destroyed my home and are on their way to destroy moscow they have outraged and are outraging me every moment they are my enemies
	layer_2: the franchustis stoye my hold ande on le woyd of tistoy mosicl they havp ollthrist anoure ollt rison le every moments the army anamins
	layer_4: the frenci as distoyed my hoe and or only wardl destroy masicl they haf ou treast and our out risugmy every moment the rma anemies
	layer_6: the franch has destroyed my home and a only weid o destroy mosicle they have outreist and our outraso me every moment te rma anemies
	layer_8: the french has destroyed my home and are only wa to destroy mosicl they have outreaste and are outrasong me every moment dirma enemies
	layer_10: the franche has destroyed my home and ar only way to destroy masyco they have outreached and are outrasing me every moment der ma enemies
	layer_12: the franche has destroyed my home and ar only way to destroy masycale they have outreached and are outrasing me every moment dier ma enemies

file: 1650-167613-0034.flac
expected: in my opinion they are all criminals
	layer_2: ye my elpini ber oal criminals
	layer_4: im my otpiniober ol criminals
	layer_6: yi my opinia bere awll criminals
	layer_8: in my oultinia ber owl criminals
	layer_10: in my altina beer owl criminals
	layer_12: in my altinia beer owl criminals

file: 1650-167613-0035.flac
expected: and so thinks timokhin and the whole army
	layer_2: and so  thinks to malgy and the whol armyn
	layer_4: and sol thinks timalci and the whole army
	layer_6: and so thinks to malcui and the whole army
	layer_8: and so thinks to malchy and the whole army
	layer_10: and so thinks to malcy and the whole army
	layer_12: and so thinks to malchy and the whole army

file: 1650-167613-0036.flac
expected: since they are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may have been said at tilsit
	layer_2: sue the are my fose they can nol be my frinc whelt evever may hawe beu sad adt a tuset
	layer_4: suse the are my fols they can neot ben my friendcs whalever may ha be sad at a tulsit
	layer_6: sis the are my fols they cannolt be my friends whatever may have beu sad at a tuset
	layer_8: sis theye are my folds they cannot be my friends whatever may have beu said at a tusett
	layer_10: sis they are my fols they cannot be my friends whatever may hae been said at a tuset
	layer_12: sis they are my folds they cannot be my friends whatever may have been said at a tuset

file: 1650-167613-0037.flac
expected: yes yes muttered pierre looking with shining eyes at prince andrew
	layer_2: yess lotherde per locen with shining eyes at tha prs anu
	layer_4: yes dyes materedhe per lokin with shining eye sat tha priec andu
	layer_6: yes yes mattered per loe him with shining eyes at h prics anu
	layer_8: yes yes muttered piere lok im with shining eyes at tae princ anu
	layer_10: yes yes muttered piere loke him with shining eyes at thae princt's anew
	layer_12: yes yes muttered piere lokehim with shining eyes at tha princ's annew

file: 1650-167613-0038.flac
expected: they talk to us of the rules of war of chivalry of flags of truce of mercy to the unfortunate and so on it's all rubbish
	layer_2: the toctoourst of erusd of r of ivery ou flack of tous o mercy to the unfortine t in assa wong te fol robersh
	layer_4: the towlk toous of aruse of oar of sivery ou facs of trutse of mercy to the unfortinadanasolorng ti ou rabish
	layer_6: the tawk to as of erust of war of civory of plaxs of truthe of mercy to the unfortunatand so long is ou rabish
	layer_8: the talwk tous of arust of war of ivery of flacxs of truth of mercy to the unfortunate and so long is ou rabbish
	layer_10: the tak to us of arust of war of civery of flacks of truths of mercy to the unfortunate ind so long is oul rabbi
	layer_12: the tawk to us of arust of war of civery of flacks of truth of mercy to the unfortunate ind so long is oul robbi

file: 1650-167613-0039.flac
expected: they plunder other people's houses issue false paper money and worst of all they kill my children and my father and then talk of rules of war and magnanimity to foes
	layer_2: the plander other lebols houlses usu fous plaver uny and a arstuf fiow the kil my cuden an the my father and tan towlk of ruse elf ar and mag nimite to fols
	layer_4: the plander of ther pepo's haulses use fells plaver bonny and a warst al ou they killed my children an he my father and tan tolk off ruself r and magnimiteas to fols
	layer_6: the plander of the peples houases yeusu fals plaver bony and a worst el oue they killed my children handen my father and dayin talk off ruself ar and magnimitise to fus
	layer_8: they plander of ther people's houses usu fals plaver boney and worst o fou they killed my children andt my father and dan talc off rues of war and magnimates to fos
	layer_10: they plander of the peoples houses usufas pleverboney and a worst o fawl they killed my children and my father and dane talcoff ruesef war and magnimities to foks
	layer_12: they plander of thei people's houses ushufas pleverboney and a worst of faul they killed my children and my father and dane talcoff ruesef war and magnimities to foks

file: 1650-167613-0040.flac
expected: take no prisoners but kill and be killed
	layer_2: tak no prissoners by the cel and beco
	layer_4: take no prisoners by the kil and be cild
	layer_6: take no prisoners by the cil and be killed
	layer_8: take no prisoners by the keele and be killed
	layer_10: take no prisoners by the keel and be killed
	layer_12: take no prisoners by the keel and be killed

file: 1650-167613-0041.flac
expected: prince andrew who had thought it was all the same to him whether or not moscow was taken as smolensk had been was suddenly checked in his speech by an unexpected cramp in his throat
	layer_2: prise endrew who have falterd was all the same to him whether wer nowt mosicgo was tagenas moultans cadebeen oir so the wayd chacting his spice bya an spackted t  crambiis thrut
	layer_4: price anjew who have falde  was all the same to him whether werl now te mansica was taken as moulance cadbein will sou thaway  chac ting his speech by a and spack ted crambys throat
	layer_6: prince andrew who have faldied  was ou the same to him whether war now the mounsico was taken as moulins cabin wil sodenly a checkeding his speech by an an spected crambis throat
	layer_8: prince andrew who have foluted was alt the same to him whether wher now the mounsacoe was taken as maulins chatbeen wils suddenly checkding his speech by an anspected crambes throat
	layer_10: prince andrew who have fauded was all the same to him whether ar now the mausaco was taken as maulin's hadbeen while suddenly checkeing his speech by an anspected crambe's throat
	layer_12: prince andrew who have fauded was all the same to him whether ar now the mausaco was taken as maulin's hadbeen while suddenly checked ing his speech by an anspected krambe's throat

file: 1650-167613-0042.flac
expected: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes glittered feverishly and his lips quivered as he began speaking
	layer_2: heu pasedop and down of fiyou itime sin silens bu the his eyes gletor fhirrisly and the hishleves queeberd as ha begins biking
	layer_4: he pased op and don a fewttime sin silence but the his eyes glater fiveruicialy and the his leves queebered asks te begin speaking
	layer_6: he paced up and don a fewo time sin silence but th his eyes gleater fivorishily and the his sleifs queebered as to began speaking
	layer_8: he paced up and down a few times sine silence but t his eyes gleater fevourishly and th his leivfs quebered as to begin speaking
	layer_10: he paced up and down a few times in silence but t e hiss eyes gleater feverishly and the hiss leivs quavered as to begin speaking
	layer_12: he paced up and down a few times in silence but the hiss eyes gleater feverishly and the hiss leifs quavered as to begin speaking

file: 1650-167613-0043.flac
expected: and when there was a war like this one it would be war
	layer_2: and the wone there was a or  like this one i be ror
	layer_4: and the on there was ste ore  like this one it be rwore
	layer_6: and the wine there was the roare like this one it be a ror
	layer_8: and the ene there was the roar like this one itwould be a roar
	layer_10: and the wind there was the roar like this one it wuld be a roar
	layer_12: and the wind there was the roar like this one it would be a roar

file: 1650-167613-0044.flac
expected: what is needed for success in warfare
	layer_2: wha this mneted the for succisd in rre fair
	layer_4: wha this neted the foure succiseing wor faire
	layer_6: wae this neidod be fore suxcising warfar
	layer_8: wll this needed to fore succising warfare
	layer_10: well this needed afore succising warfare
	layer_12: well this needed a fore succising warfare

file: 1650-167613-0045.flac
expected: and in spite of all this it is the highest class respected by everyone
	layer_2: an us bit ouf oul tis it is the highus the class respacted the boy every one
	layer_4: onhe usepite olf al this it is the high est the class respected the by everyone
	layer_6: ane use spite olf all this it is the highest the class respected to by everyone
	layer_8: in te you spite off all this it is the highest the class respected to buy everyone
	layer_10: on te you spited off all this it is the highest the clas respected to buy everyone
	layer_12: on the you spited off all this it is the highest the clas respected to buy everyone

file: 1650-167613-0046.flac
expected: how does god above look at them and hear them
	layer_2: hol do scoda bo loak a them an  hear gem
	layer_4: ho dha scod above lok at them and e hear them
	layer_6: hado skud above lok at them and  heare them
	layer_8: adoskudt above looke at them and heare o them
	layer_10: ado skut above look at them and hear of them
	layer_12: ado skut above looke at them and hear of them

file: 1650-167613-0047.flac
expected: i see that i have begun to understand too much
	layer_2: i seeved that i have pegan tho antheirstand to mth
	layer_4: i seed that i havpe began to ender stand tomuch
	layer_6: i see that ii hae began to understand to much
	layer_8: i see that i hav began to understand too much
	layer_10: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_12: i see that i have began to understand too much

file: 1650-167613-0048.flac
expected: and it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it's not for long he added
	layer_2: and the dhosen dofor men of paset of the tree of knowlege ar coo thinteble ah weithis now fourlong he addit
	layer_4: and the doesen dorl for mant of cased of the tree of knowledge ore cood hin eble ah well it is now four long he added
	layer_6: and the doesen' dou for men have cased of the tree of knowledge o goode andble ah well it is nouth foour long he added
	layer_8: and a doesn't dole for men have casted of the tree of knowledge of good and eble ah well it is now for long he added
	layer_10: and ey doesen't dule for men have taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evile ah well it is now forelong he added
	layer_12: and ay doesn't dule for men have taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it is now forelong he added

file: 1650-167613-0049.flac
expected: however you're sleepy and it's time for me to sleep
	layer_2: hoever yoursellavpy and this time for medjistlyp
	layer_4: however yeurst ileavpy and this time for me jusleep
	layer_6: however eursleive and this time for mejiusleep
	layer_8: however your slieve e and this time for me jyosleep
	layer_10: however your sleveye and this time for me to sleep
	layer_12: however your sleveye and thiis time for me to sleep

file: 1650-167613-0050.flac
expected: go back to gorki said prince andrew suddenly
	layer_2: go bac to gorcu saidthe prihis aendr a seuthelr
	layer_4: go back to gorkue said the prise andr o sutenla
	layer_6: go back to gork y said the princst andro suddene
	layer_8: go back to gorchy said the prince andro suddenly
	layer_10: go back to gorkye said the prince androw suddenly
	layer_12: go back to gorcy said the prince androw suddenly

file: 1650-167613-0051.flac
expected: go go before a battle one must have one's sleep out repeated prince andrew
	layer_2: go gold before batl one mast efa wone solipowtf repd princ enje
	layer_4: go gold before bad one mastaf  one solipow mripid brinced anje
	layer_6: go gold before battle one mastee one soleipow repid princedganjel
	layer_8: go gold before battle one must have one sleep ow repid prince andewl
	layer_10: go goald before battle one must have one's sleep ow repid prince andrew
	layer_12: go goald before battle one must have one's sleep how repid prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0052.flac
expected: no he does not want it pierre concluded
	layer_2: no he dtus mnot wanter pur cone codeid
	layer_4: no he des mout wante pure come coded
	layer_6: no he does mout wanted pure com coded
	layer_8: no he does mot want i purre conclouded
	layer_10: no he does mout want it purre conclouded
	layer_12: no he does mout want it purre concluded

file: 1650-167613-0053.flac
expected: and i know that this is our last meeting
	layer_2: and i now thot the thisis  oue were last themetin
	layer_4: and i know thother thisits oure wre last the meting
	layer_6: an i know thather this is ou were last tomeeting
	layer_8: and i know that this is thou were last a meeting
	layer_10: and i know that this is thou were last a meeting
	layer_12: and i know that this is thou were last a meeting

file: 1650-167613-0054.flac
expected: one picture succeeded another in his imagination
	layer_2: one pictursleccededn a mother si magination
	layer_4: one picturse lexcided aother ested magination
	layer_6: one pictur hsleck ceeded annother esti magination
	layer_8: one picture slic ceeted another is hiimagination
	layer_10: one picture succeeded another ins i imagination
	layer_12: one picture succeeded another ins his imagination

file: 1650-167613-0055.flac
expected: on one of them he dwelt long and joyfully
	layer_2: i one o them e heiad dels hlong andaerfulrd
	layer_4: i one o them heih dreldse  along and a surefol id
	layer_6: i one off them h h dreled along and a sure full it
	layer_8: i wone of them he a drellet along and assure full it
	layer_10: i wan of them he dwelt along and a sure forlit
	layer_12: i won of them he dwelt along and a sure foll it

file: 6123-59150-0000.flac
expected: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epileptic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_2: his carat is get jroncl go mad wit jellusy e follinipolictic fits alrave his stiricaly
	layer_4: his characters get jron will go mad with jealusy er fall enipolectic fits all rave histirically
	layer_6: his characters get dronk will go mad with jealousy ill fall in apolectic fits all rave hysterically
	layer_8: his characters get drunk will go mad with jealousy irl fall in epolectic fits all rave hysterically
	layer_10: his characters get drunk ill go mad with jealousy ir fall in epoleptic fits or wave hysterically
	layer_12: his characters get drunk ill go mad with jealousy ir fall in epoleptic fits or wave hysterically

file: 6123-59150-0001.flac
expected: if dostoevsky had had less vision he would have been strindberg
	layer_2: if tosair sky had had less vision he wouldhae been stringer
	layer_4: if torser ski had had less vision he would have been strinvurb
	layer_6: if dorseski had had less vision he would have been stringvurb
	layer_8: if darsyrski had had less vision he would have been strynberg
	layer_10: if doseyrski had had less vision he would have been stryinberg
	layer_12: if dorseyrski had had less vision he would have been strinberg

file: 6123-59150-0002.flac
expected: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_2: lick them he is n of loisto tortur
	layer_4: lake them he is anof listof torture
	layer_6: like them he is inevolistof torture
	layer_8: like them he is a nevolist of torture
	layer_10: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_12: like them he is a novelist of torture

file: 6123-59150-0003.flac
expected: certainly the lust of cruelty the lust of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dostoevsky's men and women
	layer_2: cer tin wit the last of crelty lostod tis struction fit istruction sake is the most conspecuous of the deadly seens and dusterskis man and women
	layer_4: certain with the last of cruelty the last to destruction videstructi ans sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins and dostes is man and women
	layer_6: certain with the last of cruelty the lost a destruction i destructions sake is the most conspecuous of the deadly sins and dosaskis men and women
	layer_8: certainwlyth the lust of cruelty that lost a destruction ofer destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins and dosaskis men and women
	layer_10: certainly the lust of cruelty that los to destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in doseeskhis men and women
	layer_12: certainly the lust of cruelty that los to destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in doseyeskis men and women

file: 6123-59150-0004.flac
expected: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_2: yhe may not thee a cruel aser
	layer_4: he may not the a cruel alsa
	layer_6: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_8: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_10: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_12: he may not be a cruel also

file: 6123-59150-0005.flac
expected: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniacal conflict
	layer_2: but they anever ing bealance theyaeawasn dim and ic  quonflis
	layer_4: but they an never in balance they areralways in diman ichal quontfligs
	layer_6: but they are ever in balance they arealways in demonichao cuonflics
	layer_8: but they are never in balance they are always in demonichaol conflicts
	layer_10: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflicts
	layer_12: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflicts

file: 6123-59150-0006.flac
expected: even the lust is never or hardly ever the lust of a more or less sane man
	layer_2: ven the lost his never  hardlyever the lost of ta more ar les san man
	layer_4: even the lost is never o hadlieve the lost of a more ar less sane man
	layer_6: even the lost is never o hardlievo the lost of a mor or less sane man
	layer_8: even the lost is neve o hardly eva the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_10: even the lost is never o hardly eve the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_12: even the lost is never o hardly eve the lost of a more or less sane man

file: 6123-59150-0007.flac
expected: dostoevsky could not have described the sin of nekhludov in resurrection
	layer_2: thousirskhe could not have thescribd the scen ef necktatof in resirraction
	layer_4: tdusarski could not have describe the sen of nechlaive in reserection
	layer_6: dosesky could not have described the sin of nekledov in resurection
	layer_8: doseski could not have described the sin of nekladof in resurrection
	layer_10: daserski could not have described the scen of nekhludoff in resurrection
	layer_12: dasseyski could not have described the scene of nekhludoff in resurrection

file: 6123-59150-0008.flac
expected: this is a madhouse cries some one in the idiot
	layer_2: this is a madhose crissom oneintheadis
	layer_4: this is a madhouse cried som one in the tius
	layer_6: this is a madhouse cris some one in theitius
	layer_8: this is a madhouse cries some one in the itius
	layer_10: this is a madhouse cries some one in the itias
	layer_12: this is a madhouse cries some one in the itias

file: 6123-59150-0009.flac
expected: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_2: whon resolt of this is anmo ter plicity of action
	layer_4: hone result of this is a motoplicity of action
	layer_6: one result of this is a mutiplicity of action
	layer_8: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_10: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_12: one result of this is a multiplicity of action

file: 6123-59150-0010.flac
expected: even the talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_2: iven e talk is ol vactions more tan o by dears
	layer_4: even atalk his ol actions more tharn o vydeas
	layer_6: even a talk his ol actions more than ol ideas
	layer_8: even ta talk his old actions more than all ideas
	layer_10: even to talk is old actions more than all ideas
	layer_12: even to talk is old actions more than all ideas

file: 6123-59150-0011.flac
expected: he sows violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_2: he sow his vilant dads not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_4: he saw his violent deds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_6: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_8: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_10: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_12: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck

file: 6123-59150-0012.flac
expected: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_2: but one had notisduring this last to days that the othr was warin the silvilr watch ana yellowd byd chane which is seems not to have see on un before
	layer_4: but one had notice during this last two days that the other was wearing a silverl watch on a yellow bad chain which is seems not to have seen non hum before
	layer_6: but one had noticed during thos last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which it seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_8: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which it seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_10: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which it seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_12: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which it seemd not to have seen on him before

file: 6123-59150-0013.flac
expected: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_2: he took a nihe and when hi's friend od ternd away he appursed imcutiously from behind tookame turned his eyes heaven woords crossd himself and praying fervently god frgivenmifor cras sake
	layer_4: he took e nife and when his friend he turned away he approrsed him cautiously from behind took ame turned his eyes heaven woards crossed himself and praying fervantly god forgive me for crist sake
	layer_6: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approced him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ sake
	layer_8: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_10: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_12: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake

file: 6123-59150-0014.flac
expected: he never paints everyman he always projects dostoevsky or a nightmare of dostoevsky
	layer_2: e never paints everymen healways projet s tos torvesky or a not mero dosto eve sky
	layer_4: hoe never paints every man he always projects tosto eifski or a nit mari dos to heavski
	layer_6: he never paints every man he always projects dostovski or a night mariofe dostoheavski
	layer_8: he never paints every man he always projects dosteevski or a knight mariof dostehevski
	layer_10: he never paints every man he always projects dostayevski or a knightmare aoe dosteyevski
	layer_12: he never paints every man he always projects dosteyevski or a nightmare of dosteyevski

file: 6123-59150-0015.flac
expected: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenina or fathers and sons
	layer_2: that is whi crim in pnistiment telongs to a lowerrangeoffixtion than anecrenina l father's n suns
	layer_4: that is wy crime an punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anicarenina ol father's and suns
	layer_6: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anne carenina or fathers and sons
	layer_8: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than annecarenina or fathers and sons
	layer_10: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenona or fathers and sons
	layer_12: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than annakarenina or fathers and sons

file: 6123-59150-0016.flac
expected: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_2: we simperthis en dad with the fears the brevido that daspair that succeeved the crim
	layer_4: wee simpathise indeed with the fears the bravidow the despair that succeevd the crime
	layer_6: we sympathis indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeeded the crime
	layer_8: we sympathise indeed with the fears the brvado the despair that succeede the crime
	layer_10: we sympathise indeed with the fears the brevado the despair that succeede the crime
	layer_12: we sympathise indeed with the fears the brevado the despair that succeede the crime

file: 6123-59150-0017.flac
expected: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_2: he is a grotesqk made alie by sheremaginativeveen tensity in passion
	layer_4: he is a gratesue made alive by sherimaginative intensity an passion
	layer_6: he is a greatesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity in passion
	layer_8: he is a groatesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_10: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_12: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion

file: 6123-59150-0018.flac
expected: one does not grudge an artist an abnormal character or two
	layer_2: whon does not gridgeonat ics anaenorml cac yurto
	layer_4: one does not grad ean artice in avnormale caracter tom
	layer_6: one does not grigeonartus in abnormal characteor ton
	layer_8: one does not gridge an artis in abnormal character or tom
	layer_10: one does not gridge anartus in abnormal character or two
	layer_12: one does not gridge anartus in abnormal character or to

file: 6123-59150-0019.flac
expected: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens invents comic grotesques
	layer_2: he envente vitious grates a s dickens advente coit gratists
	layer_4: he invente vicious greates as dickens idvente comit gratests
	layer_6: he invente vicious greates as dickond advenced comict greatests
	layer_8: he invents vicious grates as dickons evence comic greatests
	layer_10: he invents vicious gratese as dickons evence comic greatests
	layer_12: he invents vicious gratese as dickons envence comic greatests

file: 6123-59150-0020.flac
expected: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_2: was very formned of haning cats and buring them with great cermany
	layer_4: was very fornd of hanging cats and bearying them with great ceremany
	layer_6: was very formed of hanging catks and buaring them with great ceremony
	layer_8: was very foned of hanging cats and buarying them with great ceremony
	layer_10: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_12: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony

file: 6123-59150-0021.flac
expected: as for the karamazovs themselves he portrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_2: as for the caramas oves hem selves he petrased the old father in the olders of his sons hatin ach other and fighting like bruto maniex
	layer_4: as for the caramidsoves themselves he petraved the old father ind the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutlmaniacs
	layer_6: as for the karamezolves themselves he betraves the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutolmaniac
	layer_8: as for the karamazovs themselves he betracesd the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_10: as for the karamazovs themselves he betrayes the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_12: as for the karamazov themselves he betrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs

file: 6123-59150-0022.flac
expected: serve him right shouted dmitri breathlessly
	layer_2: servein right shated t metu breslesly
	layer_4: serv him wright shaded the mito brestlessly
	layer_6: serve him right shouted the mitru breastlessly
	layer_8: serve him right shouted de mitru breathlessly
	layer_10: serve him right shouted demitru breathlessly
	layer_12: serve him right shouted demitru breathlessly

file: 6123-59150-0023.flac
expected: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_2: if r havn't kilting ar come again and kill him
	layer_4: if i hadn't kilding a'r come again and kill him
	layer_6: if i hadn't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_8: if i hadn't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_10: if i hadn't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_12: if i hadn't killed him i'll come again and kill him

file: 6123-59150-0024.flac
expected: it is easy to see why dostoevsky has become a popular author
	layer_2: t isesyd to se whi dostard sgehas become er poccile outer
	layer_4: t is easy to see why dos tared ski has become a popular autha
	layer_6: i is easy to see why dostireteski has become a popular author
	layer_8: it is easy to see why dusterski has become a popular author
	layer_10: it is easy to see why dasteyrerski has become a popular author
	layer_12: it is easy to see why dosteenski has become a popular author

file: 6123-59150-0025.flac
expected: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_2: no mela domitist ever poredout incidentupon thi stage froind such a harn of plenty
	layer_4: no meladramitist ever pored out incident upon the stage from such a horn of planty
	layer_6: no melogrametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_8: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_10: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_12: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty

file: 6123-59150-0026.flac
expected: dostoevsky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_2: dustairscese always reay to showe the molin ant oncs
	layer_4: dosta skys always ready to shows the morlinat once
	layer_6: dostarskis always ready to show the morl in at once
	layer_8: dosterski is always ready to show them ol lin at once
	layer_10: dosterski is always ready to show them al lin at once
	layer_12: dosteyrski is always ready to show them al lin at once

file: 6123-59150-0027.flac
expected: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general epanchin prince s adelaida ivanovna lizaveta prokofyevna yevgeny pavlovitch radomsky princess byelokonsky aglaia prince myshkin kolya ivolgin ippolit varya ferdyshchenko nastasya filippovna nina alexandrovna ganya ptitsyn and general ivolgin
	layer_2: on two oposite pagers of the diot one finds the followinclaract ise broughtin by name general eparngion prince es at alaydar ive novnar lizavetter proclfhe ona ye hove gaany pove lovevich re don' sky princess bearl quonesky a glaya prince mishckan color e volgen e pallit va verdis shenke nistaurse fil a povnar nenar ele'sen jovnar gonya tisean and general vogen
	layer_4: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the followin claractis broughtin by name general aparson prince es adalader evenovna lizivetter prockophiadna he have gainy povlovich redonski princess belalequonski agleya prince mishikan colliar evolgan ipoelid vayo fa dish cinkor nistarca pilopovne nena elexsengovne gona tistan and general ivogan
	layer_6: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following charactirs brought in by name general apargon prince s ede lada ivanovna lizzavetta prokofiadna hye have geiney pravlovitch redonski princess bilelokonski a glea prince mishikin coliear ivolgan ippolid vayo fare dishsenco mastarci pilapovna nina eleanjovna gona tissten end general evolgan
	layer_8: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general o patan prince s adileyda ivanovna lizivetta prokofyevna vgueni pavlovitch redonsky princess bile lekonski aglea prince mishkin calya ivolgan ippolid vayyo ferdesshanko nastaca pilapovna nina alexangovna gonya tisin n general ivolgan
	layer_10: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general lapargin prince s adilaeda ivanovna lizivetta prokofyevna yevgni pavlovitch redonsky princess bilelakwonski agleya prince mischkin calyer ivolgan ippolyde vaya ferdescenku nistacia filipovna nina alexandrovna goagnya tistan n general ivolgan
	layer_12: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general lapargin prince s adilada ivanovna lizivetta prokofyevna yevgeni pavlovitch redonsky princess bile lakwonski aglea prince mischkin caleu iwolgan ippolyde vaya ferdischenku nistacia fillipovna nina alexandrovna gogna tistan n general ivolgan

file: 6123-59150-0028.flac
expected: but the secret of dostoevsky's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_2: but the sa crt of dustear s kus appeal is somtetning more than the mostithutd an threel of hi sinsidance an chractes
	layer_4: but the sacret of dostfscis appeal is something more than the multitude in threl of his instidence and characters
	layer_6: but the secret of dostir skise appeal is something more than the multitude and thril of his incidents and characters
	layer_8: but the secre of doster ski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_10: but the secret of dosterskid's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_12: but the secret of dosteerskid's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters

file: 6123-59150-0029.flac
expected: mister murry boldly faces the difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_2: mistermarbordle faces r diffiquity and attempsta definition
	layer_4: mister maribldly faces a diffiquity and attempts te definition
	layer_6: mister marriboldl faces a diffiqulity and attempt to definition
	layer_8: mister murri bowldlewfaces the difficulty and attempts to definition
	layer_10: mister murrai boldeyfaces the difficulty and attempts a definition
	layer_12: mister murrai boldyfaces the difficulty and attempts ha definition

file: 6123-59150-0030.flac
expected: to him dostoevsky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_2: to him dusirsk is worok is the record of a great min seeking for a way ofd lie it is moresthan a reckolrt of a struggle it is te struggle it self
	layer_4: to him dosersk is work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is thestruggle itself
	layer_6: to him doseskis work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_8: to him daserski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_10: to him toseyrsk's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_12: to him tosseyrsk's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself

file: 6123-59150-0031.flac
expected: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness
	layer_2: and those voices take sha e ancertiant unforgettible fraugments of dylog thet have in spoken by one spirit to another in some ogly  meain taven sart in surrounding darkness
	layer_4: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragmence of dylog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mea in tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_6: and those voices take shape in certain unforgetable fragents of dialog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_8: and those voices take shape in certain unforgetable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_10: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_12: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness

file: 6123-59150-0032.flac
expected: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_2: ultimantely they o the creation s nodt hem aman who desie tuo be but of a spirit which saort o no
	layer_4: ultimately they are ther creations not him a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sorpt to know
	layer_6: ultimately they are the creations not am a man who desired to be but of a spirit woulh sought to know
	layer_8: ultimately they are the creations not am a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_10: ultimately they are the creations not am a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_12: ultimately they are the creations not am a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know

file: 6123-59150-0033.flac
expected: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_2: becaussayre possesst they ar nor longer man and women
	layer_4: because hele possessed they are no longer man and women
	layer_6: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_8: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_10: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_12: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women

file: 6123-59150-0034.flac
expected: this is all in a measure true
	layer_2: this is alin a meagea true
	layer_4: this is all in ameajinet true
	layer_6: thit is all in a measurece true
	layer_8: this is all in a measure true
	layer_10: thit is all in a measure true
	layer_12: this is all in a measure true

file: 6123-59150-0035.flac
expected: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dostoevsky's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_2: to say thios is not o denie the spirthraccontent of dusers is work the anguish of the imprisen soul as at battls wot doaut and denil n dispir
	layer_4: to say this is not to deny the spirta qontent of dsteesc is work the anguish of the imprison soul as at battles with dout and denile and despair
	layer_6: to say this is not to deny the spiriture content of dostiuskhis work the anguish of the imprison'd soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_8: to say this is not to deny the spirit re content of dostaeski's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_10: to say this is not to deny the spiritar content of doseeski's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_12: to say this is not to deny the spiritar content of doseeski's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair

file: 6123-59150-0036.flac
expected: there is in dostoevsky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than setebos
	layer_2: thereis ind usescy as suggestion of caliben tryingd tid iscover some betted god thanc etatabos
	layer_4: thereas an doseeskiy a suggestin of calourban trying to discover some better gord than ste tables
	layer_6: there is in dosesky a suggestion of caluban trying to discover some better gord than ster tables
	layer_8: there is in dosaesky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than ser tables
	layer_10: there is in dosayeski a suggestion of kaliban trying to discover some better god than ser tables
	layer_12: there is in dosayeski a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than sir tables

file: 6123-59150-0037.flac
expected: the ultimate attitude of dostoevsky is as christian as the apostle peter's lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_2: the old tmant adtituded dustaey scy is ws cristiones the apposo petes lordi eleve hlped theouh mye umbeliefe
	layer_4: the altimate attitudef dostoosky is as christian is the apposal petes lawrd i believe helped thouw mye un belief
	layer_6: the ultimate attitude of dosteesky is as christian as the apossil peters lord i believe helpd tho migne unbelief
	layer_8: the ultimate attitude of dosteoski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_10: the ultimate attitude of dosteyewski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_12: the ultimate attitude of dosteyewski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief

file: 6123-59150-0038.flac
expected: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dostoevsky still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_2: and beyong the dark nat have sofer i and disuipating the night thustirsky stll seas the light of christiing compassion
	layer_4: and beyond the dark night oe sufering and disipating the knight tua skystill seis the light of christian compassion
	layer_6: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night daseski still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_8: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night doseski still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_10: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night doseski still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_12: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dosseski still sees the light of christian compassion

file: 6123-59150-0039.flac
expected: or even by the compassion of others like prince myshkin in the idiot
	layer_2: tor ve by the compassion of others lc prince miscan in the adia
	layer_4: or eveng by the compassion of others lice princemiscian in the idiot
	layer_6: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot
	layer_8: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot
	layer_10: or even by the compassion of others like prince michkin in the idiot
	layer_12: or even by the compassion of others like prince michkin in the idiot

file: 6123-59150-0040.flac
expected: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_2: his work oluck his face burs the mock of this teribale conflet
	layer_4: his work lack his face bars the marck of this terrible conflect
	layer_6: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_8: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_10: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_12: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict

file: 6123-59150-0041.flac
expected: the novels are the perfect image of the man
	layer_2: the novels or the perfrect emmug of te man
	layer_4: the novels ofe the perfect imegef the man
	layer_6: the novels are the perfect imag a a man
	layer_8: the novels are the perfect image of e man
	layer_10: the novels are the perfect image of e man
	layer_12: the novels are the perfect image of tha man

file: 6123-59150-0042.flac
expected: as to the man himself the vicomte de voguee described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_2: thas so the man himself the recomptediv olgay described him ats his saw hing in the last tears of his life
	layer_4: thas sto the man himself the recomtedivilgey described him as his saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_6: as to the man himself the vecome da dievolge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_8: as to the man himself the vicomte e de voulge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_10: as to the man himself the vicomtede de vougue described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_12: as to the man himself the vicomte de de vougue described him as he saw him in the last years of his life

file: 6123-59150-0043.flac
expected: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_2: when he begame excited on a setaind point whene could have sworn that one had seining befor se td an a bention a policecoht awaiting thril or a mong bagaboancehe pass their time begging before the prison doows
	layer_4: when he begame excisted on ha sertain point wen could have sworn that one had seening before seated n a bention a policed cout awaiting thrial or among baggablonce he pass their time bagging before the prison doors
	layer_6: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seening before seated on a bencion a policed court awaiting trial or among bagabonds whe passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_8: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among bagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_10: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_12: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors

file: 6123-59150-0044.flac
expected: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old slavonic saints
	layer_2: atd allo ter times whe carry that lookof srd and gentle makness san on the mages of oldesthe vone ex cants
	layer_4: atal o ther times whoe carryed that look of sard and gentle makness sein on the images o olds the vonixcaints
	layer_6: at all other times who carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seene on the images of olds the vanic saints
	layer_8: at all other times whe carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old sthavanic saints
	layer_10: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old stavanic saints
	layer_12: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old stavanic saints

file: 6123-59150-0045.flac
expected: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind dostoevsky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_2: bash apportued of the man one seazsd the hind usars kus nowls e porth it wene might olmo s heven fired from the nobles
	layer_4: basts apporture of the man one sees the hind osta s u'se nvls a porthit one might almost haveinfered from the novles
	layer_6: bat is a porturde of the man one sees the hind dota o sci'se novels a porth at one might almost have inferred from the novles
	layer_8: bhat is a portaite of the man one sees bhehind oseevskis knovels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_10: bhat is a portrait of the man one sees behind osteevski's knovels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_12: bhat is a portrait of the man one sees behind osteevski's knovels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels

file: 6123-59150-0046.flac
expected: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_2: it is a peegi that it once facinates end rew pels
	layer_4: it is a figi at at once facinates andrepels
	layer_6: it is a figure that at once fascinates and rewpells
	layer_8: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_10: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repels
	layer_12: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repels

file: 6123-59186-0000.flac
expected: he is not by temperament a singer
	layer_2: he is not by temprmedto sinar
	layer_4: he is not by temperimenta sina
	layer_6: he is not by temperament to singa
	layer_8: he is not by temperamenta singna
	layer_10: he is not by temperamenta singa
	layer_12: he is not by temperament ta singa

file: 6123-59186-0001.flac
expected: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and storm
	layer_2: hi's masac us a still smaorld woice unedenly mach togaess his consciousness of midnit an stall
	layer_4: his masic as a still small oice on evenly matched ogaeivst his consciousness of midnigte and stal
	layer_6: his mersic is a still small oice unevenly matched agais his consciousness of midnight and stall
	layer_8: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stall
	layer_10: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stall
	layer_12: his music is a still small voice unedenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stall

file: 6123-59186-0002.flac
expected: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_2: truth to tell mister hardy is nei the sufficiently articulat nor sufficiently frsidious to be a great poet
	layer_4: truth to tell mister harty is nerthe sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fhastidious to be a great poet
	layer_6: truth to tell mister hargdye is nei ther sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fasidious to be a great poet
	layer_8: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_10: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_12: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet

file: 6123-59186-0003.flac
expected: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_2: het does not expresse liufe asily inbeautifur word sor an images
	layer_4: he does not expresse life easily in beautiful word are an images
	layer_6: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or an images
	layer_8: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or an images
	layer_10: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_12: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images

file: 6123-59186-0004.flac
expected: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_2: thus he wrigtsin a found her ate of one who
	layer_4: thus he wrihtsin i found her ater of one ho
	layer_6: thus he writes in i found her auptere of one who
	layer_8: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_10: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_12: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who

file: 6123-59186-0005.flac
expected: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic exaggeration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_2: the could not  an ugly and mre preseacoutd sugduration ths contained in th rmygein te last lon
	layer_4: the could not be an ugliand mile preseicude suderation thon se contained in the image in the last lane
	layer_6: ther could not be an ugly and more prosai cude sageration thon is contained in the image in the last lin
	layer_8: there could not be an uglyr and mor prosaicuts aguration than is contained in the image in the last lin
	layer_10: there could not be an uglyier and more prosaicaes aguration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_12: there could not be an uglier and more prosaicasaguration than is contained in the image in the last line

file: 6123-59186-0006.flac
expected: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_2: and proson jruds in the tcs of words as well ars in imigtes
	layer_4: and prosan druede in the cose of words as well as and images
	layer_6: and prosan dreds in the chice of words as well as an images
	layer_8: and prosin drudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_10: and prose in drudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_12: and prose in drudes in the choice of words as well as in images

file: 6123-59186-0007.flac
expected: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_2: take foro xanmpl the urssef the word domasild in the passage in the same pa tabek
	layer_4: take for example the urson the word domasild in the passage in the same pale magarck
	layer_6: take for example the us of the word domiciled in the passage in the same pal magarqu
	layer_8: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same pal madarque
	layer_10: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same palm madarque
	layer_12: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same palm medarque

file: 6123-59186-0008.flac
expected: when we as strangers sought their catering care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_2: when wes stranges sought their cater in care vold smiles bespoke their thought of what we wer
	layer_4: when weias stranges sought their caterin care vaild smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_6: when we is strangers sought their catering care vailed smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_8: when we is strangers sought their caterin care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_10: when we is strangers sought their caterin care veiled smiles bespoke thei thought of what we were
	layer_12: when we is strangers sought their catering care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were

file: 6123-59186-0009.flac
expected: catering care is an appalling phrase
	layer_2: catering care rs and a palling fras
	layer_4: catering careis an a palling fpraze
	layer_6: katering care is in a palling phrase
	layer_8: katering kare is in appalling fhrase
	layer_10: katering care is in appalling frase
	layer_12: katering care is in appalling frase

file: 6123-59186-0010.flac
expected: is a line of good poetry
	layer_2: is alrin of gaodpoety
	layer_4: is a line of god poloty
	layer_6: is a line of good poloty
	layer_8: is a line of good poty
	layer_10: is a line of good poetry
	layer_12: is a line of good poetry

file: 6123-59186-0011.flac
expected: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet less for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that high compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope hour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_2: you did not come and mauching time re on and wal me nomn yet los fe lostof yo dea presence their then hat i lust fand lacking in your make that high compassion which canover beir wer loctance ftor pure loving kindness sake greed diy when is the her bau stroakt id som you did not come
	layer_4: you did not come and marching time drew on and wa me numb yet los por los of your dear presente there then that i thus found lacking yin your make that higheacompassion which can overbere reluctance for pur loving kindness sake grievedi when is the hoeaua strokedet som you did not come
	layer_6: you did not come and marching times drew on and war me numb yet los for loss of your dear presents there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbeart reluctance for pure loving kindness sake greieb i when is the hopeo stroked it sum you did not come
	layer_8: you did not come and marching time drew on and warm me numb yet lost for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake griebed i when as the hope ou stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_10: you did not come and marching time drew on and warm me numb yet los for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake griebed i when as the hopeow stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_12: you did not come and marching time drew on and warm me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake griebed i when as the hopeowe stroked its sum you did not come

file: 6123-59186-0012.flac
expected: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases like in your make and as the hope hour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_2: there  hans of the grandsdyl of ly rit potry in thes linds but frases luck in your make and is the hope elr strokd ed some a discuos thet prihat tumbling to the liveles of ittor and commontlac
	layer_4: ther a hints of the grand sdyale of liric poletry in these lines but phrases luck in your make and is the hope al struked et som a discowds that brigat tumbling to the levels of victoriand commontlece
	layer_6: there are hints of the grand style of liric poletry in these lines but phrases lucke in your make and as the hope ale stroked it sum ar discordes that brigat tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_8: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases luck in your make and as the hope oice stroked its sum are discordse that bring ot tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_10: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but prase's luck in your make and as the hope oice stroked its sum are discords that bring iut tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_12: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but prase's luck in your make and as the hope owice stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace

file: 6123-59186-0013.flac
expected: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_2: he has at temperment sensitive beyon that of albut a fewratent rightes to the pain ampassion of human beings
	layer_4: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of oll but a furacent rites to the payin amdpassion of human beings
	layer_6: he has a temperaments sensitive beyond that of all but a furecent rites to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_8: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent rites to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_10: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent righters to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_12: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent righters to the pain and passion of human beings

file: 6123-59186-0014.flac
expected: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late cristina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue and the bust to name a few
	layer_2: wone can remember palm of te pal of his with ha teme that might asily have serveds for mister hardy two late cristino the lost mistress the last ride together the stathu in the bust to name of few
	layer_4: one can remember palm after pam of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister harty two late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the stata in the bust to name oa few
	layer_6: one can remember paem after polem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statuue and the bust to name a few
	layer_8: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few
	layer_10: one can remember polm after polm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few
	layer_12: one can remember palm after palm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few

file: 6123-59186-0015.flac
expected: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_2: but whaddi sense of chiump theire eis and brownins thiagedies
	layer_4: but whaticence of chiump there is and brownings thrageties
	layer_6: but what a ense of chiump there is in brownings tragedies
	layer_8: but what a sense of chiumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_10: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_12: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies

file: 6123-59186-0016.flac
expected: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_2: his wold as a placof opulance nut a povity
	layer_4: his woled as a place of orpulence not o poverty
	layer_6: his world as a place of opulence not af poverty
	layer_8: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_10: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_12: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty

file: 6123-59186-0017.flac
expected: to have loved even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_2: to have logbdivdhen for an hala is with brownning to live foreverafter in heeanheritante o e mighte achevement
	layer_4: to have lobedleden for an a is with browning to lived forever after in the inheritancs of a mighty echievement
	layer_6: to have lobe ivent for an hour is with browning to live forever after in the inheritance of a might achievement
	layer_8: to have loved even for an hour is withbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_10: to have loved evven for an hour is worthbrowning to live forever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_12: to have loved even for an hour is worthbrowning to live forever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement

file: 6123-59186-0018.flac
expected: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_2: to have loed fr an hour isin mis te hirdes imgination to ave dapened the sadness even more than the beauty of once memoris
	layer_4: to have logd for an hour is and mister hirhtye's imagination to have depened the sadness even more than the beuty of one's memorious
	layer_6: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_8: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_10: to have loved for an hour is in mister hady's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_12: to have loved for an hour is in mister hady's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories

file: 6123-59186-0019.flac
expected: for then i undistrest by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_2: for then eiy undistressed by hearts gron caled to me could lonly wreait my an des rest with har coinimity
	layer_4: for then y undistresst by heart's growng colld to me could lonly rat my endlhes rest with her quinimity
	layer_6: for then ie undistressed by heart's growng cold to me could lonly wrate myendlers rest with their cuanimity
	layer_8: for then i undistressed by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wrate my endler's rest with their quanimity
	layer_10: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonly wate my endlers rest with their quanimity
	layer_12: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wate my endlers rest with their quanimity

file: 6123-59186-0020.flac
expected: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragile frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_2: but time to make me grieve pat stills let's part a bid and shakes this fogo fram at eve wihthrobbings of nentid
	layer_4: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part o bid and shakes this fajol frame at eave with thrubbings of noontid
	layer_6: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fagel frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_8: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part o bide and shakes this fragele frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_10: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fragele frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_12: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fragele frame at eve with throbbings of noontide

file: 6123-59186-0021.flac
expected: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen
	layer_2: and disparis by no meins triunthans in wad irs perhaps the most etthactive o al miste haird is ponms the oksen
	layer_4: and dispairies by no means triunphant in whad is perhaps the most attractive of all mister harde is palms the oxen
	layer_6: and despairis by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister haris palems the oxen
	layer_8: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's polms the oxen
	layer_10: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's polms the oxen
	layer_12: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's palms the oxen

file: 6123-59186-0022.flac
expected: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their strawy pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_2: you pitould tha meke mil createns whar they drill ton this dory pen nor did it ae par ta one of usther to doubt ther we nealing then
	layer_4: your picture the mek miled creatures where they drelt in their dory pen nor did it aper to one of os ther to doubt thoye were neealing then
	layer_6: you pictured the mik mild creatures where they drelt in their story pen nor did it appuar to one of os there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_8: oupictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it appuar to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_10: yo pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it occuar to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_12: wo pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then

file: 6123-59186-0023.flac
expected: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_2: the meter fath hellev arather of deliht in the memory o faith hi's not mister hrd is prevailig mod
	layer_4: the modif faith heever o rather of delight in the memory of faith his not mister hurd is prevailing mood
	layer_6: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardis prevailing mood
	layer_8: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardey's prevailing mood
	layer_10: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_12: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood

file: 6123-59186-0024.flac
expected: he can enter upon a war without ironical doubts as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_2: he caln ente rpon a wall wit thout iranyqaald duxs thas we sea in the some men h much away
	layer_4: he can enterupon a woarl withthat i runiqaad ducks has we see in the son men hu march away
	layer_6: he can enter upon a wall withhot iurunicoad ducks as we see in the sun men who march away
	layer_8: he can enter upon a wall without ironic od ducks thes we see in the somg men who march away
	layer_10: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the sumg men who march away
	layer_12: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the sumg men who march away

file: 6123-59186-0025.flac
expected: how long he cries in a poem written some years ago
	layer_2: how long he cries in apan riten some mas ago
	layer_4: how long he crives in a pon ritten some mus ago
	layer_6: how long he cries in a polm written some eaes ago
	layer_8: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago
	layer_10: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago
	layer_12: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago

file: 6123-59186-0026.flac
expected: when shall the saner softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism grown godlike scorn to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_2: when t o the sana softe polities were o wy jdream have sway an ach proud land and patiedt his im gron goldlack scone tesdand bon slave a rolms but sicl erththand seee
	layer_4: when till the sana softa polities where afve dream have sway in each proud land and patuod is en grwng gordlack scon destand bon slave o roams but circle earth and seas
	layer_6: when shall the sanes soft or polities where al vwe dream have sway in each proud land and patrotism growng god lick scorn dostand bonde slaved to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_8: when shall the sano's softer polities whereall we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growng godlick scorn do stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_10: when shall the seines softer polities whereall we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlike scorn tostand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_12: when shall the seinors softer polities whereall we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing goudlike scorn to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas

file: 6123-59186-0027.flac
expected: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relatives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_2: but perhaps his caradterisicgatirched to wars to be found not inlinds lic nes but in that melancally pame the sols of the slaine in which the sols of the ded soldiers returnd to their country and question as seniou soflame wis to haw etheir friends iand relities havf kept therd douty dads in rmemberances
	layer_4: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancoly polem the souls of the slaine in which the sols of the ded soldiers returned to thir country and question aseniau sol flame as to how their friends and relities have kept their doubte deds in remembrance
	layer_6: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholypalm the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country an question esenior soul flame is to how their friends and relities have kept their douty deeds in remembrance
	layer_8: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy polem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country in question essino sol flame is to how their friends and relities have kept their doughtyed deeds in remembrance
	layer_10: but perhaps his characteristic attitude of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returne to their country and question asino soul flame as to how their friends and relities have kept their doughtye deeds in remembrance
	layer_12: but perhaps his characteristic attitude of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returnd to their country and question asino soul flame as to how their friends and relitives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance

file: 6123-59186-0028.flac
expected: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_2: and gener how hod out e sweet harts swon lil is does
	layer_4: and general how hold out our sweet hearts swon loyl is doves
	layer_6: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_8: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_10: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_12: and general how holdout our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves

file: 6123-59186-0029.flac
expected: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_2: some fikle and fleethearts a found ther new loves
	layer_4: some ficle and fleethearts afound them new loves
	layer_6: some ficle and fleet hearts ave found them new loves
	layer_8: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loaves
	layer_10: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loaves
	layer_12: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loaves

file: 6123-59186-0030.flac
expected: and our wives quoth another resignedly dwell they on our deeds
	layer_2: and i wivs quithen other resonedly dol dheion oi deeds
	layer_4: and iu wives quit another resinedly dol dheon oudeeds
	layer_6: and our wives quift another resignedly dulday on ou deeds
	layer_8: and our wives quih another resigndedly dal daon our deeds
	layer_10: and our wives quoth another resignedly dalday on our deeds
	layer_12: and our wives quoth another resignedly daldaion our deeds

file: 6123-59186-0031.flac
expected: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_2: ous te hidy has too bither assens of reality to belevd much in the glory of fal
	layer_4: muste haty has too bitter assense of reality to believde much in the glory of wal
	layer_6: muste haghy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of wa
	layer_8: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_10: mister hardey has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_12: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war

file: 6123-59186-0032.flac
expected: the real world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_2: the rerwoal to mister hurty is the wod of and tiuent human things in which ware has come to be hitious  relivencs
	layer_4: the verewelld to mister harty is the rold of entient human things in which ware has come to be a hideous irelevance
	layer_6: the reare world to mister hardy is the word of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_8: the rearworld to mister hardey is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_10: the rear world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_12: the rear world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance

file: 6123-59186-0033.flac
expected: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's poems about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_2: it mabe taoght on the oer hand that mis ter hard is polnes bout wal and no more ekxpressive of thrugit fu tility that his pans about love
	layer_4: it maybe sthought on the ovher hand that mister hard is polns about wall a nomore expressive of tradgic futility that his pons about love
	layer_6: it maybe thought on the other hand that mister hardes ponds about war an no more expressive of tragic futility thant his ponds about love
	layer_8: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's pons about war and no more expressive of tragic futility than his ponds about love
	layer_10: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's pons about wau are no more expressive of tragic futility than his pons about love
	layer_12: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's pons about wau are no more expressive of tragic futility than his pons about love

file: 6123-59186-0034.flac
expected: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both
	layer_2: eatility an frostroation tat ever rycari steeams and both
	layer_4: itility and frostration a ever reari tsheems and both
	layer_6: futility and frostration are ever requaring sheemes in both
	layer_8: fautility and frostration are ever requaring sthemes in both
	layer_10: futility and frustration are ever recuarring themes in both
	layer_12: futility and frustration are ever recuarring themes in both

file: 6123-59186-0035.flac
expected: his lovers like his soldiers rot in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_2: his lovers lick his solgies wruting te graved de feeted of their grory
	layer_4: his lovers lack his soldiers wreting the gra defated of their gory
	layer_6: his lovers like his soldiers wrotting the gray defeated of their glory
	layer_8: his lovers like his soldiers wrotting the grey defeated of their glory
	layer_10: his lovers like his soldiers rotting the gray defeated of their glory
	layer_12: his lovers like his soldiers rotting the gray defeated of their glory

file: 6123-59186-0036.flac
expected: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_2: lovers ar lways sevrt brothinlife andindet
	layer_4: love as ar always sevred broth in life and in death
	layer_6: love as are always seved broth in life and in death
	layer_8: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_10: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_12: lovers are always severed both in life and in death

file: 6123-59186-0037.flac
expected: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_2: in be on he last tamp we have the same mon fur cry ovther severence
	layer_4: in beyon delast thamp we have the same monful cri oveher severents
	layer_6: in beyondhe last vamp we have the same mounful cry over severants
	layer_8: in beyond the last bamp we have the same mournful cry over severants
	layer_10: in beyond the last bamp we have the same mournful cry over severants
	layer_12: in beyond the last bamp we have the same mournful cry over severants

file: 6123-59186-0038.flac
expected: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal on to yours one robin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_2: no shade ofd pinycou te tree o towe while erthanjeus wee fore end my mound and bithin the al stial un to yrs one roben never hort a to greeng coveatoes
	layer_4: no shade of pinnico he tree or tower while earth and jus will fall end my mound and with in the aa steal unto yurs one rubin never hournt are two green covertueles
	layer_6: no shade of penicoo a tree or tower while earth endurs will fall en my mound and within the oui steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green coverturs
	layer_8: no shade of pinnycool ar tree or tower while earth endurs will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures
	layer_10: no shade of pinnacool or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures
	layer_12: no shade of pinnacool or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures

file: 6123-59186-0039.flac
expected: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_2: they brig us face tof face with an expiraence intenser than ot oun
	layer_4: theiy bring as face to face with an experience intenseve than out own
	layer_6: they bring his face to face with an experience intensiv than our own
	layer_8: they bring us face to face with an experienced intensive than our own
	layer_10: they bring us face to face with an experienced intensive than our own
	layer_12: they bring us face to face with an experienced intensive than our own

file: 6123-59186-0040.flac
expected: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corpse like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullest of dull hued days
	layer_2: noting ho tinious worth hoe i wroughtupontded pland no onm thing asking blamal prais sincs the parl corks ut birth of thistrna unit bearing blank sinal hits rays dellist of dell he days
	layer_4: nothing of tinees worth hove i rought pondered planed no un thing asking blamal prais since the parle courksli birth of tisdernal unit bearing blank sin al thats rays delust of dulihured days
	layer_6: nothing of tinies worth have i wrought pondered planed no one thing asking blame ar prais since the paele cork like birth of this dirnal unit bearing blanks in all its rayse dullest of dulahured dayse
	layer_8: nothing of tiniest wirth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or prais since the pale corks like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rais dullest of dullihued days
	layer_10: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or prais since the pale corklike birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dullest of dulehued days
	layer_12: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or prais since the pale corklike birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dullest of dulehued dayse

file: 4153-186223-0000.flac
expected: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_2: in bone coner of the litl rom can it forbs squated upone obengh with an empty pin boks hasd carelesly in his lap
	layer_4: in bone coer of the little room can ath forbes squated upon a pench with an empty pine box had carelessly in his la
	layer_6: in one corner of the little room cannith forbes squatted upon a pench with an empty pine box hasd carelessly in his lap
	layer_8: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_10: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_12: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap

file: 4153-186223-0001.flac
expected: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pencil but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_2: why dunkin wbooked the boy was busy wih his pense but neither had spoken for a ties a harf a
	layer_4: whil dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at lesed a harf aur
	layer_6: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at leased a half
	layer_8: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at leased a half huf
	layer_10: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his penses but neither had spoken for at leastd a half hour
	layer_12: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour

file: 4153-186223-0002.flac
expected: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_2: then riding slorly up the headg e boartde drad his trubers oncemore arsayil him and he wonederd of there was not some pwhat upon the broaugd ar to which he could fli for attiavind undter the grs had left enmust fr cood
	layer_4: then riding slowly up the heade bodor road his trubers once more a saild him and he wondered of there was not somes qat upon the broad art to which he could fly for a tiament untl the girlds had left elmust for good
	layer_6: then riding slowly up the hedge pordord road his trubblrs once more assail him and he wondered if there was not some port upon the broad arth to which he could fly for a tirement until the girls had left elmast for good
	layer_8: then riding slowly up the hedge porderd road his trubbles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for e tyrmant until the girls had left elmust for good
	layer_10: then riding slowly up the hedge pordered road his trubbles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tyrmant until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_12: then riding slowly up the hedge pordered road his trubbles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tymant until the girls had left elmhurst for good

file: 4153-186223-0003.flac
expected: nora shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him
	layer_2: nor ra shid and he looked apteo discover lhat he had mr ly drun down up pe destrian astoutl atto man wth a bondlunder his am who heald up one hand as if to wat esthim
	layer_4: nor rarshide and he looked up to discover that he had nearanly run down ap pidestrian a stoutlittl man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as ift to ward est him
	layer_6: nor rashiede and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to woard est him
	layer_8: nora shyd and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to ward est im
	layer_10: nora shid and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to werest him
	layer_12: nora shid and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to warest him

file: 4153-186223-0004.flac
expected: where do you want to go asked the boy
	layer_2: bheehyu wente hall askedthe boy
	layer_4: rvery wont to gall asked the boy
	layer_6: very wont to gall asked the boy
	layer_8: wver you want to call asked the boy
	layer_10: weredo you want to call asked the boy
	layer_12: weredo you want to call asked the boy

file: 4153-186223-0005.flac
expected: then it's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_2: thet is the same jan is evea he respanded with e shake of his grisitltd hea
	layer_4: thet is the same jane is ever he responded with the shake of his grizilled head
	layer_6: that is the same jane his ever he responded with he shake of his grizzled head
	layer_8: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_10: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_12: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head

file: 4153-186223-0006.flac
expected: do you know i sort o hoped she'd reformed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_2: the no i snt a hop she teformd and i' eegladase her agaim thit ol me sh's goe money
	layer_4: deoukno i sont a hope she treformed and i'd big lad asi her again thitill me sh's gov money
	layer_6: d youknow i sin a hope she preformed and i'd big lad as e her again tlettel mi she's got money
	layer_8: d you know i sen a hope she' performed and i'd big glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_10: d'you know i sent a hope she's performed and i'd bi glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_12: d'you know i sent a hope she's performed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money

file: 4153-186223-0007.flac
expected: aunt jane's rich aunt jane
	layer_2: antans righ anten
	layer_4: aunt nes rich ante
	layer_6: auntn's rich anta
	layer_8: aun tn's rich aunti
	layer_10: aunt jne's rich auntine
	layer_12: aunt jane's rich aunt tine

file: 4153-186223-0008.flac
expected: echoed the man quickly what's your name lad
	layer_2: eor the monqrickly what u name tin
	layer_4: acord the mancrickly whith you name lane
	layer_6: ecord the man qrickly what you name lane
	layer_8: echoed the man quickly what your name land
	layer_10: echoed the man quickly what' your name land
	layer_12: echoed the man quickly what your name lad

file: 4153-186223-0009.flac
expected: don't like girls i take it
	layer_2: don't my gor i dickit
	layer_4: don't my girse i dickit
	layer_6: don't my girs i dick et
	layer_8: don't my girls i ticke it
	layer_10: don't my girls i dike it
	layer_12: don't my girls i dike it

file: 4153-186223-0010.flac
expected: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_2: another lornas then the boy suddnt le terned quesh now
	layer_4: aneoither lawnfas then the boy suddenly tuned questino
	layer_6: another long cas then the boy suddenly turned questiona
	layer_8: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questionar
	layer_10: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questionir
	layer_12: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questionim

file: 4153-186223-0011.flac
expected: you know aunt miss merrick sir
	layer_2: youd know on btmis maric sir
	layer_4: you know on but miss maric sir
	layer_6: you now un t miss meick sar
	layer_8: you no aun u miss mellick sir
	layer_10: you no aun  miss melrick sir
	layer_12: you no aun  miss merrick sir

file: 4153-186223-0012.flac
expected: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_2: a yusto when meberbooth yongter
	layer_4: a usto when me berboth younger
	layer_6: i u sto when we beboth younger
	layer_8: i usdto when we were both younger
	layer_10: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_12: i used to when we were both younger

file: 4153-186223-0013.flac
expected: kenneth stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with a whimsical smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_2: gan it stopd shot and the mas topped and le litte man weith a wim a goot smilat the boyse as donishmen ases topd
	layer_4: gan it stoppedshot and the ma stopped and he little man with a wims a got smile at the boys astonishment alse stopped
	layer_6: kannet stoppd shot and the mare stopped and the little man with the wems a goot smile at the boys astonishment alls he stopped
	layer_8: kannett stopped short and the mayr stopped and the little man with te wayms a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_10: kannett stopped short and the mayor stopped and the little man with a wim's a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_12: kannett stopped short and the mayor stopped and the little man with a wim's a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped

file: 4153-186223-0014.flac
expected: john merrick that's me
	layer_2: jowhn melick but me
	layer_4: john melic bhat me
	layer_6: john melic that me
	layer_8: john mellick that me
	layer_10: john melick that me
	layer_12: john melick that me

file: 4153-186223-0015.flac
expected: you were the tinsmith
	layer_2: yu was a tensmet
	layer_4: you was a tensmet
	layer_6: you was a tensmeth
	layer_8: you was a tensmith
	layer_10: you was a tensmath
	layer_12: you was a densmath

file: 4153-186223-0016.flac
expected: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merrick
	layer_2: thickep crack of here be cas she suddenly became righ and a great laty and bhat wash as a rising thing to hap it oar meicg
	layer_4: thiyck ap crack of her becuse she suddenly became ricgh and a greatlady and that wiash a supbrising thing to hapehto o meric
	layer_6: shickep crack of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happe to a meric
	layer_8: dickep crack of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick
	layer_10: dick up track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick
	layer_12: tick up crack of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick

file: 4153-186223-0017.flac
expected: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_2: tank your lad riet on the man rarfully i thought a litt eexecice would dome god but thist re mis hars seem leke tarty to me
	layer_4: thank your lad frit on the man cratfully i thought a little execise would dome good but this hreemile has seemd like thirty to me
	layer_6: thank your lad frettrornd the man createfully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_8: thank your lad freturned the man greatefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_10: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_12: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me

file: 4153-186223-0018.flac
expected: i will said the man
	layer_2: i wi said the man
	layer_4: i will said the man
	layer_6: i will said the man
	layer_8: i will said the man
	layer_10: i will said the man
	layer_12: i will said the man

file: 4153-186223-0019.flac
expected: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_2: the boy  ndte way but in a moment hilto again
	layer_4: the boy tened a wayr but in a moment hil ted again
	layer_6: the boy turned aware but in a moment halted again
	layer_8: the boy turned away but in a moment walted again
	layer_10: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_12: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again

file: 4153-186223-0020.flac
expected: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_2: his interesst in mis gencs brather john was excradnary
	layer_4: his intereset in mis gene's brother john was excrodinary
	layer_6: his interest in miss jeane's brother john was extrordinary
	layer_8: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_10: his interest in missus jean's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_12: his interest in missus jeane's brother john was extraordinary

file: 4153-186222-0000.flac
expected: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child
	layer_2: blers little d ngerd in this quart alemptiuure so im me as wil oeld be flende with the porchied
	layer_4: btos little dangered in this quartallempsure so i meras welould be flenced with the por chid
	layer_6: theres little dangeld in this quartel empsure so i'm meaas we wuld be flence with ha poor chiled
	layer_8: theres little danger in this quarterl ampsure so i meeas well ud be lenged with ta poor child
	layer_10: there's little danger in this quartr i'm sure so i ma as well wuld be flenged with e poor child
	layer_12: there's little danger in this quartrl i'm sure so i ma as well woud be flenged with the poor child

file: 4153-186222-0001.flac
expected: ah why not
	layer_2: ah wry nont
	layer_4: ah ri not
	layer_6: ah rhynot
	layer_8: ah rynote
	layer_10: ah rynote
	layer_12: ah rynote

file: 4153-186222-0002.flac
expected: beth hesitated
	layer_2: mat pesitated
	layer_4: ma esitated
	layer_6: myesitated
	layer_8: matesitated
	layer_10: mahesitated
	layer_12: mahesitated

file: 4153-186222-0003.flac
expected: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_2: the let teor askd e mee to visiter was the first i have ever to ceipe frorhe mer
	layer_4: the letter askin me to visitae was the first i have ever receivd foromher
	layer_6: the latter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_8: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_10: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_12: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her

file: 4153-186222-0004.flac
expected: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_2: but sinceshe asked me to visit her wecjodnege she hads offtd and might wishdto beconfendly and ol axceptad the invetation
	layer_4: but since she asked me to visit her we hudge she had s oftened and might wish to becomflendy and to i acceptat the invidation
	layer_6: but since she asked me to visit her whe judge she had softened and might wish to become fanly and ti i accepted the invidation
	layer_8: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become fendy and to i accepted the invitation
	layer_10: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become friendy and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_12: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation

file: 4153-186222-0005.flac
expected: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_2: swily to gise woald have a batter im in this lony ord plece than wone could hav ilon
	layer_4: shuly to gis will have a better time in this lonly old plece than one could have alone
	layer_6: suarly two gis will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_8: suurely two gils will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_10: surely two gils will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have aloan
	layer_12: surely two gils will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have a loawn

file: 4153-186222-0006.flac
expected: oh yes she has corrected louise
	layer_2: o yes she hans codletedrerice
	layer_4: o yes she hands colected teice
	layer_6: oh yes she hands condected teis
	layer_8: oh yes she hands conlected douise
	layer_10: oh yes she hans collected louise
	layer_12: oh yes she hans collected louise

file: 4153-186222-0007.flac
expected: you mean patricia doyle yes
	layer_2: yu meain puttry sha do yes
	layer_4: you meain pattresia doo yes
	layer_6: you mean partritia dol yes
	layer_8: you mean partritia doled yes
	layer_10: you mean patricia doyled yes
	layer_12: you mean patricia doyle yes

file: 4153-186222-0008.flac
expected: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth calmly
	layer_2: thet me ma conclared she left out of the arengement said bet come
	layer_4: thetn me may concloede she left out of the arrengement said beth come
	layer_6: that we may concloe she left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_8: thetn we may conclode she left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_10: then we may conclude she left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_12: then we may conclude she left out of the arrangement said beth come

file: 4153-186222-0009.flac
expected: you'll fight for your chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_2: you al fie froy r on chahnts and fiet  myhty hart
	layer_4: you wae fie frey or own chance and fie for mihty hart
	layer_6: you wave fiet for your own chance and figet for mighty hart
	layer_8: you hae fight for your own chance and fige or mighty hard
	layer_10: you wal firet for your own chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_12: you w'l fighet for your own chance and fight mighty hard

file: 4153-186222-0010.flac
expected: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jane's money
	layer_2: whye muy dear cusim i do't fant anchyive money
	layer_4: why myy dear cousin i don't fwant ancites money
	layer_6: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jhves money
	layer_8: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chev's money
	layer_10: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt che's money
	layer_12: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt che's money

file: 4153-186222-0011.flac
expected: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find rest from my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_2: my mather ani out ampleoprvited for and i ony he ar to fi ne gress for my sa chol ues and ticel a quanted with my thead father sistep that is or
	layer_4: my mather ad i aur am pleprovided for and i am only he are to find dress for my social duaties and tickul acquainted with my dead father sistep that is all
	layer_6: my mother and i are am pleprovided for and i am only heare to find dress for my social duities an tickul acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_8: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties anticcle acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_10: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dresse for my social duties anticl acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_12: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dresse for my social duties anticu acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all

file: 4153-186222-0012.flac
expected: my father teaches music and mother scolds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_2: my fas tha teachis music and mothers house im continurly fthr not being abredto un inough money t o keeap out of tet
	layer_4: my fathe t eachis music and mother's hose im continually for not being able to on enough money to kep out of deat
	layer_6: my father teach es music and mother's hose him continually for not being able to an enough money to keep out of deat
	layer_8: my father teaches music and mothers hos him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_10: my father teaches music and mothers holds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_12: my father teaches music and mothers hords him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt

file: 4153-186222-0013.flac
expected: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_2: we've nov ese nos sernt of heor money orthugh father hast ridtadt diamsto barwenough to happon ight of his diffickil ties
	layer_4: we've nevwas e knos scent of her money orthough father hastrited tiams to bar w enough to happin ut of his diffic alties
	layer_6: we've nevers he no sent of her money orthough father hast tridad times to bor w enough to happym out of his difficulties
	layer_8: we've never seen no scent of her money although father has strid at times to bor ow enough to hepp him out of his difficulties
	layer_10: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has triede at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_12: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has triede at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties

file: 4153-186222-0014.flac
expected: i even kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_2: i youd kissd hevwhent she askd me to and a saita shevwer all d ou my back
	layer_4: ar youd kissed her ven she askd me to and et sat to siver alld houn my back
	layer_6: ar youhd kissed her when she asked me to and it sat to shever all dhown my back
	layer_8: are you'd kissed her when she asked me to and it saidt to shiver all down my back
	layer_10: aw you'd kissed her when she asked me to and it saind to shiver all down my back
	layer_12: aw you'd kissed her when she asked me to and it said to shiver all down my back

file: 4153-186222-0015.flac
expected: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fuss around invalids and assist them
	layer_2: for my pat i am fornd of everyone and it diligts me te fasrdun invillids and nassis them
	layer_4: for my pat i am fornd of every one and it delights me to fassaroun invillages and assyst them
	layer_6: for my pat i am forned of everyone and it delights me to fasaround in village and assist them
	layer_8: for my part i am foned of everyone and it delights me to fast around in village and assist them
	layer_10: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fast around in village and assist them
	layer_12: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fast around in village and assist them

file: 4153-186222-0016.flac
expected: you say you like to care for invalids and i don't
	layer_2: you se you like to cafulr in willets and i don't
	layer_4: you seay you' like to carefr in willits and i don't
	layer_6: you say you'l like to care for in villets and i don't
	layer_8: you seay you'l like to care for in willits and i don't
	layer_10: you say you'll like to care for in willit's and i don't
	layer_12: you say you'll like to care for in willits and i don't

file: 4153-186222-0017.flac
expected: you're trying to make me think you don't want elmhurst when you're as anxious to get it as i am
	layer_2: you klimed to make meet think tyou dorn't o el hurs bhut your as i'm cyous to get it as i am
	layer_4: you' climed to make mee think you dont wone el hers bhen your as i amsouse toget it as i arm
	layer_6: youl clinme to make me think you don't wone el hurs bhen youe as i amouse to get it as i am
	layer_8: your clind to make me think you don't want elmhurs wbhet you'are as i amuse to get it as i am
	layer_10: you crin to make me think you don't want elmhurst wen you're as amuse to get it as i am
	layer_12: you' crind to make me think you don't want elmhurst wen you're as iamuse to get it as i am

file: 4153-186222-0018.flac
expected: they call me beth sullenly
	layer_2: theye al me bet slenly
	layer_4: they fall me bet solenly
	layer_6: they fall me bet sulenly
	layer_8: they calld me beth sullenly
	layer_10: they call me beth sullenly
	layer_12: they call me bath sullenly

file: 4153-186222-0019.flac
expected: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the world you know
	layer_2: i condeleve in this out of the waek oner of the warlunal
	layer_4: i can'tdelive in this out of the wak onor of the wialgunal
	layer_6: i calnt beleve in this out of the wake hornor of the wil dyu no
	layer_8: i can't believe in this out of the wayke ornor of the wirld you know
	layer_10: i can't believe in this out of the waycorner of the world you know
	layer_12: i can't believe in this out of the waycorner of the wold you know

file: 4153-186222-0020.flac
expected: but suppose she leaves it to you persisted beth
	layer_2: but s a por she eheads adea fe s isten fet
	layer_4: but sa pors she neids a deal fer sistant fect
	layer_6: but sup pous she needs a dil pe asistent fact
	layer_8: but suppous she needs a deal pher assistent fact
	layer_10: bt suppose she needs a deal per assistent fact
	layer_12: bt suppose she needs a deal per assistant fact

file: 4153-186222-0021.flac
expected: louise seemed to meditate
	layer_2: louui seemd to mete det
	layer_4: louis seemd to madidet
	layer_6: louis seemd to med e dete
	layer_8: louise seemed to mede dete
	layer_10: louise seemed to med a dete
	layer_12: louise seemed to med a dete

file: 4153-186222-0022.flac
expected: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_2: it te mahnifiscsent a stat said bet lookingat acosin toubt fully
	layer_4: it s a mag nificent a state said beth looking at her cousin toutfully
	layer_6: it' o magnificent e state said beth looking at her cousin toubtfully
	layer_8: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_10: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_12: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully

file: 4153-186222-0023.flac
expected: now shall we be friends she asked lightly
	layer_2: now shal me be frent se askd ligtly
	layer_4: now shall be be frent she asked ligtly
	layer_6: now shall be be frient she asked lightly
	layer_8: now shall we be frend she asked lightly
	layer_10: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_12: now shall we be friend she asked lightly

file: 4153-186222-0024.flac
expected: to be sure i should want you to my dear
	layer_2: tor be shur i shald ante littol mydea
	layer_4: to besure i shald ant litto mydea
	layer_6: to be sure i shuld want little my dear
	layer_8: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_10: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_12: to be sure i should want little my dear

file: 4153-186222-0025.flac
expected: such a girl friend it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_2: suhra gord then it had never beein hewrp ro vliged to have tefore and ren hus u spicions wire a garton she became fairly as ponsip and brighten wondiffully
	layer_4: such a girl then it had never been herpro lige to have before and when hers uspicions werte for gaten she became firly les ponsi and brightened wonderfully
	layer_6: such a girl then it had never been her proviliged to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_8: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_10: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_12: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully

file: 4153-186222-0026.flac
expected: silas she said when he entered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_2: silis she said reniantet what you think of my neces
	layer_4: siles she said ranienteret what o ou think of my neaces
	layer_6: silus she said renientot what do you think of my neces
	layer_8: silas she said renientoed what do you think of my nieces
	layer_10: silas she said reniantoted what do you think of my nieces
	layer_12: silas she said reniantotd what do you think of my nieces

file: 4153-186222-0027.flac
expected: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_2: the avarya charmin gardes he ansert o h the otered n age wrent few gas shorth goodavantage
	layer_4: the arb vary charming gords he answers oto the oertan age when few gas shor t good afountage
	layer_6: the ark varyea carming girds he answeresd orthough the arertan age when few girts showr to good afontage
	layer_8: they are very charming girls he answeresd al though they are at an age when few guirls shore to good advantage
	layer_10: they are very charming girls he answers although they are at an age when few gils show t o good advantage
	layer_12: they are very charming girls he answers although they are nat an age when few girls show to good advantage

file: 4153-186222-0028.flac
expected: why did you not invite kenneth to dinner jane the boy
	layer_2: wy eis you nod in wite canes to dennongine the boy
	layer_4: wy des you not inwite cannes to dennon jine the boy
	layer_6: why des you not invite canis to denagine the boy
	layer_8: why does you not invite kenist to denauine the boy
	layer_10: why does you not invite kennis to denagine the boy
	layer_12: why doed you not invite kennis to denaunjine the boy

file: 4153-186222-0029.flac
expected: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_2: he is constity saying tde sagreeber things
	layer_4: he is constily saying disagreeable things
	layer_6: he is constaly saying disagreeable things
	layer_8: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_10: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_12: he is constantly saying disagreeable things

file: 4153-186222-0030.flac
expected: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_2: vey wea said the laoy qui ly which ou my neases deu prfer
	layer_4: very wel said the layl quietly wbhich youf my niecs du propfer
	layer_6: very well said the loyerl quietly wut ofe my necis dou prefer
	layer_8: very well said the lowyer quietly whuc of my nieces do ou prefer
	layer_10: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_12: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you preffer

file: 4153-186222-0031.flac
expected: asked the old lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_2: afthe r lady aftro pas i camnot seai on sor shot and acquinte yanter with cravity which do youprefigin
	layer_4: af theu or ladies after a pos i can not say on so shot an acquainte he answerd with cravity which do you prefeegane
	layer_6: af ewuor ladies after a pause i cannot say on so shot an acquaintae he answered with cravity which do you preferjane
	layer_8: afer your ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with cravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_10: after your ladies after a pause i cannot stay on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_12: after your ladies after a pause i cannot stay on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane

file: 4153-186222-0032.flac
expected: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_2: they at eatquly ansatisfacty she answer
	layer_4: they a eqully an satisfactly she answer
	layer_6: the ard equally unsatisfactry she answered
	layer_8: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_10: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_12: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered

file: 4153-186222-0033.flac
expected: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas
	layer_2: i cannot imagion a hust thelongis to ithor sidles
	layer_4: i cannot imagine and hust belong is to either siles
	layer_6: i cannot imagine elmhurs belong is to either sidlis
	layer_8: i cannot imagine elmhurs belongin to either sides
	layer_10: i cannot imagine elmhurs belonging to either sidas
	layer_12: i cannot imagine elmhurs belonging to either sidas

file: 4153-186222-0034.flac
expected: i must see that other niece the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_2: i mu see that athenies the wone whod defis ne and ar fe s is to anc and my sacon netter
	layer_4: i mutsee that othernes the ane who defise mne and afuses to answ on my second letr
	layer_6: i mustsee that othernis the one who defise me and refuses to ans or my second letter
	layer_8: i must see that other niys the one who defises me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_10: i must see that other niec the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_12: i must see that other niece the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter

file: 4153-186222-0035.flac
expected: there would be a dozen heirs to fight for my money and dear old elmhurst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_2: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money anddear allanhors wiuth be sa derstrangers fi visuomnd tut bittermess
	layer_4: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear all al hos would be solldestrangers she visumed pith pitterness
	layer_6: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear all elemhouse would be sold i strangers she risumed with pitterness
	layer_8: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear oll elmhoust would be soldor strangers she resumed with pitterness
	layer_10: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear od elmhourst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_12: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear old elmhourst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness

file: 4153-61735-0000.flac
expected: they are but lukewarm lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bowshot distance
	layer_2: the arbut lok ome lovers whoocin contenthemselves with the dilaog carid on ad boush tistance
	layer_4: they are but lokom lovers who can content hemselves fith the dilog caried on at boshot distance
	layer_6: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with the diloge carried on at boushort distance
	layer_8: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at boar short distance
	layer_10: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at bourshort distance
	layer_12: they are but lukwarm lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at bourshort distance

file: 4153-61735-0001.flac
expected: if there be an elysium on earth it is this
	layer_2: if therbe analisyu moni it is this
	layer_4: if the bianelisiu monote it is this
	layer_6: if there bean elyssumonat it is this
	layer_8: if there be an elleseu monad it is this
	layer_10: if there be an eles yu monad it is this
	layer_12: if there be an eles ye monad it is this

file: 4153-61735-0002.flac
expected: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_2: his own daughtter his only dorte of thebest bload of sutren arestocrecy bieautfl accomplished everythink to secur him was plended alions haling nightlhe assination with a hoss hunto
	layer_4: his own daughter his onlydogter of the best blood of southen aristocrecy beautiful accomplished everythink to secure him was plended alionce holing nightly assination with a hose hunto
	layer_6: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southen aristocricy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him was plendid alliance holding nightly a sination with a horse hunter
	layer_8: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him ath splendid alliance holding knightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_10: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding knightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_12: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding knightly assignation with a horse hunter

file: 4153-61735-0003.flac
expected: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern counsel
	layer_2: he could wellkancehed sa mache do her k a priece since heirsting at ham could be notisadvantage o the cause tat had trompaned him to the strnd councl
	layer_4: he could welcanced so much do her caprice since her staying at hom could be nodice advantage to the cose that had promptened him to the stened councl
	layer_6: he could wel conced so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be notdisadvantaged to the coause that had promptened him to the sterned council
	layer_8: he could well conced so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the coaurse that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_10: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the course that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_12: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the course that had prompted him to the stern council

file: 4153-61735-0004.flac
expected: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_2: it is ol very knon tha this road bast the hasy andar of cas tae dalcaorwo at some distance from the house and on the opporsite cigde of the river
	layer_4: it is all vedy known that this road based the hasy endar of cassa delcorwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite sigde of the river
	layer_6: it is already known that this road based the hassy enda of carsa del corwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_8: it is already known that this road passed the hascienda of carsa del corwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_10: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of carsa del corvau at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_12: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of carsa del corbaul at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river

file: 4153-61735-0005.flac
expected: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bough then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_2: on riacing the cops he desmaunted let his horse in among thoug underwood hiched him by loo bink his bridldran aranther top mos twiks of in ilasting boe then dthe taching a long rop of twisted horse heir from the hon of his sidl and inserting his arm andow its coy he clidedout to the atge of the ilengd on that sid that lyr towars the hasiender
	layer_4: on reaching the corps he desmounted let his horse in a mong though underwood hetched him by lopink his bridld rain aran dhe dop most twiks of an ellasting bowe then the turching a long rop of twisted horse here from the horn of his sidle and incerting his arm and do its coil he glieded out to the edge of the ieland on that side that lay towards the hasiendar
	layer_6: on reaching the corpse he dispounted let his horse in among though underwoord hatched him by looping his bridle grain aroun the topmost twigs of an elasting boa then detouching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm end o its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hassiyenda
	layer_8: on reaching the corps he dismounted led his horse in among theugh underwood hitched him by looping his bridale grain around the topmost twigs of an elasticg boaw then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his sadle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hasienda
	layer_10: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle grein around the topmost twigs of an elastic boa then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_12: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle grein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda

file: 4153-61735-0006.flac
expected: before forsaking the shadow of the copse he cast a glance towards the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_2: the foreforstheking the shado of the corps he cased a glance towar this ky and met the moon sailing supremely ovel it
	layer_4: the fore forcaaking the shadow of the corpse he castd a glance towar this ky and mat the moon sailing supremely overl it
	layer_6: thefoureforsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward thi sky and mat themoon sailing supremely over it
	layer_8: bhe fourforsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and met the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_10: bhe fourforsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and met the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_12: thefourforsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and met the moon sailing supremely over it

file: 4153-61735-0007.flac
expected: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inebriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_2: the draw conscet which haes saw ofta mus the nock done l in ebriate of geart sitiese apperlto produs a like affect upon the night batroaler of the prary and forro moment the shado liat darckening his brow disappeard
	layer_4: the drowl conceit which hare sow oft e muse the knock donal inabriate of geaetd cities appeal to produs a like affect upon the night paroler of the prairy and for o moment the shadow lat darckening his brow disappeared
	layer_6: the drol conceit which hae so oft amuse the knocdornal inabriate of geate cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night pacroler of the prairie and forra moment the shadow lat darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_8: the droll conceit which has so oft amuse the noctornal inabriate of great cities appeare to produce a like effect upon the night pactroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his braw disappeared
	layer_10: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the knoctornal inabriate of great cities appear to produce a like effect upon the night partroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brawl disappeared
	layer_12: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the knoctornal inabriate of great cities appear to produce a like effect upon the night partroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brawl disappeared

file: 4153-61735-0008.flac
expected: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_2: it not li cely at this ar unlessat be the onar of a bacg concionto canstlyp
	layer_4: it's not likely at his are unless it be the ornur of a bag constient tho consleep
	layer_6: it's not likely at this are unless it be the hownor of a bag conscience who can sleep
	layer_8: it's not likely at his are unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can sleep
	layer_10: it's not likely at this are unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who cant sleep
	layer_12: it's not likely at this are unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can sleep

file: 4153-61735-0009.flac
expected: troth there's one such within those walls
	layer_2: croutet this on such within thos wald
	layer_4: cruth there's one such within those warlds
	layer_6: croth there's one such within those walds
	layer_8: croth there's one such within those walls
	layer_10: crot there's one such within those walls
	layer_12: crot there's one such within those walls

file: 4153-61735-0010.flac
expected: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_2: if he be a brod thae' a good shance of his seeng me un beurpen drouned not that i should gae estro efv it woere only mis af to be confromise
	layer_4: if he be abroad that's a good schance of his seeing me on be open ground not that i should gare astrow ef it woere onlyy mice efto be cone frommiset
	layer_6: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be open ground not that i should care estraw if it were only mys lefe to be comfromised
	layer_8: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_10: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_12: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised

file: 4153-61735-0011.flac
expected: it's no use waiting upon the moon deuce take her
	layer_2: its no use rating upond the morn du stace
	layer_4: it's no use rating upon the moon du stakker
	layer_6: it's no userating upon the moon duestaker
	layer_8: it's no use rating upon the moon desdaker
	layer_10: it's no use raiting upon the moon jesdeker
	layer_12: it's no use raiting upon the moon jeusdeker

file: 4153-61735-0012.flac
expected: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either its cash plate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_2: it istre he had designs upon the hacy ender but these did not contivbplate eiler it scash plyt or jolry if be exccept the morspressious jullat condend the mistriss of the manchion herseslf
	layer_4: it istruw he had designs upon the hasyender but these did not contibl te either it s cashe flatd or julry if we axcept the moe sprasious juel at condend the mistress of the manchiin herself
	layer_6: it istrue he had designs upon the hussy ende but these did not contemplate either it scash flat or jewelry if we axcept the moe precious jewel it contained the mistress of the manch in herself
	layer_8: it is true he had designs upon the hasienda but these did not contemplate either its scash plat or jewelery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the manchion herself
	layer_10: it is true he had designs upon the hasienda but these did not contemplate either its cash flate or jewelry if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_12: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either its cash flate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself

file: 4153-185072-0000.flac
expected: he tarried at genishau a few days and came up to gardow where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_2: he taied againisor of few daiyrs and came up the guardol welli then resided he was a perintly without any busimes tef ots afport him but he sawn became acquanted wrut my sun thomise with whom he hundted fouor a long dime and mide his whorme with him at my hous rantor came mon and he can tne td his da
	layer_4: he taried at ganasor of few days and came up the gardow whenl i then resided he was apparently without any business daforts apport him but he sone became acquainted with my son tomis with hom he hunted for a long time and mide his home with him at my house wintercame mon and he contnud his tay
	layer_6: he tarried at gen ashow a few days and came up the gadou whell i then recided he was apparently without any business duffortsupport him but he soon became acquainted with my son tomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house binter came on and he continued his tay
	layer_8: he tarried at geneshaw a few days and came up tho gardo whel i then resided he was apparently without any business dat fould support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_10: he tarried at geneshaw a few days and came up to gardo when i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_12: he tarried at genneshaw a few days and came up to gardo when i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay

file: 4153-185072-0001.flac
expected: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_2: the enraged husben wrell noyn that he should feel oblo if he watat the ar the order a peated instanterer creted and went down ter eve uter his capted
	layer_4: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel obloow if he waited to har the order rapeated instantcy recreated and went town to revert tor his capttle
	layer_6: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_8: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_10: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_12: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down the river to his cattle

file: 4153-185072-0002.flac
expected: we protected the poor nanticoke woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised a reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_2: we protact ted the poor a manticargk woman and gave hervictuulse and alinscipatised wither in her miss portuns til s tpring when her husbn game to her oc noleie is formalaras and tet he had abused her withouta couse poroamister afimation and shie escived him with every mark ofve  i newl of her offection
	layer_4: we protected the poor mantic ok woman and gave her vectuals an alensympetised with her in her misportune til spring when her husband came to her acnowlishd his former eres and hat he had abused her without a coause pro mister efomation and she received him with every mark ofva e newl of her affection
	layer_6: we protected the poor mantic ok woman and gave her victuals an allenesympatised with her in her missportunes till spring when her husbend came to her acknowliged his former erhers and that he had abused her without a coause pror mister deformation and she received him with every mark of renewl of her affection
	layer_8: we protected the poor mantic oakwoman and gave her victuals and alin sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause proor mister deformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_10: we protected the poor mantiqc oak woman and gave her victuals and alin sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause poor mister deformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_12: we protected the poor mantiqc oak woman and gave her victuals and alen sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause poor mister reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection

file: 4153-185072-0003.flac
expected: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wampum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for
	layer_2: the indiant wa son ancred by the amarican of icer that the want om waos scord the axcepted and that a cuntinuins of beace was ardencyrishdfor
	layer_4: the indiancs were soon answered by the american office that the wankem wos scordo the accepted and that a continuancs of bese was arden eewished for
	layer_6: the indians wers soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwum whose scordiully accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardentcy wished for
	layer_8: the indians wese soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwum whose scordilly accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardentcly wished for
	layer_10: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwum who scorgially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for
	layer_12: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwum who scorgially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for

file: 4153-185072-0004.flac
expected: my son thomas went with them with allen's horse and carried the goods
	layer_2: my sundormis wend with them with aslan's hose and carri the good
	layer_4: my sandormis wens with them with aslan's horse and caried the good
	layer_6: my san dormis went with them with island's horse and carried the good
	layer_8: my san damis went with them with island's horse and carried the good
	layer_10: my san thomis went with them with island's horse and carried the good
	layer_12: my san thomas went with them with island's horse and carried the good

file: 4153-185072-0005.flac
expected: allen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_2: as em on findingmhat his anemies had gone cime bauck to my house where he lived as before but off his drei dorne theye werse swun notifidhe my argra and netils whommarue ressellaamse with is moe bat ty of indans came antd to dtaae him
	layer_4: al im on findingthat his enemies had gone cime barck to my house where he lived as before but of is dretun theye wase sol no tifyde nyagra and nettls whomaried risyllaramsa with his mol party of indians came ont t take him
	layer_6: alen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they ware soon notified at niagra and netktles who married ricellaram say with tha small party of indians came ont to take him
	layer_8: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagra and nettls who married ricella ram se with the small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_10: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagra and nettles who married bricella ramseih with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_12: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagra and nettles who married bricella ramseh with a small party of indians came on to take him

file: 4153-185072-0006.flac
expected: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen all in tatters came in
	layer_2: netils atlength a bandin the chase went hom and adin alen tatos cae on
	layer_4: nettles at length abandond the chase went hom and adlen all en tators came in
	layer_6: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alen oll an tatas came in
	layer_8: nettles at length abandoned the chasce went home and alen all in tatters came in
	layer_10: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alin all in tattor's came in
	layer_12: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alin all an tattor's came in

file: 4153-185072-0007.flac
expected: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_2: by raning in the wood his clar thing had become torn in terlags to that he wash an asatering condition ol  was naked
	layer_4: by runing in the wood his clothing had become torn in telags to that he was an a sufering condition almwast naked
	layer_6: by running in the woods his clothing had become ton into lags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_8: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_10: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_12: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked

file: 4153-185072-0008.flac
expected: allen made his trowsers himself and then built a raft on which he went down the river to his own place at mount morris
	layer_2: alen made histrouses himself and then bilt alafht on which he wet dow the river to his on pleass at mont modise
	layer_4: aslent made his trouses himself and en bilt alaughed on which he went dow dhe river to his own plece at mouned modis
	layer_6: alden made his trouses himself and then built orlaughed on which he went dow the river to his own place at mount moris
	layer_8: allyn made his trouses himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount maris
	layer_10: alyn made his trouses himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount mauris
	layer_12: alyn made his trousers himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount mauris

file: 4153-185072-0009.flac
expected: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his squaw
	layer_2: there and ind in gve him somerfceshment andi good gune with which he hased nd on to little beard sdown bery he found his cor
	layer_4: there and iniin gave him some receshment and a good gun with which he hastdened on to little beards down bhere he found his cor
	layer_6: there an indan gave him some refeshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little berds down where he found his corp
	layer_8: there an indian gave him some refeshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his corp
	layer_10: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his corps
	layer_12: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's down where he found his corps

file: 4153-185072-0010.flac
expected: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_2: not darering to lis conself at that please fol feur of being given u hemae her but a shart visit and caime immediatey to gardol
	layer_4: not dareing to this hinself athoat plece for fer of being given up he mae her but a shot visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_6: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_8: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo
	layer_10: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo
	layer_12: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo

file: 4153-185072-0011.flac
expected: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_2: the love of liboty however i dded to his naturals fifness gave himsufficien strenct to makeus ascae to his forma casl of safety
	layer_4: the lov of liboty however i dded to his naturals wifness gave himsufficient strength to make his escape to his former carsle of safety
	layer_6: the love of libuty however aded to his natura's fifness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formerl caszle of safety
	layer_8: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_10: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former casl of safety
	layer_12: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former casel of safety

file: 4153-185072-0012.flac
expected: his pursuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_2: his poseu as came immediatelytmy house what te expected to have found him secreted and under my prdection
	layer_4: his bosuas came immediately to my house whetle expected to have found him secreted and under my pradection
	layer_6: his possuers came immediately to my house weddy expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_8: his porsuers came immediately to my house werely expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_10: his pursuers came immediately to my house waredthy expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_12: his pursuers came immediately to my house warethy expected to have found him secreted and under my protection

file: 4153-185072-0013.flac
expected: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_2: stil lan satesfigd and outing my wr asity they hadviced my indiin brother tho ouws his infruence too drawfrom me the se celt of his conslment which they had nydeasthat i canstidaut of gratimpartancs nort only to him but tomyses i pusis ted in myagnirins of his ituation and finidlesy left me
	layer_4: stillansat isfid and doubting myvirasity they advise my indian brother to us his infuence to draw from me po secit of his concealement which they had  nideat that i consid art of drat importonce nor only to him but to mycess i perssisted in my agnarince of hisituation and finylly sa left me
	layer_6: still ansatisfied and doubting my viracity they adviced my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me te secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my cess i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finaly is e e left me
	layer_8: still unsatisfied un doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my sces i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally is hey left me
	layer_10: still unsatisfied undoubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to mysels i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally s he left me
	layer_12: still unsatisfied undoubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to mysels i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally s he left me

file: 4153-185072-0014.flac
expected: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_2: he camep to my hous ind the night and a walk me with the greatest coution erling that some of his enemes might be watching to the ae him ata diae when and in op place ware itf would be impasible for him to make es as cape
	layer_4: he came to my house ind the night and a walk me with a greatestcaution ferling that some of his enemies might be watching to they him at a time when and in opplace where it would be imposible for him to make his es cape
	layer_6: he came to my house in the night and awalke me with e greatest caution feurling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place whare it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_8: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution feuarling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_10: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_12: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape

file: 4153-185072-0015.flac
expected: at that time allen lay in a secret place in the gulph a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_2: at that time isln la in a secret place in the guts a shot distanc above my lat in a wholr that he acidently found in the rok neaotherivar
	layer_4: at that time aslent lay in a secret place in the gulls a short distance above my flat in a hol at he accidently found in the rok neathe river
	layer_6: at that time island lay in a secret place in the guls a short distance above my flat in a whole that he accidently found in the rock near the river
	layer_8: at that time island lay in a secret place in the guls a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_10: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulpfhs a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_12: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulphs a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river

file: 1701-141760-0000.flac
expected: the pavlograds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to olmutz to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant there with girls as waitresses
	layer_2: the poe lof grads heal festd after feast celeprating a wards they hadroceie for the campain and made expeditions to all mots divisa assertain corelieno hungrion who had recently orpenerestron der with grlses watreces
	layer_4: the provlove grads held fieast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campagn and made expeditions to allmots divisa assearcain caroline tha hungarian who had recently open aresturant dher with girls a's wetresies
	layer_6: the pravlov grads held feast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campaigne and made expeditions to all motes divissa a certain caraolyine the hungarian who had recently open a restaurant dere with girlds as waitreses
	layer_8: the pravlovgruds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all moats devisa a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently open a restaurant der with girls as waitreces
	layer_10: the pauvlov grads held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all motes devissat a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently open a restaurant dere with girls as waitresses
	layer_12: the pauvlov grads held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all motes devisat a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently open a restaurant dere with girlsas waitresses

file: 1701-141760-0001.flac
expected: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_2: the gardsat mede ter whole marh as tif on a plesuu trip perading thei flaineliness and disipplan
	layer_4: the gards id me their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their clainlyness and disipline
	layer_6: the guards ad meat their whole march as if on a pleasure trip perading their clainliness and discipline
	layer_8: the guards had meet their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their clanliness and discipline
	layer_10: the guards had met their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_12: the guards had met their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline

file: 1701-141760-0002.flac
expected: the regiments had entered and left the town with their bands playing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper posts
	layer_2: the retcumat s ad entwered and left totoe with their boun's pleayg and by the gran dukes ordoers deman hadmarched all the we in step a practis on wirch the gars pradyd themselves the officerse on foot and ot their properporse
	layer_4: the reguments ad entered and left dhe tone with their bands pleaing and by the grand duke's orders deman had marched all the we in step appractive on whichd the guards praded themselves the officers on fooits and at their proper pos
	layer_6: the regiments had entered and left the tone with their bands pleaing and by the grand duke's orders temen had marched all the whee in step a practie on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper pours
	layer_8: the regiments had entered and left te tone with their bands pleaing and by the granduke's orders the men had marched all the wheat in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper puss
	layer_10: the regiments had entered and left te town with their bands pleaing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the wea in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper puise
	layer_12: the regiments had entered and left te town with their bands pleaing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the wea in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper puise

file: 1701-141760-0003.flac
expected: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_2: bora sed eng carserts a had marcht all the wy with burg who was olreadty incomind evf a company
	layer_4: boras had been quarsert and had marched all the way with burgk who was already in comind of accompany
	layer_6: borrus had been quarterd and had marched all the wa with berg who was already in commind of accompany
	layer_8: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with burg who was already in command of a company
	layer_10: borris had been quartered and had marched all the way with burg who was already in command of a company
	layer_12: borris had been quartered and had marched all the way with burg who was already in command of a company

file: 1701-141760-0004.flac
expected: boris during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski through whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief's staff
	layer_2: boroas dur ing to coampan had midey acquintencse of many parsons who miht profuseul to him and by alesttr affrecumendation he had brought from per had become aqueinty with prince andrew bo consky though whom he hoked to obten a poset on the commandren chief stoff
	layer_4: borrows during the campaign had medete acquentance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a leter of recumendation he had brough from piere had become aquenty with prince and drew boll consky though whom he hoped to obten ar post on the commandran chief stuff
	layer_6: borraws during the campaigne had made the acquintance of many parsons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquinte with prince andrew bal konsky though whom he hoped to obtin a post on the commandrin chief staff
	layer_8: boraows during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief staff
	layer_10: borrows during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chiefstaff
	layer_12: borrows during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief staff

file: 1701-141760-0005.flac
expected: berg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them playing chess
	layer_2: burk and borus hadving rested after yestithese march were siting clean and nedly dresst at ar rone teble in teclen quartors a loted to them plain ches
	layer_4: burg and borras huding rested after yes id is march were sitting clean and needly dressed at a roun teble in dheclean quarters a lotted to them plain chess
	layer_6: berg and boras hading rested after yested hi's march were sitting clean and neadly dressed aut a round teble in dhe clen quarters aelottyd to them plain chess
	layer_8: burg and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed aut a round table in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess
	layer_10: burg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them pleain chess
	layer_12: burg and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them pleain chess

file: 1701-141760-0006.flac
expected: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_2: well how ae you egoen togess rs of thats he remarkd
	layer_4: well how are you going to get ut of that' he remarked
	layer_6: well how are you going to get out of that' he remarked
	layer_8: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_10: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_12: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked

file: 1701-141760-0007.flac
expected: at that moment the door opened
	layer_2: at that momenthe dor opend
	layer_4: it that momenthe door opened
	layer_6: at that moment the door opened
	layer_8: at that moment the door opened
	layer_10: at that moment the door opened
	layer_12: at that moment the door opened

file: 1701-141760-0008.flac
expected: dear me how you have changed
	layer_2: dear me how you ha chaged
	layer_4: dear me how you have changed
	layer_6: dear me how you have changed
	layer_8: dear me how you have changed
	layer_10: dear me how you have changed
	layer_12: dear me how you have changed

file: 1701-141760-0009.flac
expected: he was about to embrace his friend but nicholas avoided him
	layer_2: he was ueboto imbrace his friends but niclese avoided hem
	layer_4: he was tebote to imbrace his friends but neckles avided herm
	layer_6: he was habout to embrae his friends but nichola avoided hem
	layer_8: he was about to embraze his friends but nicholas avoided him
	layer_10: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him
	layer_12: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him

file: 1701-141760-0010.flac
expected: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_2: he want is apensh him pus him do anything but kss him a thing everybody did
	layer_4: he wanted o pins him push him do anything but kissd thim i thing everybody did
	layer_6: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him i thing everybody did
	layer_8: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him i thing everybody did
	layer_10: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a think everybody did
	layer_12: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a think everybody did

file: 1701-141760-0011.flac
expected: but notwithstanding this boris embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_2: but not washstanding ne sporaus inbraced hom in acquite friendly we and kisse him three times
	layer_4: but notwith standing ner sporreas anbraced him and a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_6: but knotwithstanding neres sporras embraced him an a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_8: but notwithstanding nere sborrs embraced him in a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_10: but notwithstanding thers borrs embraced him and a quiet friendly wa and kissed him three times
	layer_12: but notwithstanding thers borras embraced him and a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times

file: 1701-141760-0012.flac
expected: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take their first steps on life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_2: they had not mate for nearlyng half oa year and bing of the ag wein young mantite ai firs staps and lifc' rods eath saw immang changees in the other quiste r nu reflation of the society in whersh the adtakenose fors steps
	layer_4: they had not ment for nearly half a year and being of the age when young mantit a first steps and life's ruade each saw imanged changes in the other quite a new reflaction of the society in whirch the had taken nos first steps
	layer_6: they had not ment for nearly half a year and being at the age when young man tit ar first steps an live's ruds each saw imanged changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they ad taken os first steps
	layer_8: they had not ment for nearly half a year and being at the eage when young men tit eir first steps and life's roads each saw imanged changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_10: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tit teir first steps on life's roads each saw imaged changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_12: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tit heir first steps on life's roads each saw imaged changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps

file: 1701-141760-0013.flac
expected: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_2: a did not expeu tody he ades
	layer_4: i did not expa to y he added
	layer_6: i did not expeae to de he added
	layer_8: i did not expa tede he added
	layer_10: i did not expentyoe tedie he added
	layer_12: i did not expet you tedie he added

file: 1701-141760-0014.flac
expected: you know of course that his imperial highness rode with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_2: you know of cours et his imperial hiness rod with ou redgiment all the time so that we had every comfort an every hadvontage
	layer_4: yo know of course at his imperlial higness rode withour regyment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_6: yu know of course at his impelial highness rude with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort ind every advantage
	layer_8: you know of course at his imperial highness rude with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort in every advantage
	layer_10: you know of course that his imperial highness rude with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort an every advantage
	layer_12: you know of course that his imperial highness rud with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort an every advantage

file: 1701-141760-0015.flac
expected: what receptions we had in poland
	layer_2: what resetions we had impolens
	layer_4: what receptions we had inpalens
	layer_6: what receptions we had in palans
	layer_8: what recetions we had in poulans
	layer_10: what receptions we had in palands
	layer_12: what receptions we had in palands

file: 1701-141760-0016.flac
expected: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_2: what diners an balls i can't tell you
	layer_4: what dinners an balls i can't tell you
	layer_6: what dinners an balls i can't tell you
	layer_8: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_10: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_12: what dinners and balls i can't tell you

file: 1701-141760-0017.flac
expected: oh you guards said rostov i say send for some wine
	layer_2: o you gord said rostoff i sea sevfi eom wine
	layer_4: oh you gard said rostoff i say sevpicesom wine
	layer_6: o you gard said rostof i see sepir some wine
	layer_8: o you guard said rostov i see seva some wine
	layer_10: o you guard said rostov i see sepy some wine
	layer_12: o you guard said rostov i see sebpy some wine

file: 1701-141760-0018.flac
expected: he went to his bed drew a purse from under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_2: he went to his bed drew a parsemon to the clen pillow and sent for wine
	layer_4: he went tho his bed drew a part ame ondor the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_6: he went to his bed drew a pariom under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_8: he went to his bed drew a partsiunm under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_10: he went to his beds drew a parsum under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_12: he went to his beds drew a parsum under the clean pillow and sent for wine

file: 1701-141760-0019.flac
expected: yes and i have some money and a letter to give you he added
	layer_2: yesand i have some money in alescters to givef ou he ates
	layer_4: yes ad i have some money in oleteres to givef you he added
	layer_6: yes and i have some money in o letters to give you he added
	layer_8: yes and i have some money in our letters to give you he added
	layer_10: yes and i have some money in our letters to give you he added
	layer_12: yes and i have some money in our letters to give you he added

file: 1701-141760-0020.flac
expected: oh don't mention it count i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_2: al don't mantion ate count a quat hunde stane said burkg getting up in speaking in a muffledind goteral voice
	layer_4: ill don't mention ate coant a quaite understand said bok getting up and speaking an a muffled and goteral voice
	layer_6: ol don't mention at coant i quaite understand said borkge getting up and speaking in a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_8: o don't mention at coaint i quaint understand said boke getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_10: ohl don't mention at coant i quite understand said borke getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_12: oh don't mention at coant i quite understand said borke getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice

file: 1701-141760-0021.flac
expected: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris
	layer_2: goar tros tou ourhos they invitegyou ided bor as
	layer_4: gor tross o our hose they invited you aded borras
	layer_6: gorcross tyou our hors they invited you added boras
	layer_8: gorcross to our horse they invited you added boris
	layer_10: gorcross to our horse they invited you added boris
	layer_12: gorcross to our horse they invited you added boris

file: 1701-141760-0022.flac
expected: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having assured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_2: barg wit on decleenest of cours withot a spot or speck of dust stipbefore a looking glass and brushe to her on his temples upwords and the way affacted by the amper alexignder and having insuret himself rom the way rost of looke tatts that his courthad be notest left e romer the plasdante smile
	layer_4: berk bit on teclenest of couats without a spot or spak of dust stid before a looking glass and brushd the hear on his temples upwards ind the way affacted by the emperor allexander and having in sured himself rom the way rost of looked tatit that is cout had been notist left te room er the plasat smile
	layer_6: berg bit on the clenest of courts without a spot or spek of dust stild before aur looking glass and brushd te hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rustoff looked artit that is qurt had been noticed left the room of the plasant smile
	layer_8: berg put on the cleeanest of courtsz without a spot or speck of dust stoid before au looking glass and brushed the hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rustov looked at it that his court had been noticed left the room of the plasant smile
	layer_10: berk put on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed to hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his court had been noticed left the room of a pleasant smile
	layer_12: berg put on the cleanest of coarts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed to hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his court had been noticed left the room of a pleasant smile

file: 1701-141760-0023.flac
expected: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_2: o dear was a best di or muttha' rostof as e read thelstor why
	layer_4: oh dear was a beast i a muttared rosto as e read de letter why
	layer_6: oh dear was a beast i am mattered rostofp as he read the letter why
	layer_8: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_10: o dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_12: o dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why

file: 1701-141760-0024.flac
expected: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right let's have some
	layer_2: well have you sant gave afor csom wye al roight lase have so
	layer_4: well have you sant gabril for some whidne all right lase have soe
	layer_6: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right lace have some
	layer_8: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right lice have some
	layer_10: well have you sent gabrial for some wine all right lece have some
	layer_12: well have you sent gabrial for some wine all right lece have some

file: 1701-141760-0025.flac
expected: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagration which the old countess at anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_2: and eletie from his parence was inclosed the letr of recummendation to bagretion where hthe ald crontersat anemicaollofenes advice had obtenthru an a quintence and sent to her son askkheemetike to is deastination and meke use of it
	layer_4: and the leter from his parents was inclused the letter of recummendation to ba gretion where the old crantesad anamicalovness advice had obtind through an acquentence and sent to her son askime to tikit to is destination and meke yuse of it
	layer_6: in the lettter from his parents was enclosed the letter of recommendetion to bagrision which the old contessad anamicalovna's advice had obtined through an acquintance and sent to her son aske hm to take it to its destination and meke use of it
	layer_8: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old contess at anna micolovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_10: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess had anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_12: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess had anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it

file: 1701-141760-0026.flac
expected: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_2: why oif yo thrgw not away askedborus
	layer_4: why if you thrw not away ased borrus
	layer_6: why have you threw nat away asked barus
	layer_8: why have you throw nagt away asked boris
	layer_10: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_12: why have you thrown that away asked boris

file: 1701-141760-0027.flac
expected: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_2: itis some lettor rectuendashon what the devil do i want it for
	layer_4: it i's some letter o reckmindeashon what the devil do i want it for
	layer_6: it is some letter of recqominde shoand what the devil do i want it for
	layer_8: it is some letter of recoinditiand what the devil do i want it for
	layer_10: it is some letter of recomanditiond what the devil do i want it for
	layer_12: it is some letter of recomandithond what the devil do i want it for

file: 1701-141760-0028.flac
expected: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_2: he loked antently uninquireanly ito his friends eyes evidently tryingin ven dofind the ancweti some question
	layer_4: he loked indtently un inquirengly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find te answer to some question
	layer_6: he loked intently uninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question
	layer_8: he loked intently uninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_10: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_12: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question

file: 1701-141760-0029.flac
expected: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed because i knew i was right
	layer_2: which hou be leave it koants i was not as hall a larmed es i knew i wash rights
	layer_4: which you believe it cont i was not atall alarmed ros i knew i was right
	layer_6: would you believe at coant i was not at all alarmed as i knew i was right
	layer_8: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed os i knew i was right
	layer_10: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed for i knew i was right
	layer_12: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed fos i knew i was right

file: 1701-141760-0030.flac
expected: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_2: i canme farwart berkstod up and should how he presented himself with his hand twho his cap and really it would hae ben difficult for a fasc to exprescs greato respect and selvf complacenceyy than hisded
	layer_4: i came forwart berkstood up and shouled how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would hav been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacancy then hisdead
	layer_6: i came forward berk stood up and should how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than hisdid
	layer_8: i came forward burke stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_10: i came forward burke stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_12: i came forward burke stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did

file: 1701-141760-0031.flac
expected: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_2: well he stonedect me as he syngas stoned and stomed and stormed
	layer_4: well he starnmed it me as e saing irs stamed and starmed and staormed
	layer_6: well he stormed at me as the saeying is starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_8: well he stormed at me as the sayingis starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_10: well he starmed at me as the saying is starmed and starmed and starmed
	layer_12: well he starmed at me as the saying is starmed and starmed and starmed

file: 1701-141760-0032.flac
expected: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the saying is
	layer_2: it was not a mate of life but rader of death a the siying as
	layer_4: it was not a macter of life but rather of death as the sing is
	layer_6: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as te seing is
	layer_8: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_10: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_12: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is

file: 1701-141760-0033.flac
expected: albanians and devils and to siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_2: i'l badiins and devals an two si beria said burk with a sugatious smile
	layer_4: albadians and devils and too syberia said burg with a sigacious smile
	layer_6: albadians and devils and two siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_8: albadians and devils and two siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_10: albedians and devils and two siberia said berge with a sagacious smile
	layer_12: albedians and devils and two siberia said berge with a sagacious smile

file: 1701-141760-0034.flac
expected: still i remained silent and what do you think count
	layer_2: still i remein silent at what o you think cout
	layer_4: still i remeined silent a what dre you think cout
	layer_6: still i remaned silent and what dor you think coat
	layer_8: still i remained silent and what do you think coat
	layer_10: still i remained silent and what do you think coat
	layer_12: still i remained silent and what do you think coat

file: 1701-141760-0035.flac
expected: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_2: the naxttay it was not ivin maentiond in he arderse of theday
	layer_4: the nextstey it was not evimentioned in the ordeise of the da
	layer_6: the next dey it was not even mentioned in the ordes of the da
	layer_8: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the da
	layer_10: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the da
	layer_12: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the d

file: 1701-141760-0036.flac
expected: that's the way count said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_2: that's the war cout said bark lighting his pipe and mitting rings af smalk
	layer_4: that's the way cont said burg lighting his pipe and imitting rings af smalk
	layer_6: that's the wa cont said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings a smark
	layer_8: that's the we coent said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smork
	layer_10: that's the we corrent said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smork
	layer_12: that's the we current said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smork

file: 1701-141760-0037.flac
expected: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_2: yars tit was fainds ad rost of smilyng
	layer_4: yes lagt was fanes and rostof smiling
	layer_6: yes that was faines and rostoff smiling
	layer_8: yes that was fainsand rostovf smiling
	layer_10: yes that was fain said rostov smiling
	layer_12: yes that was fain said rostov smiling

file: 1701-141760-0038.flac
expected: rostov was a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate lie
	layer_2: drost op with a chresfull young man and wid u no a cate have told tha delipberate li
	layer_4: rosto with a troeaseful young man and we'd are new a caut have told ther delipurate liee
	layer_6: rosto with a treeceful young man and wid on noa cout have told he deliberate lie
	layer_8: rosto wish a truceful young man and wid on knoah kat have told a deliberate lie
	layer_10: rostov was a truceful young man and wed on noa cat have told a deliberate lie
	layer_12: rostov was a truceful young man and we'd on noa cat have told a deliberate lie

file: 1701-141760-0039.flac
expected: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehood
	layer_2: he began't his storit menng to tellt ever thing jutes at happend tbe imprcetsibly invollunterorily an inevitibly he alapesd tince of falseurte
	layer_4: he began his story meaning to tell ever thing just as at happened but improcetibly involunterily an inevitably he lapesedtant o falsuit
	layer_6: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into fal suit
	layer_8: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into fall suit
	layer_10: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into fallsuit
	layer_12: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsuit

file: 1701-141760-0040.flac
expected: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed toward boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_2: prince an drewho light to help youn man was flohted by bein ask for hes assistence and being wel dhispos to wardse borus who had manighed to plea semde da before he wish to dyo what tyoung mn wantede
	layer_4: prince andrew who lihe to help young man was flatterd by being aske for has assistance and being well disposed towards borus who had managed to please semniday before he wished to doyou what e young man wanted
	layer_6: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flatted by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_8: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borrus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_10: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borrus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_12: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borrus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted

file: 1701-141760-0041.flac
expected: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contempt with which rostov from his fighting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_2: is spate r prince andres disigryabol i ranical ton ispate of the contamt with which rostoff from his faigting army point of vew regarded all hese lettl agudtencs on dhe staf of wharm te new come er was evidently one rosto felt confused belushed and became silent
	layer_4: i spate of prince andrews disagreeabore ironical tune ispate of the contene with which rostoff from his faigting army point of view regarded all these little agutance on de staff of him the new comee was evidently one rostof felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_6: in spate of prince andrews disagreeaboe aronical tun ins spate of the content with which rostoff from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rostoff felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_8: in spite of prince andrews disagreeable aironical tun in spite of the content with which rostoff from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostoff felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_10: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tung in spite of the content with which rostov from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_12: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tung in spite of the content with which rostov from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent

file: 1701-141760-0042.flac
expected: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one might ask about our plans
	layer_2: bor asinquied what nos thar maght be on dherstaff and watcs weieh hou indiscretion one may askkuby tur plans
	layer_4: borus inquired what news there might be on der staff and wath were hout indiscretion one may askebouctour plans
	layer_6: borrus inquired what news there might be ondherstaff and wat without indiscretion one may ask about your plans
	layer_8: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and watcs without indiscretion one mayt ask about your plans
	layer_10: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and watch without indiscretion one mayh ask about your plans
	layer_12: borus inquired what news there might be on the staff and watch without indiscretion one mayh ask about your plans

file: 1701-141760-0043.flac
expected: we shall probably advance replied bolkonski evidently reluctant to say more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_2: we shall promably advundce replied ba croskuy evidently relucted to seeme more inde presence of astranger
	layer_4: we shall promably advance replied balcroskui evidently relucte to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_6: we shall probably advance replied bokroski evidently reluctet to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_8: we shall probably advance replied boulkroski evidently reluctent to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_10: we shall probably advance replied bolkroski evidently reluctant to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_12: we shall probably advance replied bolkroski evidently reluctant to see more in the presence of a stranger

file: 1701-141760-0044.flac
expected: berg took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_2: burktat the opprortunited to ask with great polihteness where ther as wash remers the ellowins oforage moneeg to captains of companie s whud be doubled
	layer_4: berk tat the opportunity to ask with great politeness whe ther as was rumurs the alowince of forage money to captains of companies woe be doubled
	layer_6: berke ot the opportunity to ask with great politeness wherether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companies were be doubled
	layer_8: berke too the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of compani'es were be doubled
	layer_10: berke took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_12: berke took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled

file: 1701-141760-0045.flac
expected: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_2: i was sthear sid rost of angro as if intendi to insault the i decomp
	layer_4: i was tere said rost of angril as if intending to insult they id de camp
	layer_6: i was ster said rostov angrill as if intending to insult they ad de camp
	layer_8: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_10: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_12: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp

file: 1701-141760-0046.flac
expected: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes there are many stories now told about that affair
	layer_2: wit a sligntly contentus smylel he said yesked that i many storyes no told hr wat that afear
	layer_4: ith a slaintly contemptus smile he said yes that i many stories kno tal he bat that afer
	layer_6: with a slaintly contemptuous smile he said yes that i many stories no tald about that affear
	layer_8: with a sligntly contemptuous smile he said yes that our many stories no talld about that affar
	layer_10: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes thut are many stories now tald about that affair
	layer_12: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes thut are many stories now tald about that affair

file: 1701-141760-0047.flac
expected: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_2: but aur storyes of the stories of man who have pin under the enymhis fire
	layer_4: but our stories afe the stories of man who have been under the anemi's fire
	layer_6: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_8: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_10: but our stories are the stories of man who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_12: but our stories are the stories of man who have been under the enemy's fire

file: 1701-141760-0048.flac
expected: our stories have some weight not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_2: i mrstorys havf som weits not likedthe stlories of those fellowrs on the staff who get re was owr thou doing ineythin
	layer_4: i er stories halvf some weigt not like the thories of those fellows on the staff who get rewas werhou doing anything
	layer_6: i r stories half some weaht not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewars without doing anything
	layer_8: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_10: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_12: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything

file: 1701-141760-0049.flac
expected: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_2: however he aded risyn you nwo my name and were to fyin me te doon't forget that i do not regad i thrn myself or you as having beein ittoll in sulted and as a man aldteor than you my hadvace is tell it the matter drop
	layer_4: however he added rizing you know my name and where to fine me but don't forget that i do note regad either myself or you thas having ben atall in salted and as a man all ther than you my hadvic is tol it the matter drop
	layer_6: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insalted and as a man altder than you my advicees tollet the matter drop
	layer_8: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_10: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_12: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop

file: 1701-141760-0050.flac
expected: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bow to them both he went out
	layer_2: excleime prince audrw and wash a botof them borth he wrentot
	layer_4: exclime prince aun drew and with ta boat to them borth he rent out
	layer_6: exclamed prince aundrew and with the boatof them borth he went out
	layer_8: exclamed prince andrew and with a boat tof them borth he went out
	layer_10: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat to them both he went out
	layer_12: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat to them both he went out

file: 1701-141760-0051.flac
expected: and he was still more angry at having omitted to say it
	layer_2: a d he was stilnl more angreit having o mite to sears
	layer_4: and he was stell more angrid having a mittye to seairs
	layer_6: and he was stell more angryt having amitted to seairs
	layer_8: and he was still more angry at having omitted to sars
	layer_10: and he was still more angry at having omitted to syrs
	layer_12: and he was still more angry at having omitted to syrs

file: 1701-141760-0052.flac
expected: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of boris rode home
	layer_2: he arded his horse at os and colledly tek ingleaver bors rod home
	layer_4: he arded his harse at onse and coldly taking leav r boras rode home
	layer_6: he ardered his hearse at once and coldly taking leavf borus roge home
	layer_8: he ardered his horse at once and coldly taking lev ef bares rode home
	layer_10: he arded his horse at once and coldly taking leave of bares rode home
	layer_12: he arded his horse at once and coldly taking leave of barres rode home

file: 1701-141760-0053.flac
expected: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way
	layer_2: shold he gors to had quars es nokxtdy and cholnnge thet affated agiutent a rely let the matter drop wats the qresion that wrie him all the we
	layer_4: should he gos a head quarteras noxsdy and chialige that affated agitent ar really let the matter drop was the question that worie him all the wee
	layer_6: should he goes aheadquarter's nexetdy and chaneged that affated adjutant or really let them atter drop was the question that wrried him all the wee
	layer_8: should he go to headquarters next dy and challenge that affated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the whea
	layer_10: should he go to head quarters next day and challenge that a fated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the wea
	layer_12: should he go to head quarters next day and challenge that a fated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the wea

file: 1701-141759-0000.flac
expected: it was long since the rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_2: it was lonks ins r rosto shaid knes of nekhous
	layer_4: it was longs ins arostos had news of neckhlas
	layer_6: it was long since te rostovs had news of nicolas
	layer_8: it was long since erostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_10: it was long since erostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_12: it was long since erostovs had news of nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0001.flac
expected: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_2: not to mit wenter was the coin tat list handid elahte addressten his sns hand rating
	layer_4: not til midwinter was the cont at last handid a letter addressed an his son'handwrating
	layer_6: not til midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwrating
	layer_8: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_10: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_12: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting

file: 1701-141759-0002.flac
expected: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_2: on receiving its he ranontip to to his study an a larm and haste tring tou oescepe notis clos to door and began to re deletor
	layer_4: on receiving it he ran on tip to to his study an a larm and haste trying to rescape notis close the door and begain to redeletter
	layer_6: on receiving it he ran on tiptou to his study in alarm and haste trying to rescape noticse close the door and began to redeletter
	layer_8: on receiving it he ran on tipto to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to retelatter
	layer_10: on receiving it he ran on tip toe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to red the latter
	layer_12: on receiving it he ran on tip toe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the latter

file: 1701-141759-0003.flac
expected: each time that these hints began to make the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhaylovna the latter very adroitly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_2: eash tine taf these hens began to meee the tontes anxious and she glansed uneasilly at the kont and it ana mecalo no the lato very addroytdly turned o conversiation to ensignifvicen matters
	layer_4: each tine that these hence began to mee the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at ana micollovno the later very addroyetdly turned to conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_6: each tine that these hence began to meet the contesse anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna micalovna the later very adroyedlly turned the conversition to insignificant matters
	layer_8: each time at these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna mikolovna the latter very adroydly turned te conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_10: each time at these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroytly toned to conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_12: each time at these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroytly toned to conversation to insignificant matters

file: 1701-141759-0004.flac
expected: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_2: bu forgod sa be kerefolr you know hod me effectyur mame
	layer_4: but forgod' say be kare fol you know howant me effect your mama
	layer_6: but for god say be careful you know hor at me effect your mamma
	layer_8: but for god's sa be careful you know herw it may affect your mamma
	layer_10: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_12: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma

file: 1701-141759-0005.flac
expected: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_2: no ar my thwo ward of honor said the tashoa crussing herself i wat tell anyone
	layer_4: no an my true ward of honour said the tashacrussing herself i want tell anyone
	layer_6: no on my true word of honour said netasha crossing herself i wont tell anyone
	layer_8: no on my true word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_10: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_12: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone

file: 1701-141759-0006.flac
expected: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_2: ad she ran of at waose toe sawniou
	layer_4: and she ran off at once te soniu
	layer_6: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_8: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_10: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_12: and she ran off at once to sonya

file: 1701-141759-0007.flac
expected: she rushed to sonya hugged her and began to cry
	layer_2: sherushed ho sawn yoa howkd he and began to cry
	layer_4: she rushed he sowniu harked her and began to cry
	layer_6: she rushed his tonye harked her and began to cry
	layer_8: she rushed to sonyo harked her and began to cry
	layer_10: she rushed to sonya harked her and began to cry
	layer_12: she rushed to sonya harked her and began to cry

file: 1701-141759-0008.flac
expected: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolute strides
	layer_2: its tou te all you weomen i cry babetshm art petture peascing the roumith lige resolante strits
	layer_4: it's tru th alel you women ar cry babyshermark petu pissing the roomath large resolete strites
	layer_6: it's tru hat oll you women are cry babis remarked peta peascing the rum ath large resolate strates
	layer_8: it's true tha o you women are crybabies remarked petya piescing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_10: it's true that o you women are crybabies remarked petya piercing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_12: it's true that o you women are crybabies remarked petya piercing the room with large resolate straits

file: 1701-141759-0009.flac
expected: you are all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_2: your al blubers and and destane nothing
	layer_4: youre all blubberrs and understand nothing
	layer_6: your all blubberers and understind nothing
	layer_8: you're all blubbers and understand nothing
	layer_10: you're all blubbers and understand nothing
	layer_12: you're all blubbers and understand nothing

file: 1701-141759-0010.flac
expected: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_2: the tachous smilethrough her tears
	layer_4: the taches smile through her tears
	layer_6: netashes smile through her tears
	layer_8: natashes smiled through her tears
	layer_10: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_12: natasha smiled through her tears

file: 1701-141759-0011.flac
expected: what nasty brutes they are
	layer_2: what nasti brits thee ar
	layer_4: what nacte brits thee are
	layer_6: what nasty brits the are
	layer_8: what nasty brits thee are
	layer_10: what nasty brutes thee are
	layer_12: what nasty brutes thee are

file: 1701-141759-0012.flac
expected: hold your tongue petya what a goose you are
	layer_2: oldyour tungppitto what a goi  you are
	layer_4: hold your tone piter what a goosh you are
	layer_6: hold your tonge peto what a gush you are
	layer_8: hold your tongue peto what a goush you are
	layer_10: hold your tongue peto what a goush you are
	layer_12: hold your tongue peto what a goush you are

file: 1701-141759-0013.flac
expected: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas
	layer_2: son your smileds do i remembered na cluse
	layer_4: sonyu smiled do i remembered me clus
	layer_6: sonya smiled do i remembered me clas
	layer_8: sonya smiled do i remembered nicolas
	layer_10: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas
	layer_12: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0014.flac
expected: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_2: i da memberenicolling to too i remember him wel she said
	layer_4: i rememberniclaing to too i remember him well she said
	layer_6: i remember niklingta too i remember him well she said
	layer_8: i remember nicolenta too i remember him well she said
	layer_10: i remember nicolenta too i remember him well she said
	layer_12: i remember nicolenta too i remember him well she said

file: 1701-141759-0015.flac
expected: no she shut her eyes
	layer_2: no she shout hereyes
	layer_4: no she shut her eyes
	layer_6: no she shut her eyes
	layer_8: no she shut her eyes
	layer_10: no she shut her eyes
	layer_12: no she shut her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0016.flac
expected: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_2: she felt that sonyoar wers speaking o truth that ther wors such lave a sudnar wes speaking off
	layer_4: she felt that sonya was speaking tho truth that the wars such love a soniar were speaking off
	layer_6: she felt that sonia was speaking the truth that there worst such love as sonia was speaking off
	layer_8: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there were such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_10: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there were such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_12: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there were such love as sonya was speaking of

file: 1701-141759-0017.flac
expected: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_2: shul believed at could be but did no understandit
	layer_4: should believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_6: shoul believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_8: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_10: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_12: she believed it could be but did not understand it

file: 1701-141759-0018.flac
expected: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_2: shall you wrat to heim she asked
	layer_4: shall you rite to him she asked
	layer_6: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_8: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_10: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_12: shall you write to him she asked

file: 1701-141759-0019.flac
expected: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_2: new that he was alreadyan officer and a winded hero whuld hit be rito remint him o forself aand as it might seem of the obligations to howr he had taken on himself
	layer_4: new that he was already an officer and i winded heru would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_6: now that he was already an officer and a wunded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_8: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_10: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_12: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself

file: 1701-141759-0020.flac
expected: i don't know
	layer_2: i dont kno
	layer_4: i don't know
	layer_6: i don't know
	layer_8: i don't know
	layer_10: i don't know
	layer_12: i don't know

file: 1701-141759-0021.flac
expected: sonya smiled no
	layer_2: so us smilds no
	layer_4: so yu smiles no
	layer_6: so you smiles no
	layer_8: soyu smiles no
	layer_10: sowyo smiles no
	layer_12: soyo smiles no

file: 1701-141759-0022.flac
expected: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was how petya described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he meant natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_2: ixs pbecuneshe was an loe withoat faht one his specticles that was o piture descraed his neaimsake the knew cot bas ucof and now she's an lov withou singer he med metashus ittallin sen master datswy she's tashamed
	layer_4: i's becaoe she was in love withthaut fat one is spectacles that wash her piture discribe his neme steik the new cont bizucov and know she's an love with thout singher he med mataches italliang sign master that's why she's ashemed
	layer_6: it's because she was in love withthat fat one ins spectacles that was her piture descrabed his nem seak the new coun't bazukov and now she's in love with thout singher he mede natasha's italian singing master that's whyt she 's ashamed
	layer_8: it's because she was in love with that fat one ins spectacles that was her pircture described his nemesak the new count bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he met natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_10: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was her picture described his nemesike the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he met natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_12: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was her picture described his namesike the new count bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he met natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed

file: 1701-141759-0023.flac
expected: petya you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_2: pit yourk your sthupeed said matata
	layer_4: pityr yourstuperd said matatha
	layer_6: pityok your stupad said matasha
	layer_8: pitok you're stupid said natasha
	layer_10: pityok you're stupid said natasha
	layer_12: pityok you're stupid said natasha

file: 1701-141759-0024.flac
expected: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhaylovna's hints at dinner
	layer_2: the congte s haid been prepared by aunem me calov ness heads at denneor
	layer_4: the contes had been prepeared by anemicoloveness heads at denne
	layer_6: the contess had been prepared by animicalovnous heas at dennor
	layer_8: the countess had been prepared by anami calovna's heads at denno
	layer_10: the countess had been prepared by ana mikalovna's heads at dinnar
	layer_12: the countess had been prepared by anna mikalovna's heads at dinnar

file: 1701-141759-0025.flac
expected: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuffbox while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_2: or retirring to her on rom she satid an arm char her eyes sixd on iminut arpportrade hoer suon on the lid of a snoff box while the tears kapt com ing into her eyes
	layer_4: on retiring to her own room she sat ing an arm cheer her eyes frixd on a minuture portrate ofe her son on ne lid of a snuff box while the tears kep coming into her eyes
	layer_6: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_8: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_10: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_12: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0026.flac
expected: the count put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_2: the cats pruthis ear to the keyhle and lessend
	layer_4: the caurrancs prut his ear to the keyhoall and lestened
	layer_6: the caurrante prut his ear to the keyhol and lisened
	layer_8: the carrant put his ear to the key hole and listened
	layer_10: the carrats put his ear to the key hole and listened
	layer_12: the carrats put his ear to the key hole and listened

file: 1701-141759-0027.flac
expected: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anna mikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_2: at first y heard tosind of ai different voices then annamycalloveines voice alon in a long speech then a cry then silencs then both voices together with glad intinations and then foot steps
	layer_4: at firstshe heard a signd of indifferent voicies then i nemicalovena's voice alone an a long speech then a cry then silence then both voic es together with glad intinations and then foot steps
	layer_6: at first he heard ha siugnd of indifferent voices then anemica luvna's voice alon in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then footsteps
	layer_8: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then anemikulovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then frut steps
	layer_10: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then anamikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then froitsteps
	layer_12: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then anamikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then frutsteps

file: 1701-141759-0028.flac
expected: anna mikhaylovna opened the door
	layer_2: an eme ftaloenor open the door
	layer_4: andimi tolovnor open the door
	layer_6: animicalovna opened the door
	layer_8: annimikalovna opened the door
	layer_10: anna mikaylovna opened the door
	layer_12: anna mikhaylovna opened the door

file: 1701-141759-0029.flac
expected: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_2: when she heardte souny r blushed so that cers cim into her eyes and unable to bear the los turned apon her ran away into the dancing hal wher ow d rined et it fhill speed with her dreass poftout li cabeloone and flushed and smily plupedd dine onde floore
	layer_4: when she heard this sonyar blushed so that ters came into her eyes and unable to bear the lookes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall where old drind id at fol speed with her dreass pofed out ly kaballoon and flushed and smiling plupmped done on der floor
	layer_6: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lokes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whereold roundit at full speed with her dreas puffed outlike a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped downe on the floor
	layer_8: when she heard this sonya blush'ed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puff'ed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_10: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_12: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor

file: 1701-141759-0030.flac
expected: the countess was crying
	layer_2: the conters was crayng
	layer_4: the contese was cryng
	layer_6: the contest was crying
	layer_8: the contess was crying
	layer_10: the countess was crying
	layer_12: the countesse was crying

file: 1701-141759-0031.flac
expected: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_2: from o he say s wont should be glad ad not cry
	layer_4: from alw he say his one should be glad and not cry
	layer_6: from al he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_8: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_10: from all he say is one should be glad and not cry
	layer_12: from all he say is one should be glad and not cry

file: 1701-141759-0032.flac
expected: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_2: how charmingly he desgraybe said she reaing the discrieptofe part oit the leter and wat a soul
	layer_4: how charmingly he descrabes said she readding the discriptive part wof the letter and what a soul
	layer_6: how charmingly he descrabe said she readding the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_8: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a saul
	layer_10: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a saul
	layer_12: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a saul

file: 1701-141759-0033.flac
expected: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_2: a alwas sayd when he was only so high i all ways said
	layer_4: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_6: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_8: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_10: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_12: i always said when he was only so high i always said

file: 8173-294714-0000.flac
expected: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_2: i havebeen tald that mister vambrant is impresen for det i said
	layer_4: i have been told that mister vambrand is inpresen for debt i said
	layer_6: i have been told that mister vanmbradt is in presont for debt i said
	layer_8: i have been told that mister vanmbrannt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_10: i have been told that mister vanmbrandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_12: i have been told that mister vanbrandt is in prison for debt i said

file: 8173-294714-0001.flac
expected: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_2: and i so fom myself last night that he had left  yo hoplescs
	layer_4: and i saw from myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_6: and i saw fromr myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_8: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_10: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_12: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless

file: 8173-294714-0002.flac
expected: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_2: came taf me tha little money he had with him when he was arested she rejoin satly
	layer_4: cam afh me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_6: came ef me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_8: came aft me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_10: came aft me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_12: came aft me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly

file: 8173-294714-0003.flac
expected: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_2: his crue crediders are more to blain dad he is for the poverty that his fallen onus
	layer_4: his cruel creditors are more to blanden he is for the poverty that his fallenon us
	layer_6: his cruel creditors are more to blandan he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_8: his cruel creditors are more to blandhon he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_10: his cruel creditors are more to blandan he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_12: his cruel creditors are more to blandan he is for the poverty that has fallen on us

file: 8173-294714-0004.flac
expected: even this negative defense of van brandt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_2: even thiss neggodent teffens of than braped stum wmye to the quick i ought to havespoken wore gardedly of him y said beterly
	layer_4: even this negarat defence of an brappt stung mee to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_6: even this negatant defence of van brappt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_8: even this negatant defence of an brapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_10: even this negatent defence of vanbrapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_12: even this negatant defence of vanbrapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly

file: 8173-294714-0005.flac
expected: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can inflict on her when he is the man whom she loves
	layer_2: i ouhbto have rmembered that i womenkin forgive almost any roungd than a man cann an sift on her when heas ad man whom she loves
	layer_4: i ought to have remembered that a woman kin forgive almost any wrong than a man kan an sift on her when he is and man whom she loves
	layer_6: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can in slift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_8: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can n slift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_10: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can enslift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_12: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can enslift on her when he is a man whom she loves

file: 8173-294714-0006.flac
expected: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_2: she pet her heand on mymouth and stopkmneg tbefore  could say any more
	layer_4: she pet her hand on my mouth and stopp ne before i could say any more
	layer_6: she put her hand on my mouth and stope me before i could say any more
	layer_8: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_10: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_12: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more

file: 8173-294714-0007.flac
expected: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_2: hagking youshegk so crules ime she asked
	layer_4: howking you speak so cruli sto me she asked
	layer_6: howcan you speak so cruly  to me she asked
	layer_8: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_10: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_12: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked

file: 8173-294714-0008.flac
expected: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_2: you know to my shame i confest ito  you the last ele lo met you know that my heart in secreit is all yoors
	layer_4: you know to my shame i confessed ito you the last thelml we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_6: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last tome we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_8: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart ind secret is all yours
	layer_10: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart an secret is all yours
	layer_12: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart an secret is all yours

file: 8173-294714-0009.flac
expected: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_2: what ron a yutapking oug
	layer_4: what wrong are you talcking of
	layer_6: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_8: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_10: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_12: what wrong are you talking of

file: 8173-294714-0010.flac
expected: is it the wrong i suffered when van brandt married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_2: is it the rog a suffered when van brat marrie me with a wife living at the time and living stil
	layer_4: is it the rong i suffered when van branmtmarried me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_6: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married mee with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_8: is it the wrong i suffered when vann brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_10: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_12: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still

file: 8173-294714-0011.flac
expected: do you think i can ever forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_2: do youe think i canovher forget the greatines hortionof my life the missportune that has made me unmore the of you
	layer_4: do you think i canoter forget the greatnus hortion of my life the misfortune that has made me onwmorthy of you
	layer_6: do you think i can never forget the greatmishortion of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_8: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_10: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_12: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you

file: 8173-294714-0012.flac
expected: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who is playing out there with her doll is my child
	layer_2: it is no falt of min god nos but it is not the lest true that i ame not mryd and that the little jarling who was pling out there with her dall as my child
	layer_4: it is no fault of mind god nose but it is not the lesst true that i am not married and that the little garling who was playing out there with her doll os my child
	layer_6: it is no fault of mind god knowse but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who is playing out there with her doll ose my child
	layer_8: it is no fault of mind god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who is playing out there with her doll os my child
	layer_10: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who is playing out there with her doll is my child
	layer_12: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who is playing out there with her dolgl is my child

file: 8173-294714-0013.flac
expected: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_2: and you talk of my being your wae nowing that the chilld ecxcepts me as her secon father i said
	layer_4: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child exceptsme as her second father i said
	layer_6: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child excepts me as her second father i said
	layer_8: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_10: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_12: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said

file: 8173-294714-0014.flac
expected: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as the child pride she repeated
	layer_2: it would be better and hapbyiar for u sboth if you hot as little priede as it child prid she repeate
	layer_4: it would be better and happier for us both if you hot as little pride as e child priede she repeate
	layer_6: it would be better and hapier for us both if you hot as little pride as a child prie she repeated
	layer_8: it would be better and happier for us both if you ht as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_10: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_12: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated

file: 8173-294714-0015.flac
expected: in such a position as mine
	layer_2: in such a position as minde
	layer_4: in such a position as minde
	layer_6: in such a position as mine
	layer_8: in such a position as mine
	layer_10: in such a position as mine
	layer_12: in such a position as mine

file: 8173-294714-0016.flac
expected: a helpless woman with a mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_2: a helpless woman with the mok usben in preisont for debt
	layer_4: a helpless woman with the mock husband am prison for det
	layer_6: a helpless woman with the mok husband an prison for debt
	layer_8: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_10: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_12: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt

file: 8173-294714-0017.flac
expected: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_2: ant ih to marry you for my tfhd an shalter
	layer_4: am mi to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_6: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_8: am i to marry you for my food ind shelter
	layer_10: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_12: am i to marry you for my food and shelter

file: 8173-294714-0018.flac
expected: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_2: and mig to marry you becauses theres kno lowfl tid thut by ands me to the father of my child
	layer_4: and mi to mary you because theres no lawful tie that by ands me to the father of my child
	layer_6: and i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that biancs me to the father of my child
	layer_8: am i to marry you because there'is no lawful tie that bins me to the father of my child
	layer_10: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_12: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child

file: 8173-294714-0019.flac
expected: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_2: but is he is he his not for sakcon me he has been forced away
	layer_4: bat as he is he has not for saken me he has been forced away
	layer_6: tad as he is he his not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_8: bad as he is he has not forsakeng me he has been forced away
	layer_10: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_12: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away

file: 8173-294714-0020.flac
expected: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_2: my onwy friend is it possible that you think me ungraful enough to consen to be our wife
	layer_4: migh only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_6: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_8: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_10: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_12: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife

file: 8173-294714-0021.flac
expected: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_2: the woman admi setuation must be hartlest indeed who cold destroryore plase in the astimation of the world in the regard of o friense
	layer_4: the woman anmy setuation must be heartless indeed who could destroy yor place an the estimation of the world ind the regard of you friends
	layer_6: the woman and my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place and the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_8: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place and the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_10: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place and the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_12: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place and the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends

file: 8173-294714-0022.flac
expected: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_2: thei rechedis creathure that walxsestreeds which ring from triting ou in thot way
	layer_4: the wretchedits creatur that walks he streeds which srink from trating you in that way
	layer_6: the wretchedouses creature that walks he streeds would shring from treating you in that way
	layer_8: the wretchedous creature that walks of streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_10: the wretchedest creature that walks of streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_12: the wretchedest creature that walks of streets would shrink from treating you in that way

file: 8173-294714-0023.flac
expected: oh what are men made of
	layer_2: i' what er men maede of
	layer_4: o what ar men maid of
	layer_6: noh what are men made of
	layer_8: no what are men made of
	layer_10: no what are men made of
	layer_12: no what are men made of

file: 8173-294714-0024.flac
expected: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_2: hom can you ho cang eou speak of in
	layer_4: how can' you how can you speak of it
	layer_6: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_8: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_10: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_12: how can you how can you speak of it

file: 8173-294714-0025.flac
expected: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_2: a yel ded and spoke of it no more
	layer_4: a ye'l did and spoke of it no more
	layer_6: i yield did and spoke of it no more
	layer_8: i yield ded and spoke of it no more
	layer_10: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_12: i yielded and spoke of it no more

file: 8173-294714-0026.flac
expected: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_2: every wors she uttered only incresed my admiration of the noble creature whom i ue had loved and lost
	layer_4: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom iv had loved and lost
	layer_6: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ie had loved and lost
	layer_8: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ie had loved and lost
	layer_10: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_12: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost

file: 8173-294714-0027.flac
expected: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_2: bitterly as i hated the man who a partadus a love her dearly enough to be even kapable of halpping him for her sake hompeless invatuation
	layer_4: bitterly as i hated the man who haparted us ad loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_6: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_8: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_10: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_12: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation

file: 8173-294714-0028.flac
expected: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_2: i don't onihe i dont excuseit hoelesse an faturation you hav orgiven me i said
	layer_4: i don't deni it i don't excuse it hopeless ind fatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_6: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless and fatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_8: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_10: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_12: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said

file: 8173-294714-0029.flac
expected: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_2: let me deserved to be forgiven
	layer_4: let me deserved to be forgiven
	layer_6: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_8: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_10: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_12: let me deserve to be forgiven

file: 8173-294714-0030.flac
expected: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_2: it is somthing to be our on tye friend
	layer_4: it is something to be ar only friend
	layer_6: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_8: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_10: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_12: it is something to be your only friend

file: 8173-294714-0031.flac
expected: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_2: you must have plancs for tha huthure tell me unrereservedly how i canhelp you
	layer_4: you must have planse wor the future tell me unreservedly how i can hep you
	layer_6: you must have plansfor the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_8: you must have plants for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_10: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_12: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you

file: 8173-294714-0032.flac
expected: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_2: con pled te good work that you had tbegune she answere gratfully held me back tho hoalt
	layer_4: compled the good work that you havd the gun she answered gratefully held me back to heaulth
	layer_6: complete the good work that you have the gun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_8: complete the good work that you have the gun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_10: complete the good work that you have the gun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_12: complete the good work that you have the gun she answered gratefully held me back to health

file: 8173-294714-0033.flac
expected: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_2: make me stroginough to submit to adctor's astimet of mychancesof liting for som iyarsyet
	layer_4: make me strong enough to submit to adoctor's estimete of my chances of living for some yars yet
	layer_6: make me strong enough to submit to adoctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_8: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_10: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_12: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet

file: 8173-294714-0034.flac
expected: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_2: a doctr's as timate of youra chances of living i repeated what you mean
	layer_4: a doctor's astimate of your chances of living i repeated what d you mean
	layer_6: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_8: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_10: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_12: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean

file: 8173-294714-0035.flac
expected: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_2: i hardly now ha o tell you she said without' speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_4: i hardly know had to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_6: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of misteur vanbrant
	layer_8: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_10: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrandt
	layer_12: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrandt

file: 8173-294714-0036.flac
expected: does speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_2: tespeaking of him agaan minspeaking of his tet siy ast
	layer_4: the speaking of him again mean speaking of his deabts i asket
	layer_6: thes speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_8: the speaking of him again mean speaking of his debths i asked
	layer_10: toes speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_12: toes speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked

file: 8173-294714-0037.flac
expected: why need you hesitate
	layer_2: wy ea do haditete
	layer_4: why mea to had itate
	layer_6: why me jo had etated
	layer_8: why me yo had a tate
	layer_10: why me you had a tate
	layer_12: why me you had a tate

file: 8173-294714-0038.flac
expected: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties
	layer_2: you know that there'is nothing i will not do to aleave yoor inxxsietins
	layer_4: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your incietys
	layer_6: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your incieties
	layer_8: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxietie
	layer_10: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties
	layer_12: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties

file: 8173-294714-0039.flac
expected: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_2: noter let e tell you the plain tru
	layer_4: never let me tell you the plaine truth
	layer_6: never let me tell you thet plain truth
	layer_8: never let me tell you that plain truth
	layer_10: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_12: never let me tell you the plain truth

file: 8173-294714-0040.flac
expected: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_2: there is a serious messusite for his getting out of prison
	layer_4: there is a serious necesity for his getting out of pritsen
	layer_6: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_8: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_10: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_12: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison

file: 8173-294714-0041.flac
expected: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_2: yes this iss his pusition in two wortds a littl wil sen s he o taind an excelan offer of imploym an a brod from ar rich rella tive af his and heahad man all his arangements to xcuept ic
	layer_4: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of imploymant a broad from a rich relative of his and he had man all his arrangements to acceptit
	layer_6: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employnment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_8: yes this is his position in two words a little while sinse he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_10: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_12: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it

file: 8173-294714-0042.flac
expected: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_2: amhapely he returnedto tell mhe of is good fortun and as saime day he was arested fordet
	layer_4: an happily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and as same day he was arrested for dept
	layer_6: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_8: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_10: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_12: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt

file: 8173-294714-0043.flac
expected: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_2: this nar that had been set for her wits lainlin reveld in those fwarwords
	layer_4: the snerid that had been set for her witsh plainly revealed in those fwarwords
	layer_6: thes narr that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those fwarwords
	layer_8: the snary that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those fwor words
	layer_10: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those for words
	layer_12: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those for words

file: 8173-294714-0044.flac
expected: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_2: in the ei of the law she was of courses a sandgle woman she was av alge she was to all intends and purposes her own mistress
	layer_4: in the eye of the law she was of course a singae woman she was of age she was to all intensand purposes her own mistresst
	layer_6: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intends in purposes her own mistress
	layer_8: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intends and purposes her own mistress
	layer_10: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_12: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress

file: 8173-294714-0045.flac
expected: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give van brandt a direct interest in her death
	layer_2: what was there to hrevrent her from and suring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the an surns as ty give fan brat a tderect interest ian her dath
	layer_4: what was there to revrent her from ensuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insuranc asty give fambrant a derect interest in her death
	layer_6: what was there to revrent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insuranc as to give ambrant a direct interest in her death
	layer_8: what was there to revrent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vambrant a direct interest in her death
	layer_10: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of insurance as to give van brant a direct interest in her death
	layer_12: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of insurance as to give van brant a direct interest in her death

file: 8173-294714-0046.flac
expected: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_2: thinks to the happy accider of myphosition the one certain way a protecting her la easinly with tha mayreach
	layer_4: things to the happy accident of myposition the one certain way a protecting her lay easinly with thin my reach
	layer_6: things to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily withthem my reach
	layer_8: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_10: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_12: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach

file: 8173-294714-0047.flac
expected: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_2: i could offerd to len the stonderal the money that he wanted an an hoursh notice and he was aman to excepmy prposeal quit ois asili as i could make it
	layer_4: i could offered to lend thi scoundrl the money that he wanted an an hours notice and he was amaun to except my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_6: i could offere to lend thi scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hours notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_8: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hours notice and he was ha man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_10: i could offer to lend the scoundrel o money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_12: i could offer to lend the scoundrel o money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it

file: 8173-294714-0048.flac
expected: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_2: you are quit misdiken i replied
	layer_4: you are quite misticken i replied
	layer_6: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_8: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_10: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_12: you are quite mistaken i replied

file: 8173-294714-0049.flac
expected: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_2: iamonly doubting whetheyorplim fher releving nister van brant of his enbariasments is quites uf simpilasiy suppose
	layer_4: i am only doubting whether your plam fer relieving nisture van brant of his embarrassments is quite se simpolosy suppose
	layer_6: i am only doubting whether your plan of foer relieving mistur van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simpl os yu suppose
	layer_8: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_10: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_12: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose

file: 8173-294714-0050.flac
expected: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_2: oih yuaware of te delay s that ur likely to take place before ible ye possible to bar moneyong a policy ofanshurnce
	layer_4: ar you aware of the delay that our likely to take place before i wil ye possible to borow money ong a policy of ensurance
	layer_6: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borow money on yourpolicy of insurance
	layer_8: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_10: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_12: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance

file: 8173-294714-0051.flac
expected: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_2: i know nothing about it she said sidely
	layer_4: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_6: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_8: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_10: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_12: i know nothing about it she said sadly

file: 8173-294714-0052.flac
expected: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_2: wiel you let me askt advice of my heoyars
	layer_4: will you let me asked advice of my laoyers
	layer_6: will you let me asked advice of my lawyers
	layer_8: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_10: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_12: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers

file: 8173-294714-0053.flac
expected: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_2: they are trust wherelthe anexpearien'sd men and i am sure the can be of hus t you
	layer_4: they are trust where ty anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of hused to you
	layer_6: they are trustworty anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_8: they are trustworthy andexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_10: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_12: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you

file: 8173-294714-0054.flac
expected: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_2: cautiously as i had xpesed myself her delicas seetiok the alarm
	layer_4: cautiously as i had expessed myself her delicasy took the alarm
	layer_6: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_8: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_10: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_12: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm

file: 8173-294714-0055.flac
expected: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_2: promised that you won't asked me to barow money of ou for mistcer vam branch she rejoined and o wil excupt you help gratefully
	layer_4: promised that you won't asked me to borrow money of ouw for misther vambranch she rejoined and i will except your help gratefully
	layer_6: promised that you won't ask me to borrow money of hyoug for mister vanbrance she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_8: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brance she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_10: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandct she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_12: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandth she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully

file: 8173-294714-0056.flac
expected: i could honestly promise that
	layer_2: i could honously promis thath
	layer_4: i could honestly promis tat
	layer_6: i could honestly promised that
	layer_8: i could honestly promise that
	layer_10: i could honestly promise that
	layer_12: i could honestly promise that

file: 8173-294714-0057.flac
expected: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue
	layer_2: my one chance of saving her ley keeping from her knouwledge te course a i had now determined tipersu
	layer_4: my one chance of saving her lay and keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had nou determined to pursue
	layer_6: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue
	layer_8: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue
	layer_10: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue
	layer_12: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue

file: 8173-294714-0058.flac
expected: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_2: i rose to go wile my resolutian stil sustaime to me
	layer_4: i wrose to go while my resolution still susdaind me
	layer_6: i arose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_8: i arose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_10: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_12: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me

file: 8173-294714-0059.flac
expected: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_2: kis ne she oasprd wbefore youf go
	layer_4: kissed ne she whis spered before you go
	layer_6: kissed ney she whispered before you go
	layer_8: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_10: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_12: kiss me she whispered before you go

file: 8173-294714-0060.flac
expected: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_2: it is only er goodnes e over powers me
	layer_4: it is only ar goodness that overpowers me
	layer_6: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_8: it is only your goodness that overpoweres me
	layer_10: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_12: it is only your goodness that overpowers me

file: 6267-53049-0000.flac
expected: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_2: its a sat thing for abyty to lack brains wen yoe wantce to be ateachure is antit
	layer_4: its a set thing for a body to lak brains when syu wants to be a teacher isn'tid
	layer_6: its a sat thing for a body to lack brains wen she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_8: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_10: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_12: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it

file: 6267-53049-0001.flac
expected: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the older sister wistfully
	layer_2: bhen i lop be haus donedh so hard al weinter andt she has ndt gonme anywore so the allther castem wistd fulrtly
	layer_4: bend i lope hastait so hard alrlwinter ad she has n't gone anywere jo thee oder caster wastfully
	layer_6: pend alopi has studid so hard all winter an she hasn't gone anywhere jolg the oder sister wistfully
	layer_8: penalope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere dogg the older sister wistfully
	layer_10: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere jog the elder sister wistfully
	layer_12: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere jogg the older sister wistfully

file: 6267-53049-0002.flac
expected: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_2: doris dreamed of preatet resses oal thet night and tot abot tam all the next day
	layer_4: dorisdreamed of prechit resses all that night and hot about them all the next day
	layer_6: doris dreamed of precy resses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_8: dories dreamed of prettytresses all that night and oughd about them all the next day
	layer_10: dorries dreamed of pretidresses all that night and toughed about them all the next day
	layer_12: dorries dreamed of preti dresses all that night and thoughd about them all the next day

file: 6267-53049-0003.flac
expected: so it must be confessed did penelope though she would not have admitted it for the world
	layer_2: so it mot beconfas thid penoo be to she would not havrd mitedt eit far the ond
	layer_4: so it must be confast did paniloy tho she would not have at mighted eit far the want
	layer_6: so it must be confassed did penelopy though she would not have amightid it for the want
	layer_8: so it must be confessed did penelopi thouh she would not have admitid it for the want
	layer_10: so it must be confessed did penelopy though she would not have admited it for the want
	layer_12: so it must be confessed did penelopy though she would not have admited it for the want

file: 6267-53049-0004.flac
expected: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_2: she knewda enaobe had startid out to sae a newdress
	layer_4: she newta thenilopy had started out to say a new dress
	layer_6: she knew that penelopi had started out to say a new dress
	layer_8: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_10: she knew that penellope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_12: she knew that penellope had started out to say a new dress

file: 6267-53049-0005.flac
expected: doris hunter i believe it's an old quilt
	layer_2: toris hanter i beliive it's an olt quit
	layer_4: doris huntere i belive its an ould quiled
	layer_6: doris hunter i believe its an olt quiled
	layer_8: doris hunter i believe it's an old quiled
	layer_10: dorics hunter i believe it's an od quilt
	layer_12: doris hunter i believe it's an od quilt

file: 6267-53049-0006.flac
expected: listen penelope my dear doris
	layer_2: li senmetfanilof the mydeear doris
	layer_4: ristentpanilovte my dear dolies
	layer_6: risten panelovpe my dear dois
	layer_8: listen fanilovevi my dear dorlies
	layer_10: listen fanilovi my dear dorris
	layer_12: listen fanilovi my dear dorris

file: 6267-53049-0007.flac
expected: love to penelope and yourself
	layer_2: lovf to penhno and your sene
	layer_4: lov to penin ob and your scent
	layer_6: love to penonllob and yourself
	layer_8: love to penalov and yourself
	layer_10: love to pennilo and yourself
	layer_12: love to pennilob and yourself

file: 6267-53049-0008.flac
expected: your affectionate aunt adella hunter
	layer_2: your affectionat ound a therahant
	layer_4: your afvectionate ount a dher a hante
	layer_6: your affectiomate ount adelahaunter
	layer_8: your affectionate ount ade la hante
	layer_10: your affectionate ount ade la hunte
	layer_12: your affectionate ount ade la hunte

file: 6267-53049-0009.flac
expected: i don't see its beauty said penelope with a grimace
	layer_2: i don't se its beauty sand than a n opy weith a gr
	layer_4: i don't see its beauty sat then an lope wet a gra
	layer_6: i don't see it's beauty sad then a lopy wit a gree
	layer_8: i don't see its beauty said then alope with a grey
	layer_10: i don't see its beauty said penenope with a gray
	layer_12: i don't see its beauty said penenope with a gray

file: 6267-53049-0010.flac
expected: it may have been pretty once but it is all faded now
	layer_2: it a may have been prety ant lut it is all sitid now
	layer_4: it may hade been prety ant but it is all sided now
	layer_6: it may have been pretty wants but it is al sided now
	layer_8: it may have been pretty once but it is all si ded now
	layer_10: it may have been pretty once but it is all sidid now
	layer_12: it may have been pretty once but it is all sidid now

file: 6267-53049-0011.flac
expected: tell me dorrie does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_2: ter me dory tdoes it ar wo alack of proporyspectfolr my unsustorse that thi can't fel very andtusias i aver these hear lomn especionly en grund mother hunter dit ears before i was barn
	layer_4: termi dory does it argo alack of properespect for my unsestors that i can't fel very andtusias it over this hair loome especially en grand mother hunter died ears before i wasborn
	layer_6: termy dory does it argu a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very entusiastit over this har loom especially when grandmodher hunter died ears before i was born
	layer_8: tell me dory does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this hirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_10: tell me dorri does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this hirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_12: tell me dorri does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this hirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born

file: 6267-53049-0012.flac
expected: it was very kind of aunt adella to send it said doris dutifully
	layer_2: it was very kind of and at theirearttosendi said toris dootyi folty
	layer_4: it was very kind of antd ar there arht to cendet sait toris duti fory
	layer_6: it was very kind of and at their aet to send it said torries duty fuly
	layer_8: it was very kind of aunt at dead to send it said tories duty fully
	layer_10: it was very kind of aunt a de lae to send it said torris duty fully
	layer_12: it was very kind of aunt a dey lae to send it said torris duty fully

file: 6267-53049-0013.flac
expected: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelope
	layer_2: why ther on sie is ever so much pretur thander ight isclained ban anopy
	layer_4: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier than e right esclaimed peninlopy
	layer_6: why the wrongside is ever so much preter than the right exclaimed penylopy
	layer_8: why the wrong side is ever so much preter than the right exclaimed penalope
	layer_10: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penillopy
	layer_12: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penellopy

file: 6267-53049-0014.flac
expected: what lovely old timey stuff and not a bit faded
	layer_2: what lovely olds dimy stufs at not a beap sidet
	layer_4: what lovely alds dimy stuff at not a bet sadded
	layer_6: what lovely alds dimy stuff at not a beet sadded
	layer_8: what lovely ol dimy stuff at not a beat saded
	layer_10: what lovely old deimy stuffs at knot a beat sadded
	layer_12: what lovely old sdeimy stuffs at knot a beat sadded

file: 6267-53049-0015.flac
expected: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_2: i decrare it is as gold as mu
	layer_4: i declare it is as god as mu
	layer_6: i declare it is as good as meu
	layer_8: i declare it is as good as mu
	layer_10: i declare it is as good as mu
	layer_12: i declare it is as good as mue

file: 6267-53049-0016.flac
expected: well let us go and have tea said penelope i'm decidedly hungry
	layer_2: wele let os go and hae tee said fana lotby i hesi dedly hungry
	layer_4: well let as go and have ceeh said peni loy i eciddidly hungry
	layer_6: well let us go and have cheat said penelopy i ecidedly hungry
	layer_8: well let us go and have cheat said pennellope i decidedly hungry
	layer_10: well let us go and have ceap said pennellopi i decidedly hungry
	layer_12: well let us go and have ceap said pennellopi i decidedly hungry

file: 6267-53049-0017.flac
expected: besides i see the poverty pucker coming
	layer_2: besite i see the ovrti bockre comin
	layer_4: besides i see the boverty boccar comint
	layer_6: besides i see the boverty backer coming
	layer_8: besides i see the boverty bucker comming
	layer_10: besides i see the boverty buckhelr coming
	layer_12: besides i see the boverty bucker coming

file: 6267-53049-0018.flac
expected: it is something to possess an heirloom after all
	layer_2: if is someting to poses and hearr lonm after ol
	layer_4: it is something to pases and harlome after all
	layer_6: it is something to pouses and harilome after all
	layer_8: it is something to pauses and herelom after all
	layer_10: it is something to pauses and herylom after all
	layer_12: it is something to pauses and herylom after all

file: 6267-53049-0019.flac
expected: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart could wish when doris flashed out upon her triumphantly on the evening of the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation of dainty rose besprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_2: pen a lo be wasor prise as much as the tander sistirly heart cood reshine when doris flish out upon her too  fin ly and the ivening on the party wet the blreck s cur nicely prass and re hon and the prekcest was inmaginor away s that was a positivecreation af then tyrasbas prinkcoed sik we ta gurdel andt nots of plack vev
	layer_4: pen alo be wasorprise as much as the tander sistirly herdt cod itiona wheen doris flashed out upon her ton fantly and the eveningd on the party with the pack skirre nicely prass and re hung and the prectest wast imagino a was that was a positive creation of thanturos bass prinkled silk with a girdele and nots of black vever
	layer_6: penelopy was surprise as much as the tender cistorly heard oold wisionde when doris flashed out upon herl t n faunly and the evening on the party with the black skirr nicely prass and re hung and the pretest wast imaginobe awast that was a positive creation on of dain tyros bass prinkled silk with a girdle and nots of black welve
	layer_8: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly herd goold wishde when dorries flashed out upon her tronvhantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettest waste imaginable a wast that was a positive creation on of dein ty rosun bastsprinkled silk with ar girdle and knots of black velvert
	layer_10: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heard goold wiche when doris flashed out upon her triompantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waste imaginable a waist that was a positive creation onof dainty roso bes sprinkled silk with a girdle and knods of black velvet
	layer_12: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heard good wishde when dorris flashed out up on her triumphantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waste imaginable a waist that was a positive creation onoff dainty rosmon bets sprinkled silk with a girdle and knods of black velvet

file: 6267-53049-0020.flac
expected: so penelope went to blanche's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_2: so then i lothy went to blran sparty and hertrass as tatdmuration off avery gir ther
	layer_4: so then aloty went to blanc sparty and her drass was the atmiuration of every gird the
	layer_6: so pen aloti went to blank sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl thee
	layer_8: so beneloki went to blankh sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_10: so beneloti went to blanchs party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_12: so beneloti went to blanchs party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there

file: 6267-53049-0021.flac
expected: penelope thought her altogether charming
	layer_2: fhen y lo bes olds heral to gelor sarming
	layer_4: when he lo besold her all together sarming
	layer_6: when elop esold her altogether sarming
	layer_8: when e lo ysold her altogether sarming
	layer_10: when elaw pbesold her altogether sarming
	layer_12: when elaw pesold her altogether sarming

file: 6267-53049-0022.flac
expected: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself
	layer_2: she klnowses if she had juststhapd out of the fram of some lovely olt peture she say to her son
	layer_4: she luses if she had juststhap out of the frame of some lovely alpitur she sayd to her son
	layer_6: she losas if she had just steped out of the frame of some lovely ald pecure she saiy to herselnf
	layer_8: she looses as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old peichere she said to herself
	layer_10: she looksas if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself
	layer_12: she lookses if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picure she said to herself

file: 6267-53049-0023.flac
expected: my aunt adella gave me gave us the material she stammered
	layer_2: my ount a thia gate me geve as ther matr i she stamlrd
	layer_4: my ount adela gave me give as there material she stamori
	layer_6: my ount adela gave me give us ther material she stammery
	layer_8: my aunt adela gave me gave us ther material she stammer
	layer_10: my aunt adella gave me gave us the material she stamered
	layer_12: my aunt adella gave me gave us ther material she stamerd

file: 6267-53049-0024.flac
expected: i am named after her missus fairweather suddenly put her arm about penelope and drew the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_2: i and named after her misus fair whater sudenly pout her arm abot beni lobpy and due the yung girld to her har lovely old face and glo with delighdt and denderness
	layer_4: and naved after her missus fairwatter sudenly put her arm about bannilopy and rud the young girld to her her lovely old face at glow with delighed and tenderness
	layer_6: nnamed after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopy andruwd the young girld to her her lovely old face a glow with delight and tenderness
	layer_8: ndnamed after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelope and uwed the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_10: and named after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi anreued the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_12: and named after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi aneued the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness

file: 6267-53049-0025.flac
expected: then you are my grandniece she said
	layer_2: theet you are my grun nese she said
	layer_4: then you are my gran nes she said
	layer_6: then you are my gran nees she said
	layer_8: then you are my grand niece she said
	layer_10: then you are my grand niece she said
	layer_12: then you are my grand niece she said

file: 6267-53049-0026.flac
expected: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud silk if i came across it in thibet
	layer_2: when i so youor thress i fundt sure you were or  lited to her i should ricod nie that er ols boad se if i came a crowss t inte betk
	layer_4: when i saw your tress i felt sure you were arelited to her i should ricognie that eros bad sere if i came across eit intiback
	layer_6: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were relited to her i should recognize that rose bud selre if i came across it in tibet
	layer_8: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sire if i came across it in tibeth
	layer_10: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognise that rose bud zyre if i came across it in tibeth
	layer_12: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognise that rose bud zyre if i came across it in tibeth

file: 6267-53049-0027.flac
expected: penelope was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_2: ta a opy whas fora years alldher then i was but we wered dhefaltidt too ech odher
	layer_4: ban alope was for years aldere than i was but we were devated to each oter
	layer_6: penelopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_8: penellopie was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_10: penelopie was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_12: penelopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other

file: 6267-53049-0028.flac
expected: soon after this our mother died and our household was broken up
	layer_2: so nogste de s hord mother died and hour hans alled was broken a
	layer_4: son after deshor mother died and ourhais alld was broken ap
	layer_6: son after deshour mother died and our hus alld was broken up
	layer_8: son after theisour mother died and our house hald was broken up
	layer_10: soon after thisour mother died and our house hold was broken up
	layer_12: soon after thishour mother died and our house hald was broken up

file: 6267-53049-0029.flac
expected: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_2: whyt tyeue i amosary longly ald woman we h no bidy belodin to me
	layer_4: why dear i am otery longly ald woman wih no bydy beloneingto me
	layer_6: my dear i am ane very longly allde woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_8: my dear i am a very longely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_10: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_12: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me

file: 6267-53049-0030.flac
expected: now she patted missus fairweather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_2: now she paden missus fire weathers soft old hand affectionattely
	layer_4: now she patten missus fareweathers soft ald hand affactonatly
	layer_6: now she pattened missus fareweathers soft old hand affectionately
	layer_8: now she pattened missus farweather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_10: now she pattened missus fairewedher's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_12: now she pattened missus fairweder's soft old hand affectionately

file: 6267-53049-0031.flac
expected: doris and penelope found their lives and plans changed in the twinkling of an eye
	layer_2: dorisandt penn opy follt there leaves and plrans changed in the trwintcling of an eiye
	layer_4: doris and penan opy faut dheir leaves and plants changed in the twint cling of un ey
	layer_6: doris and panelopi found their leaves and plans changed in the twint cling of aneye
	layer_8: dories and panalope found their leaves and plants changed in the twinkt cling of an eye
	layer_10: dorris and panalopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twintcling of an eye
	layer_12: dorris and panalopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twint cling of an eye

file: 6267-53049-0032.flac
expected: when missus fairweather had gone doris and penelope looked at each other
	layer_2: whene missus fir waterl had gone dorisand pan alo be looked at eh odder
	layer_4: when missus firweter had gone dorisand pan e lobe looked at ech adder
	layer_6: when missus farwederl had gone dories and peneloppy looked at each other
	layer_8: when missus fairwael had gone dorries and penelobi looked at each other
	layer_10: when missus farewaddel had gone dorries and penelopie looked at each other
	layer_12: when missus farewaddel had gone dorries and penelopie looked at each other

file: 6267-65525-0000.flac
expected: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from below
	layer_2: at she sleedinto herd bleu print after non driss her aund calgl to har fram below
	layer_4: at she sleaped into her blu print afterknoown drass her ount call to her fram bilaw
	layer_6: as she sleped into her blue brine afternoon dress her ount called to her from billaw
	layer_8: as she sliped into her blue pringed afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billow
	layer_10: as she slipped into her blue prinked afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billow
	layer_12: as she slipped into her blue prinked afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billow

file: 6267-65525-0001.flac
expected: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clinging to the other
	layer_2: a'll jan rastanding at the ford of the stairs wich a lamping one hand and the eure alld ba be clanging to the other
	layer_4: all jenerastanding at the fot of the stairs witc a lampin one hand and the year oll baby clanging to the other
	layer_6: all janruas standing at the fourt of the stairs wick a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_8: alld jane was standing at the fort of the stairs wick a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_10: auld gene was standing at the fort of the stairs wichk a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_12: auld gene was standing at the fort of the stairs wic a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clanging to the other

file: 6267-65525-0002.flac
expected: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_2: she was o bek shae ples omane we taerornd goood nitured face gerfor and voaer asit he sun flower was omt jaine at all dimes and occasens
	layer_4: she was a bick shapeless woman wih t aoun good natured face cheerfor and volgeur as a sun flower was ont jane at all times and occasionts
	layer_6: she was a bigk shapless woman with around good natured face cheerfor and volgear as ha sun flower was owned jane at all times and occasions
	layer_8: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfur and vulguar as the sun flower was aowned jane at all times and occasions
	layer_10: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfur and vulgar as the sunflower was awunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_12: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfur and vulgar as the sunflower was aund jane at all times and occasions

file: 6267-65525-0003.flac
expected: i want to run over and see how missus brixby is this evening siddy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_2: i wun tran over andsey ho missus bgs be isthais eiving scidy and you must take car olof the baby tyl i get thack
	layer_4: iwanteran over andsee how missus biggsd be is this evening scidy and you must ake care of the baby tel i get back
	layer_6: i want run over and se how missus biggs be is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_8: i want o run over and see how missus biggstby is this evening sidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_10: i want to run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening sidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_12: i want to run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening sidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back

file: 6267-65525-0004.flac
expected: sidney sighed and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_2: seed they sihe and wen donster tford the baby
	layer_4: sin tey sight and wen dancster forthe baby
	layer_6: sin ay sight and went downcter for the baby
	layer_8: since a sighe and went downcstair for the baby
	layer_10: sin a sigt and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_12: sin a sight and went downstairs for the baby

file: 6267-65525-0005.flac
expected: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_2: all her days were alike as faras hard wark and doness went but yeetcepted them gur fulrey and ancoplaining te
	layer_4: all her thays were alike as faras hard work and dalness went but she haccepted them ceerfuley and ancomplainingdly
	layer_6: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_8: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_10: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_12: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly

file: 6267-65525-0006.flac
expected: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_2: but s hi theed recand having to lok afster the beby woern hyu wanted torie her latter
	layer_4: but se did recan having to lok after the baby weren shewanted to righte her letter
	layer_6: but she did resen having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_8: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_10: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_12: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter

file: 6267-65525-0007.flac
expected: the room was small a mere box above the kitchen which sidney shared with two small cousins
	layer_2: therous mon a mar boks above the keching which seedin they shardy toards mare cousencs
	layer_4: the romast mon a marbox above the cicghin which seedin thei shargwea twods mar cousints
	layer_6: the rum mus mone a mare box above the kitghen which senin the shargwith toods more cousins
	layer_8: the rum asmont a mare box above the kitchen which seeing they shertd with twowards more cousins
	layer_10: the rue mausmaunt a mare box above the kitchen which see in le shartd with twoarsmore cousins
	layer_12: the rue mausmaunt a mare box above the kitchen which see in ly sharg with twowrsmore cousins

file: 6267-65525-0008.flac
expected: her bed and the cot where the little girls slept filled up almost all the available space
	layer_2: hor bat andd the caughdt were the litof girs laped eel d hot armost all the a teilabore spae
	layer_4: her bad and the caught were the liattleoe girdslapped filld out armost all the a vailable spakces
	layer_6: her bad and the cout were the little girs lapped filled up arlmost all the available spakes
	layer_8: her bad and the cot were the little girl lappd filled up almost all the available space
	layer_10: her bed and the cot where the little girl's slapt filled up almost all the available space
	layer_12: her bed and the cot where the little girls slappet filled up almost all the available space

file: 6267-65525-0009.flac
expected: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth zigzagged from ear to ear
	layer_2: jis the that burctecuor angar one ei apart to be as large as an rengh whil the ather was the scise of a pe and the mount zexoacged from ear toer
	layer_4: just he that particlor anger one i appear to be as large as an orenge while the other was the sise of appe and the mot exagetd from er to ear
	layer_6: just at that particular angerl one i appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of oppea and the moth se xactd from ear to ear
	layer_8: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the moust z xagt from ear to ear
	layer_10: just at that particular angle one eye appeard to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pe and the mouth zixagt from ear to ear
	layer_12: just at that particular angle one eye appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pe and the mouth zixagt from ear to ear

file: 6267-65525-0010.flac
expected: sidney hated that mirror as virulently as she could hate anything
	layer_2: seen thy heated thot murus vir laly a secouldagde anyting
	layer_4: sen tey hated that miras viro lagly as secould hage anithing
	layer_6: sinthey hated that mirror's viru laely as she could hakde anything
	layer_8: syne hated that mirrors verylugely as she could hate anything
	layer_10: syn te hated that mirrors very luguely as he could hate anything
	layer_12: syne hated that mirrors very lugely as he could hate anything

file: 6267-65525-0011.flac
expected: her mother had died the day after and sidney thereupon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_2: her mother had did to tay after and seedny there upon had come intoe the hands of good ownt jain weich those boks for herd dolry sise notthing ancs was let after thee expincies of the doberd finoro had bhenfea
	layer_4: ther mother had died to dey after and sidiny ther upon had come into the hands of good ount jain which dhose boks for hard dolry since nothing als was lat after the expances of the doubele fineral had thenfai
	layer_6: her mother had died to day after and signay ther upon had come into the hands of good ountd jane which those boks for herd dory since nothing ells was left after the expenses of the doubele puneral had thenfa
	layer_8: her mother had died to day after and signey there upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for her doury since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double funeral had been faite
	layer_10: her mother had died to day after and signey thereup on had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for her daury since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double funeral had been faite
	layer_12: her mother had died to day after and signey thereup on had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for her gdaury since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double funeral had been faite

file: 6267-65525-0012.flac
expected: presently she began to write with a flush of real excitement on her face
	layer_2: presently shul began to white weth the flarshal freerlexcitement ton her face
	layer_4: presently shoe began to wite with ta flashal freel excitement on her face
	layer_6: presently she began to write with a flasha frel excitement on her face
	layer_8: presently she began to write with a flush of fril excitement on her face
	layer_10: presently she began to write with a flush of fril excitement on her face
	layer_12: presently she began to rite with a flush of fril excitement on her face

file: 6267-65525-0013.flac
expected: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editor of the maple leaf
	layer_2: allonly one anser caime to alen dauglness and that ws forrardted to herbid the long sulfering a ditore af the maol lif
	layer_4: anly one answer came to eln dugless and that was for wardted to her byde the long suffering a detar off the mappe lief
	layer_6: only one answer came to alen dagnass and that was forwarded to herby the long suffering a ditor of the mapel lif
	layer_8: only one answer came to alen daugnas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a detoir of the mappel lif
	layer_10: only one answer came to alen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditoirs of the mappel leiaf
	layer_12: only one answer came to alen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditoir of the mappel leaf

file: 6267-65525-0014.flac
expected: he wrote that although his age debarred him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for correspondents
	layer_2: heroud dit alldo his egtee bard h am from mambpershipin the clo he was torenty and the lamit was egten he rad the leters of the dhepartment wich marchin trss and af fome had toult of ansering some of the rle quest for qores on thet
	layer_4: he rod that aldog his eti bard him from mambership in the clab he was twenty and he limit was eighteen he rad the letters of the dhepartment with marching teras and ofform had tholgt of ansering some of the request for cress on dats
	layer_6: he rot that althoh his agety bird him from membership in the clab he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he rad the letters of the department with murching trest and ofterm had thought of answering some of the requests for crest on tets
	layer_8: he wrote that althoug his age di bird him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with murchingterest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for crest on death
	layer_10: he wrote that although his age deberd him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the request for crest on debts
	layer_12: he wrote that although his age deberd him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the request for crest on debts

file: 6267-65525-0015.flac
expected: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_2: she nemver had doneso bud alenddobles sis let ther was soing thresting that he had descided to right to her
	layer_4: she never had don so but elanduglasas letter was sow intresting that he had decided to wriht to her
	layer_6: he never had done so but elendoglasus letter was so intresting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_8: he never had done so but ellen duglas''s letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_10: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_12: she never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her

file: 6267-65525-0016.flac
expected: would she be kind enough to correspond with him
	layer_2: woul she beking i nough to cores pom rih hm
	layer_4: would she beking enough to correspon with him
	layer_6: would she beking enough to correspond with him
	layer_8: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_10: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_12: would she be king enough to correspond with him

file: 6267-65525-0017.flac
expected: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_2: to as to years oud from the east and had not yet forgoden to be hom seik attints
	layer_4: he was two years out from thei east and had not yed forgotten to bev home sik atines
	layer_6: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to bev homesick at tins
	layer_8: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be home sick at times
	layer_10: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_12: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times

file: 6267-65525-0018.flac
expected: sidney liked the letter and answered it
	layer_2: seevney like the letter and asworad e
	layer_4: seivnay like the letter and astered eit
	layer_6: sevna like the letter and assured eat
	layer_8: syvney like the letter and asered eat
	layer_10: syvne like the letter and ushred eat
	layer_12: syvne like the letter and ashred eat

file: 6267-65525-0019.flac
expected: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_2: she never expecthed to met jonlincoe norded she weashd to doso
	layer_4: she never expected to meet johnlincoln nordegd she wish to dosaw
	layer_6: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do sa
	layer_8: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_10: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_12: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so

file: 6267-65525-0020.flac
expected: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure
	layer_2: in the coreson thanc it soulf shi fond herplation
	layer_4: in the chorespon dancitself she farnd herplasion
	layer_6: in the correspondance itself she foned her placion
	layer_8: in the correspondence itself she found her placion
	layer_10: in the correspondence itself she found her plasiam
	layer_12: in the correspondence itself she found her platiam

file: 6267-65525-0021.flac
expected: john lincoln wrote breezy accounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug humdrum plainfield life that sidney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf when she opened a letter from the bar n as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_2: jounlin cun rod gresia colns of frange life and thedtantueres on the farwestome plains so eilin end  mored from s nig ham dram rainfl life that seeng ny al ays had thet senzation off crossing a godd were and she apend alather from the bar and as forsinise own leter this is the way it read as she roltic
	layer_4: johnlinon roed brezia couns of frange life and a dvantures on the far westome pblains so alian and rmod fromsknige ham dram brainfeled life that signe always had the senzation of crossing a gafwere an she opened alatter from the bar and as forsignese own latter this is the way it read as she raultic
	layer_6: johnl inconrod brizial counts of frange life and advantures on the far westeme plans so alian and emod from s nug hame dram brainfelled life that sign n a always head the senzation of crossing a golf wherean shel opened a latter from the bar and as for signas own letter this is the way it read as she roted
	layer_8: john lincon roet breazier counts of range life and adventureus on the far western plains so alien and remode from snug ham drum brainfield life that siney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf wern shel opened a letter from the bar end as for sygna's own latter this is the way it read as she wroted
	layer_10: john lincon wroughte brezzierccounts of range life and adventurous on the far western plains so alien and remode from snug ham druhm rain field life that sine always had the sensation of crossing a gulf whean she opened a letter from the bar and as for signee's own ladder this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_12: john lincon wrought brezzierccounts of range life and adventurous on the far western plains so alien and remoute from snug ham drahm rain field life that siney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf when she opened a letter from the bar and as for signee's own ladter this is the way it read as she wrote it

file: 6267-65525-0022.flac
expected: the evergreens plainfield dear mister lincoln
	layer_2: the aver greans praintyl dear misterlincol
	layer_4: the aver greens braintfil der misterlincon
	layer_6: the ever greens braintill dear mister lincol
	layer_8: the avergreens braintille dear mister lincol
	layer_10: the avergreens brainfille dear mister lincol
	layer_12: the avergreens brainfille dear mister lincol

file: 6267-65525-0023.flac
expected: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laughter and conversation
	layer_2: i love life and its plom and brelliency i love meting you peple i love the reple off measy the amof lovhter and conversation
	layer_4: i love life and its bloom and briliency a love meeting ynou people i love the reple off musy the ham of lovhter and conversation
	layer_6: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the reple of musy the ham of lovter and conversation
	layer_8: i love life and its bloome and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of musi the ham of lagvter and conversation
	layer_10: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laugter and conversation
	layer_12: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laughter and conversation

file: 6267-65525-0024.flac
expected: the man i had been talking with was paul moore the great novelist
	layer_2: the man i hade ben taking wi was bolr more the great nolt de
	layer_4: the man i had been talking witd was ol mor the grat knowldie
	layer_6: the man i had been talking wit was al more the great knodie
	layer_8: the men er had been talking with was all more the great noledece
	layer_10: the manner had been talking with was all more the great knowedege
	layer_12: the manner had been talking with was all more the great knowledge

file: 6267-65525-0025.flac
expected: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the insight he himself has given me
	layer_2: as i gwas i had conta icted him twas and he had loghetandt lihetit but his bos wil alwaiys hav r nu meaning to me hand s fort tru the insided he himselve has given me
	layer_4: as it was i had contradicted him towice and he had loghed and liked it but his bokswill always have a neuw meaning to me hands fort truther inside he himself has given me
	layer_6: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loughed and liked it but his boks will always have a new meaning to me handsford true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_8: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his boks will always have a new meaning to me hencefortd true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_10: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me hencefortd true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_12: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforwardh true the inside he himself has given me

file: 6267-65525-0026.flac
expected: it is such meetings as these that give life its sparkle for me
	layer_2: it is sealch mathings at the thes that geive life itsparconfor me
	layer_4: it is sughmetings at dhese that give life itsparkal for me
	layer_6: it is such meettings at these that give life it sparkl for me
	layer_8: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_10: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_12: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me

file: 6267-65525-0027.flac
expected: you will be weary of my rhapsodies over her
	layer_2: you lave be wery of mygh ropsethese olver har
	layer_4: you eare be wery of my rapsothese overher
	layer_6: youli be wery of my rabsodes overher
	layer_8: youli be weary of my rhabsodes overher
	layer_10: yoia be weary of my rhapsodes overher
	layer_12: yuial be weary of my rhapsodies overher

file: 6267-65525-0028.flac
expected: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mood
	layer_2: she has seim pathy and anderstanding for my avery mo
	layer_4: she has seimpaty and understanding for my avery mo
	layer_6: she has sympaty and understanding for my every mod
	layer_8: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mod
	layer_10: she has sympathy and understanding for my every moode
	layer_12: she has sympathy and understanding for my every moode

file: 6267-65525-0029.flac
expected: yours sincerely sidney richmond
	layer_2: youars sinservaly seen nate reacthma
	layer_4: yars sinscarly senne rigma
	layer_6: yurs sinsirly sinma richman
	layer_8: yours sincerly sinay richmont
	layer_10: yours cincerly sinney richmond
	layer_12: yours cincerly sinney richmond

file: 6267-65525-0030.flac
expected: aunt jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_2: ot jankcame hom presently and caried away her as leeping baby seedntey sat her prayrs whent to tat and slat sonly and sairanilly she mailed er lattter the mext day and the mant later and unsercing
	layer_4: od jan came home presently and carred away her sleeping baby seedney sed her prayers went to bad and slept sondly and sirranily she mailed herlatter the next day and the montlater and unser kan
	layer_6: out jan came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sinntey sat her prayers went to bed and slep soundly and serenilly she mailed her latter the next day and the monthlater and answer came
	layer_8: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sitey sat her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenily she mailed her later the next day and the month later and answer came
	layer_10: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby syne said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenilly she mailed her latter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_12: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sygne said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenilly she mailed her latter the next day and a month later an answer came

file: 6267-65525-0031.flac
expected: sidney did not sleep that night but tossed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_2: seid maye e not sleep that night but tost raslessly obo to crd in her pell
	layer_4: sid maye e not sleep that night but thost rastolessly about or cried in her pel
	layer_6: sidmay did not slep that night but thost restlessly about o cried in her pel
	layer_8: sydmey did not sleep that night but dozed restlessly about or cried in her peill
	layer_10: sydney did not sleep that night but dozed restlessly about or cried in her pill
	layer_12: sydney did not sleep that night but dozed restlessly about or cried in her pillo

file: 6267-65525-0032.flac
expected: the good woman shook her head
	layer_2: the good womorn shook her ta
	layer_4: the good woman shok her ak
	layer_6: the good woman shook her ha
	layer_8: the good woman shook her hag
	layer_10: the good woman shook her hang
	layer_12: the good woman shook her hang

file: 6267-65525-0033.flac
expected: sidney trod the way of the transgressor and found that its thorns pierced to bone and marrow
	layer_2: sidin they trad the way of the trans grassor and tond at its tons birst to bone and mar
	layer_4: sid ey trod the way of the trans grassor and tound ot its tans burst to bone and marrow
	layer_6: sid a trot the way of the trans grassor and found out its thons burst to bone and marrow
	layer_8: seda trot the way of the transgrassor and found out its tans burst to ban and marrow
	layer_10: sinee trod the way of the transgressor and found out its tawns burst to bawn and marrow
	layer_12: sine trod the way of the transgressor and found out its tawns burst to bawn and marrow

file: 6267-65525-0034.flac
expected: you see that road out thar
	layer_2: it see that therod alt thar
	layer_4: if see that the road al it dar
	layer_6: yof see that the road allit dar
	layer_8: you see that the road all its dar
	layer_10: yo see that the road all is dark
	layer_12: you see that the road all is dark

file: 6267-65525-0035.flac
expected: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distant sea visible
	layer_2: and there was kno harber or glinps of thistansa tesibert
	layer_4: and there was no harbour or glimps of tistuncy visible
	layer_6: and there was no harbour or glimps of distancy visible
	layer_8: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_10: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_12: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible

file: 6267-65525-0036.flac
expected: had the hotel keeper made a mistake
	layer_2: had the haultor keeper mi the mistake
	layer_4: had the halter keper my temistake
	layer_6: had the halter keeper myder mistake
	layer_8: had the halter keeper mither mistake
	layer_10: had the halter keeper mither mistake
	layer_12: had the halter keeper mither mistake

file: 6267-65525-0037.flac
expected: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreens but myself
	layer_2: this is his place no bodycarsed the evergreen but my self
	layer_4: this is his place nobody carsit the evergreen but myself
	layer_6: this is his place nobody cars it the evergreen but myself
	layer_8: this is his place nobody calrs it the evergreen but myself
	layer_10: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself
	layer_12: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself

file: 6267-65525-0038.flac
expected: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_2: i don't on the stand he said bar lrecsidly
	layer_4: i don't on derstand he said bar plrex sedly
	layer_6: i don't understand he said barplexedly
	layer_8: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_10: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_12: i don't understand he said perplexedly

file: 6267-65525-0039.flac
expected: oh sidney threw out her hands in a burst of passionate protest
	layer_2: oh sidintetwo out har hands in the barst aolf bationabrotist
	layer_4: o sin nte two out her hands in te borst off batienate proaltest
	layer_6: o sin a two out her hands in a barst off patienad protest
	layer_8: od sile two out her hands in a burst off patienate protest
	layer_10: o sidlee two out her hands in a burst of patienarte protest
	layer_12: o sidle two out her hands in a burst of patieonarte protest

file: 6267-65525-0040.flac
expected: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_2: no and you never wel on the stend ican't myke yu on de sten
	layer_4: no and you never weill undhe stend icant my e you on tdhe stand
	layer_6: no and you never will understand i can't makec you undhestand
	layer_8: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_10: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_12: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand

file: 6267-65525-0041.flac
expected: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_2: everyting i tol yo obaltet and my life was just imuncgination
	layer_4: everything i tol yo abouted and my life was just imungination
	layer_6: everything i told you about id and my life was just imangination
	layer_8: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_10: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_12: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination

file: 6267-65525-0042.flac
expected: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_2: then whytdid you right dthemp he asked plantly
	layer_4: then why did you rit them he asked plankly
	layer_6: then why did you write tem he asked blankly
	layer_8: then why did you wrigte demp he asked blankly
	layer_10: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_12: then why did you write them he asked blankly

file: 6267-65525-0043.flac
expected: why did you deceive me
	layer_2: why din ydod tdheseie me
	layer_4: why di yo tdheceiv me
	layer_6: why did you deceive me
	layer_8: why did you deceive me
	layer_10: why di you deceive me
	layer_12: why did you deceive me

file: 6267-65525-0044.flac
expected: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_2: oh i didten't manto the sele you i nevertout of such of ting
	layer_4: oh i didn't mean to deceiv you i never thought of such o thing
	layer_6: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_8: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_10: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_12: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing

file: 6267-65525-0045.flac
expected: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_2: i just godent  rit yu abot my lie heare not because itowas har but i al so oaglyte and enpty
	layer_4: i just goodent twride you about my life her not because it owas hard but it also aglye and anty
	layer_6: i just gooldn't rite you about my life here not because it was hard but it walso ugly and enpti
	layer_8: i just couldn't rihte you about my life here not because it was hard but it walso ugly and empty
	layer_10: i just couldn't right you about my life here not because it was hard but it wa so ugly and empty
	layer_12: i just couldn't right you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty

file: 6267-65525-0046.flac
expected: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_2: and wen wance i had begone i hak to kip it up
	layer_4: and when ance i had begon i had to kep it up
	layer_6: and when oncs i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_8: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_10: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_12: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up

file: 6267-65525-0047.flac
expected: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_2: i foundt eitso fus im aking to
	layer_4: i found igt so fusimaking too
	layer_6: i found it so fasimating to
	layer_8: i found it so fasimating to
	layer_10: i found it so fascinating to
	layer_12: i found it so fascinating to

file: 6267-65525-0048.flac
expected: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_2: thos leters mayde that aotheir life seem real to me i never yxpected to met you
	layer_4: those letters mad that other life seeme real to me i never expected to met you
	layer_6: those letters ma that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_8: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_10: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_12: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you

file: 6267-65525-0049.flac
expected: these last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_2: these lased for days seinceshu leter cam havd been tretfool to me
	layer_4: thes lastd four days since yu latter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_6: this last four days since you latter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_8: this last four days since you latter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_10: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_12: this last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me

file: 6267-65525-0050.flac
expected: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_2: oh ples go way and sorcairve me if you can
	layer_4: oh plese go away and forcave me if you can
	layer_6: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_8: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_10: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_12: oh please go away and forgive me if you can

file: 6267-65525-0051.flac
expected: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_2: it owas wars tan she had even tod it would te
	layer_4: it was wars thand she had eventohd it would be
	layer_6: it was wars than she had even thought it would be
	layer_8: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_10: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_12: it was worse than she had even thought it would be

file: 6267-65525-0052.flac
expected: he was so handsome so manly so earnest eyed
	layer_2: teo was sou hadsem so merly so earest i
	layer_4: heo was so hadsome somelly so earnest eied
	layer_6: she was so hadsome so mely so earnest eye
	layer_8: she was so handsome so melly so earnest eyed
	layer_10: she was so handsome so melly so earnest eyed
	layer_12: she was so handsome so melly so earnest eyed

file: 6267-65525-0053.flac
expected: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_2: jonlinclon open the gate and wentd opto heir
	layer_4: johnlincon oppend the gate and went up too her
	layer_6: johne lincoln op end the gate and went up to her
	layer_8: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_10: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to here
	layer_12: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to here

file: 6267-65525-0054.flac
expected: please don't distress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_2: pleas don't thistrys your seln so sednye he said an conciosly eusing her chreastin ne
	layer_4: please don't tdhistryse your self so siny he said unconcioosly using her creastan nay
	layer_6: please don't destrise yourself so synay he said unconciously using her christian na
	layer_8: please don't distryse yourself so signey he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_10: please don't distress yourself so sidne he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_12: please don't distress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name

file: 6267-65525-0055.flac
expected: i think i do understand
	layer_2: i think i do on dhe sten
	layer_4: i think i do on the stand
	layer_6: i think i do on the stand
	layer_8: i think i do undhe stand
	layer_10: i think i do understand
	layer_12: i think i do understand

file: 6267-65525-0056.flac
expected: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_2: iand not surch a dal sello as you take me for
	layer_4: i'm not such a doll selow as you take me for
	layer_6: i'm not such a dull sellow as you take me for
	layer_8: i am not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_10: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_12: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for

file: 6267-65525-0057.flac
expected: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_2: after ar thoselators weret ar radher there was trut ing them
	layer_4: after alr those letters were tru or rather there was trutin them
	layer_6: after all those letters were truge or rather there was trulthin them
	layer_8: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_10: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_12: after all those letters were true or rather there was truith in them

file: 6267-65525-0058.flac
expected: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_2: the soug man wales certaainly goood at understanding
	layer_4: the soung man wi certainly good at understanding
	layer_6: this young man wals certainly good at understanding
	layer_8: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_10: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_12: this young man was certainly good at understanding

file: 6267-65525-0059.flac
expected: you you'll forgive me then she stammered
	layer_2: you your forgive me than she stemoat
	layer_4: you you'lle forgive me then she stemod
	layer_6: you you'll forgive me then she stemuld
	layer_8: you you'll forgive me then she stamlled
	layer_10: you you'll forgive me then she stameled
	layer_12: you you'll forgive me then she stamelled

file: 7697-245715-0000.flac
expected: but in the state of innocence there would have been no weakness of old age
	layer_2: but invhe stam oe the niosence they woul hav bee lord nissipul age
	layer_4: but inverstame of thinicens they wil have been lowd nescipal age
	layer_6: but in vestae of pidnicens they would have been loed necifol age
	layer_8: but in thestate of iozens they would have been loed necipol aged
	layer_10: but in testate of indozens they would have been lod nisivol age
	layer_12: but in thestate of indozens they would have been lord nissivol age

file: 7697-245715-0001.flac
expected: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the state of innocence children would have been begotten by generation
	layer_2: on the contrary everythin generade ed isprsting perfepct but bingthe citicpenissencs chirding wi hap beiin tbhe goton bygeneration
	layer_4: on the countrary everything generaded inspursting perfect but eng the citifonocence chiurgin will habiin the gardtemn by generation
	layer_6: on the contrary everything generated ins firsting perfect but in the citifinicence childring will ha be the gardemn by generation
	layer_8: on the contrary everything generated ins firsting perfect but in the citicheniscence children will havebeen the garden by generation
	layer_10: on the contrary everything generated its firsting perfect but in the cinicinescence children will have been the gardem by generation
	layer_12: on the contrary everything generated its firsting perfect but in the cinicinescence children will have been the gardem by generation

file: 7697-245715-0002.flac
expected: therefore from the first they would have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_2: theirehore from the first they wiul havppeen in prfect inbodtin escizeand poer
	layer_4: therhore from the first they wild happen in perfect imbod in decizean power
	layer_6: therefore from the first they would happen in perfect in boudan e cize and power
	layer_8: therefore from the first they would happen inperfect inbodandlycize and power
	layer_10: therefore from the first they would happen imperfect imbodernly size and power
	layer_12: therefore from the first they would happen imperfect imbodernly size and power

file: 7697-245715-0003.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary nature's process in generation would have been in harmony with the manner in which it was established by god
	layer_2: theoaefor in testad of pinicence they was kno need for women to be born on the contrary etous percast in generation wout happin incominy with meater in which it walsestabpish by got
	layer_4: the afore in the stateof inocence they was no need for womeng to be born on the contrary detres percass in generation woth happeng incommony with manner in which it was es tablished by god
	layer_6: thefore in the stat of innocence there was no need for wiming to be borne on the contrary ditre's porcass in generation woud happen incommony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for wimming to be borne on the contrary dicures porcests in generation wa happing in comony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for wimming to be borne on the contrary dechueus porcess in generation was happing in comedy with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for wiming to be borne on the contrary dechre's porcess in generation was happing in comedy with manner in which it was established by god

file: 7697-245712-0000.flac
expected: four whether in that state man would have been master over men
	layer_2: for whither indas state men wild have be mestr rmean
	layer_4: for whither indastate men would have be mester  r men
	layer_6: for whether in that state men would have ben master a remen
	layer_8: for whether in that state men would have been master o roman
	layer_10: for whither in that state man would have been master roman
	layer_12: for whither in that state man would have been master roman

file: 7697-245712-0001.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_2: theefor in the statifpunisencs ban had no massership of the animos
	layer_4: therefore in the steadofponizense man had no massership of the animaos
	layer_6: therefore in the stad ofhinnizence men had no masstership of the animas
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals

file: 7697-245712-0002.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence before man had disobeyed nothing disobeyed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_2: theirefore in the statpunocense before manahad tspade nogh in osbadem that wls naturaly subjeact to haime
	layer_4: therefore in the sat of inocence before manahad it spade nothin disbade that was naturally subjact to ham
	layer_6: therefore in the stat of inocence before mane had espad nothing disbat em that was naturally subject to him
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence before manyr had a spade nothing disbad im that was naturally subject to him
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence before mann had a spade nothing desbayedhim that was naturally subject to him
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence before mann had a spade nothing disbayed im that was naturally subject to him

file: 7697-245712-0003.flac
expected: secondly this is proved by the order of divine providence which always governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_2: sigin la dhisus prue by the dr of di vind trovedeece which hil escovers an ferythingsby theisurpperio
	layer_4: segonlae this ispprove by the oder or divine proviredence which hilas coverns in peryu things by the superior
	layer_6: segond ly tis aspproved by the order of divine providedence which hihles coverncs inpero things by thisuperior
	layer_8: second ly disapproved by the order of divine providedence which harles goverancs inferior things by the superior
	layer_10: secondly disipproved by the order of divine providence which hares governcs inferior things by the superior
	layer_12: secondly disapproved by the order of divine providence which haress governs inferior things by the superior

file: 7697-245712-0004.flac
expected: thirdly this is proved from a property of man and of other animals
	layer_2: chertainly dhis is provoed frum aprovertiyv man and  other anmals
	layer_4: thertainly this is proved forom a probera f man and fother animals
	layer_6: thertainly this is proved forom a proberavf man and fother animals
	layer_8: certainly this his proved from a proberave man and father animals
	layer_10: certainly this is proved from a probarave man and bother animals
	layer_12: certainly this is proved from a probarave man and bother animals

file: 7697-245712-0005.flac
expected: now whatever is participated is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_2: now what averis part his padi is subjated whatis essential and inaverso
	layer_4: now whataveris parthis pativ is tobjated what is thescential and enoverso
	layer_6: now whataveris partis pated is objected what is thessential and iniversal
	layer_8: now whateverice partice paydet is subjected what is essential and universal
	layer_10: now whateverise part is painted is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_12: now whateverise part is painted is subject to what is essential and universal

file: 7697-245712-0006.flac
expected: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_2: theirefort as bjaction of other animals to man ais prooe to be n atural
	layer_4: thereforei asjection of other animals to man as proke to be natural
	layer_6: therefore asubjection of other animals to man asprooke to be natural
	layer_8: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proove o be natural
	layer_10: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proove to be natural
	layer_12: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proove to be natural

file: 7697-245712-0007.flac
expected: they would not however on this account have been excepted from the mastership of man as neither at present are they for that reason excepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_2: they would now hiver on this cond have been accaepted from the master ship of men as neither at pressenenor theyfor that reason excepte from the massership rf paut was providens has walr dain athis
	layer_4: they would no hiverd on this con have been accepted from the master ship of men as neither at pressen or they for that reason axcepted from the mastership of plad was providense has ordain a this
	layer_6: they would no heiever on thise cun have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present or they for thai reason accepted from the mastership of plad whas providenc has rordan al this
	layer_8: they would now however on this kun have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of plad whos providence has ordain all this
	layer_10: they would now however on this kind have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of plate whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_12: they would now however on this kind have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of plate whose providence has ordained all this

file: 7697-245712-0008.flac
expected: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to man that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_2: this isicun foindt by facth hat got let ate lhey enimost to men that he mut gve then names expressive of their respectifd natures
	layer_4: this i sigonfined bye fact that got led i they animost to men that he muht gave the names expressive of their respect of natures
	layer_6: this issigonfied by the fact that god let at the animost to men that he might give the name's expressive of their respectivf natures
	layer_8: this is signified by the fact that god let at the enimost to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_10: this is signified by the fact that god led at the enimolst to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_12: this is signified by the fact that god led at the enimost to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures

file: 7697-245712-0009.flac
expected: so all animals would have obeyed man of their own accord as in the present state some domestic animals obey him
	layer_2: so anmes woud have a bat man a ter ow cord as in the pressens day some to mesticg inmos abehimg
	layer_4: so ol anmos wold have a bet man of their on court as in the presents day some to mestic anmos abayhimg
	layer_6: so all animos would have a bid men of their on court as in the presents days some domastic animos obeing
	layer_8: so all animes would have a bid man of their own court as in the presente day some domestic animas obeying
	layer_10: so all animils would have a bit man of their own court as in the present days some domestic animals obeyhinmg
	layer_12: so all animaels would have a bit man of their own court as in the present day some domestic animals obeyhimg

file: 7697-245712-0010.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_2: objacktiln one itwlasl seeme that en nhe savnissence man woul not havlfe had masership ol er al other creatures
	layer_4: objacktion one itwill seem that in the savnicense man wold not half had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_6: objection one it will seem that in the safen isence man would not have had masteship over all other creatures
	layer_8: objection one it will seem that in the sae enessence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_10: objection one it will seem that in the same innescence man would not have hed mastership over all other creatures
	layer_12: objection one it will seem that in the same innoscence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures

file: 7697-245712-0011.flac
expected: much less therefore would it have obeyed man in the state of innocence
	layer_2: much las vey for would e have a bat men inthe sat of inniscene
	layer_4: much last veefor would he have a bat men in the stat of incence
	layer_6: much last faefor would he have a bat men in the state of innocence
	layer_8: much last vavufour would he have abit men in the state of innocence
	layer_10: much less favefour would he have a bit men in the state of innocence
	layer_12: much less fave four would he have a bit men in the state of innocence

file: 7697-245712-0012.flac
expected: therefore since it is by his reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems that in the state of innocence man had no dominion over plants
	layer_2: theiaefor sings it isd by ths reason that manus comfetent to hap mastershipe it seems vetin mthe stieeancence man hunold mean in over plens
	layer_4: the arefore seince it is by this reason that mannes competen to have mastership it seems feting thi statvinance man had nod menan overplens
	layer_6: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fering the stalfinsance man had nod bmeen in overplans
	layer_8: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetring the stat e iemosence man had no ben in overplans
	layer_10: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the state le hemosence man had notbeen and overplans
	layer_12: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the statele emosance man had not been and overplans

file: 7697-245712-0013.flac
expected: now in man reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_2: know he mem reason the hast position of master and not ita subject
	layer_4: now emenreason the has to position of master and nowt of a subject
	layer_6: now he men reason the has do position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_8: now e men reason tha has te position of a master and nod of a subject
	layer_10: now e men reason that has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_12: now e men reason that has the position of a master and not of a subject

file: 7697-245712-0014.flac
expected: i answer that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual union have been sterile
	layer_2: iy n ser tat we must nese odmit that in tha primutof stat ther would have been some inecadity at least as regords sex becaus generation tepencsupon dogersity oe sex and likeuice as regar' ag for some oud have been born of others norwoud sexur unn have been sterral
	layer_4: ienseredthat we must neas omit that in the primutive state theye would have been some inequadity at least as regards sex because generation thepenceupon doversitaof sex and likewice as regards age for some would have been borne of others nor would saxura uning have been steral
	layer_6: i inserved that we must nes admit that in eprimitive state the would have been some inequadity at least as regard sex because generation depends pon diversitaoe sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been borne of others nor would sexre uning have been sterile
	layer_8: i inswerd that we must needs admit that in the primitive state the would have been some inequaldity at least as regards sex because generation depends pon diversit oef sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexr uning have been steril
	layer_10: i ansere that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation dependsupon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexra uning have been sterile
	layer_12: i answere that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexra uning have been sterile

file: 7697-245712-0015.flac
expected: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_2: there migt also have beeng bud it ly gdis parity
	layer_4: there might also have been buditly lis barity
	layer_6: there might also have been buddidly disparity
	layer_8: there might also have been buddily disparity
	layer_10: there might also have been buddily disparady
	layer_12: there might also have been buddely disparady

file: 7697-245712-0016.flac
expected: inequality might also arise on the part of nature as above described without any defect of nature
	layer_2: ina colret  myd alse ere rise on thef pars of nature as bove destribped without ana defasl nature
	layer_4: in accorita myt als r ris on the parts of nature as bove describped without any difactfl nature
	layer_6: in a cority miht alsoris on the parts of nature as bove described without any defactful nature
	layer_8: anaccority might alsoo rise on the parts of nature as bove described without any defectful nature
	layer_10: an accority might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defactful nature
	layer_12: an accority might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defactful nature

file: 7697-245712-0017.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have been master over man
	layer_2: bjacktion one hei will semd that a mhisteadof himissens man ould not hap pe mestervermen
	layer_4: objuction one he ill seemd that a mistae of comisins man ould not hapd by masterover men
	layer_6: objection one he will seem that a mhi state of commsens man would not have be master over men
	layer_8: objection one hiwill seem that an the state of conicines man would not have bee master over men
	layer_10: objection one it will seem that in the state of hommiscence man would not hapbee master over men
	layer_12: objection one it will seem that in the state of homniscence man would not hapbee master over men

file: 7697-245712-0018.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_2: therefore in the stade of the misens mawould no have peen subjtef man
	layer_4: therefore in the state of e misence man would now have been subjacta man
	layer_6: therefore in the state of imissense man would no have been subject a man
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence man would now have been subject to man
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence man would now have been subject to man
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence man would now have been subject to man

file: 7697-245712-0019.flac
expected: in another sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he who has the office of governing and directing free men can be called a master
	layer_2: inother since massership is referid an a general sens to any cunt of subjept and in this senceven ha hased the office of covernyng and diracting free man ta bhe caugh omaster
	layer_4: inother sense massership is referd ana generae sens to any con of subject and in this sens even he hased the office of governing and diructing free men cad be caut a master
	layer_6: in other sense mastership is referred an ageneral sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he hast the office of governing and directing free men ca be cagh a master
	layer_8: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caugt a master
	layer_10: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sens to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caght a master
	layer_12: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sens to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master

file: 7697-245712-0020.flac
expected: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state of innocence between man and man for two reasons
	layer_2: such con of maste should would have existed in tde stad ifnisces betwin a nd man for two reasons
	layer_4: such a kon of master should would have existed in de stead fonices between me and men for two reasons
	layer_6: such a kin of mastership would have existed in the steadofanusses between mad and men for two reasons
	layer_8: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the stead finucas between man and men for two reasons
	layer_10: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the stead fonicens between man and men for two reasons
	layer_12: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the stad fonicens between man and men for two reasons

file: 7697-105817-0000.flac
expected: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord who are now his judge
	layer_2: mor than this ye have being herd to railon you my lord for a now izse jug
	layer_4: more than this he have beeng her to ralon you my lord for ar now hise judge
	layer_6: more than this he have been heard to rail on you my lord wor im now his judge
	layer_8: more than this he hath been heard to rail ong you my lord her am now his judge
	layer_10: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord where i m now his judge
	layer_12: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord where iam now his judge

file: 7697-105817-0001.flac
expected: judge thy just doom would be to die on the spot still let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_2: cut th i joust doom would be to dorion the spot stop let us hear whattou hasto say
	layer_4: jirt dhid just doom would be to dy on the spot stop let is here what thou has to say
	layer_6: jhurch t just doom would be to dy on the spot stoop let us here what thou hast to say
	layer_8: curch dhy jest doom would be to de on the spot stop let us hear what thou hast o say
	layer_10: curch thi ges doom would be to dye on the spot stoop let us hear what thou hast ta say
	layer_12: curch dhiges doom would be to diie on the spot stoop let us hear what thou hast ta say

file: 7697-105817-0002.flac
expected: then the judge to sum up the case spoke thus you see this man who has made such a stir in our town
	layer_2: then the juge to some op the kangs spek this you seiv is man who hased made stuch a stiry now ra town
	layer_4: then the judge to some of the kangs spoke this you seive is man who hast made such a stirryg nowred town
	layer_6: then the judge to some of the kings spoke this you seev his man who hase made such a stirryng norrd town
	layer_8: then the judge to some of the kings spoke this you see this man who has made such a stirrying nard town
	layer_10: then the judge to some of the kings spoke this you see this man who has made such a stirrying narektown
	layer_12: then the judge to some of the kings spoke this you see this man who has made such a stirrying naradtown

file: 7697-105817-0003.flac
expected: thus while one lost his life for the truth a new man rose from his death to tread the same way with christian
	layer_2: thes wil wene notis lihke bartotth and new man ros from his death the trevbe seeme wy wias cuistion
	layer_4: thus why wene nost his likfoar te touth a new man roals from his death the traea seem way was quishtion
	layer_6: thus why ene last his likboar the truth a new man rose from his death the traber seamed way was quistion
	layer_8: thus why won lost his like for the truth a new man rose from his death the treber seemed way was quistion
	layer_10: thus why one lost his lak for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabbers seem way was questioned
	layer_12: thus why one lost his lak for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabers seem way was questioned

file: 7697-105817-0004.flac
expected: come good hopeful said christian let us walk on the grass
	layer_2: com goheldfl si crsh om let es warlk ron the grass
	layer_4: come goohelp full said crishan letters walk on the grass
	layer_6: come gorhelfull said crisham letters walk on the grass
	layer_8: come good helpful said gresham letturs walk on the grass
	layer_10: come good helpful said gresham let us walk on the grass
	layer_12: come good helpful said gresham let us walk on the grass

file: 7697-105817-0005.flac
expected: so they set off through the field
	layer_2: so theset of trourge the feemes
	layer_4: so they set o through the fiems
	layer_6: so they sat off through the fems
	layer_8: so they set off through the fumes
	layer_10: so they set off through the fumes
	layer_12: so they set off through the fumes

file: 7697-105817-0006.flac
expected: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_2: bful i had my fiars from the first and sio gave yo ar hen priston gi friend i wre dthat i have brught yu out of the righte path
	layer_4: hopfur i had my fearsd from the first and so gave you a hat phristan go friend i brade that i havh brought youout of the righe path
	layer_6: hopful i hade my fears from the first and sil gave you a heat christian goord friend i grieved that i hath brought you out of the right path
	layer_8: helpful i have my fears from the first and so gave you a heat christian good friend i greve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_10: helpful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_12: helpful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path

file: 7697-105817-0007.flac
expected: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_2: uful sayn o more no doubt it is for ouigood
	layer_4: hoful sayn o more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_6: hopful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_8: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_10: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_12: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good

file: 7697-105817-0008.flac
expected: christian we must not stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_2: proshan we  must no sten thus leteustridto gold bag
	layer_4: prischan wl yu must now stend thus let us try t golld bagk
	layer_6: crischian were yu must now stend thus let us try to gold bag
	layer_8: hristian where you must now stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_10: christian where you must now stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_12: christian where you must now stand thus let us try to go back

file: 7697-105817-0009.flac
expected: then said giant despair you have no right to force your way in here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_2: then sat trind dispair oo have no rite of fortal wakim here the grounk nong which you lie is min
	layer_4: then sat dtrined despair you have no right of fortual wa im here the ground non wich you lie is mine
	layer_6: then sep dry ing despair you have no right of fortuial wa geim here the ground on which you lie is min
	layer_8: then sept try in despair you have no right of fortual way im here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_10: then sept try in despair you have no right to fortyu way im here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_12: then sep try in despair you have no right to fortyou way im here the ground on which you lie is mine

file: 7697-105817-0010.flac
expected: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fault
	layer_2: the had not mich to say as bee knew tha thy wreing fourt
	layer_4: the had not much to say as be knew that they werein fourt
	layer_6: they had not much to say as bey knew that they were in fort
	layer_8: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort
	layer_10: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort
	layer_12: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort

file: 7697-105817-0011.flac
expected: and by this act we kill our souls as well
	layer_2: and by besact widh cuelour sols aswell
	layer_4: and by bisact wic oul or souls as well
	layer_6: and by bisack wiculd our souls as well
	layer_8: and by tisack we killed our souls as well
	layer_10: and by tisack we killed our souls as well
	layer_12: and by tisack we killed our souls as well

file: 7697-105815-0000.flac
expected: he now went on till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this he did two or three times
	layer_2: he now when tong to hecaim to the house had ha dorf which he was to not this it it two or fhree toms
	layer_4: he know when tongue to he cam to the house ad a dorfh which he was do nock this idid two or fhree times
	layer_6: he now when tong ti he cam to the house and a dorif which he was to knock this it it two or three times
	layer_8: he now wen tong till he came to the house and a dor f which he was to knock this it it two or three times
	layer_10: he now went tong till he came to the house and a door of which he was to knock this id it two or three times
	layer_12: he now went tong till he came to the house and a door of which he was to knock this id it two or three times

file: 7697-105815-0001.flac
expected: christian i have come to see the good man of the house
	layer_2: cghristin i have come to see to cood man eof the house
	layer_4: gristian i have come toceey ta good mann of the house
	layer_6: christian i have come to see a good man at the house
	layer_8: christian i have come to see a good man at the house
	layer_10: christian i have come to see a good man at the house
	layer_12: christian i have come to see a good man at the house

file: 7697-105815-0002.flac
expected: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to mount zion
	layer_2: cristion sir i amcomfrom the city of thestuption and a mo myy wayt mont sun
	layer_4: christian sir i am come from the city of desruptian and amo my way to monh'siun
	layer_6: christian sir i am come from the city of destruptian and em omy way to monthsium
	layer_8: christian sir i am come from the city of destruptian and am onmy way to monthsayem
	layer_10: christian sir i am come from the city of descruption and am on my way to monthayen
	layer_12: christian sir i am come from the city of descruption and am on my way to month sayen

file: 7697-105815-0003.flac
expected: i was told by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you would show me good things that would help me
	layer_2: i wiasl stold by the man thestands of he gate that it fo him here yout shuwl mey ko things bat would helt me
	layer_4: i wilsl stoled by the man the stands a the gate that it fi ham here yout sholl may goi things that would help me
	layer_6: i will stilld by the man the stands a vhi gate that if i cam here you il show me good things that would help me
	layer_8: i was stolld by the man that stands at thegate that if i com here you wil show me good things that would help me
	layer_10: i was stoled by the man that stands at the gate that if i come here you will show me good things that would help me
	layer_12: i was stoled by the man that stands at the gate that if i come here you will show me good things that would help me

file: 7697-105815-0004.flac
expected: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold hung near his head
	layer_2: he stoode as inf he would pletopfur men and a crown af gold har near heis hart
	layer_4: he stood as if he would plea fur men and a crown of gold hard knear his heard
	layer_6: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold harm near his heard
	layer_8: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold harm near his heard
	layer_10: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold halm near his heard
	layer_12: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold halm near his heard

file: 7697-105815-0005.flac
expected: christian what does this mean
	layer_2: qhuistion whad dthis tis mean
	layer_4: cqhuistian what dhis this mean
	layer_6: christian what dos this mean
	layer_8: christian what does this mean
	layer_10: christian what does this mean
	layer_12: christian what does this mean

file: 7697-105815-0006.flac
expected: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_2: then he too hi to a lart room that was foe of dust for i had no being swept and interpredar tod his man to sweetet
	layer_4: then he took him to a largeh room that was fol of dust for it had not being swept and interpereder tod his man to sweep it
	layer_6: then he took him to a large room that was fooll of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_8: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_10: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_12: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it

file: 7697-105815-0007.flac
expected: christian what means this
	layer_2: quistonm what mangs thise
	layer_4: quistion what miangs bhese
	layer_6: qhuistian what mins tese
	layer_8: christian what means these
	layer_10: christian what means these
	layer_12: christian what means these

file: 7697-105815-0008.flac
expected: then you next saw the maid come in to lay the dust so is sin made clean and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_2: the you nat sot  made com en to nade dus so i sm may cing and lade lo by fain te book
	layer_4: then you nax sord made com e to lader dus so e seem may cling and lade low by faith in the bok
	layer_6: the unaut sato made come ingto la e dus so he seemed maye cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_8: the unat sowd mayde come into la e dust so he seemed may cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_10: the unac sord a maid come in to lay te dust so he semed may cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_12: the unac sord a maid come in to lay the dust so he semed may cling and laid low by faith in the book

file: 7697-105815-0009.flac
expected: just as christian came up to the cross his load slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_2: just ask thristion cem up to the crows a s lo slae fronis back clols to demouthed the tom wher it felling and i sawd  no more
	layer_4: just ask pristion came up to the crows heslowd sltay from his back clos todemous of the tumb where it felling and i sawid no more
	layer_6: just as christian came up to the crows he slow slad from his back close to the mouts of the tomb where it fellin and i sawit no more
	layer_8: just as christian came up to the crous he slow slived from his back closed to the mouths of the tumb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_10: just as christian came up to the crous he slow slied from his back close to the mouths of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_12: just as christian came up to the crous he slow sliped from his back close to the mouths of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more

file: 7697-105815-0010.flac
expected: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace be to thee thou hast grace from thy sins
	layer_2: as he stooed those an wept lo three broighd ones centhhin and one of them said hes peet o thee thou hast resh fron thiae seings
	layer_4: as he stoowd those and wept low three brite ons can thim and one of them said ppespeto thee thou hat greashd prom thy sings
	layer_6: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ons can to him and one of them sad p speto thee thou hat grieed from thy sings
	layer_8: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them sad pe pet o thee thou hast griesed from thy sings
	layer_10: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace peto thee thou hast griased from thy sings
	layer_12: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace peto thee thou hast griafed from thy sings

file: 7697-105815-0011.flac
expected: christian gave three leaps for joy and sang as he went ah what a place is this blest cross blest tomb
	layer_2: tristian gave ree leapes for jo and sen as he wendt ahh what ae plas his fis blast craws blest too
	layer_4: thristian gave three leaps for joyl and sen as he went ah what a plays his this mlast crows blest toon
	layer_6: christian gave three leaps for joy and sen as he went ah what it plays his this blast crows blast tun
	layer_8: christian gave three leaps for joy and send as he went ah what at plays his tis blast cross blast tun
	layer_10: christian gave three leavs for joy and san as he went ha what it plays is this blastacross blasttun
	layer_12: christian gave three leapes for joy and san as he went ha what it plays is this blastacross blasttun

file: 7697-105815-0012.flac
expected: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he saw three men who were in a sound sleep with chains on their feet
	layer_2: he wen tom this to he came to a veu whereie he solf re men who wereing a sone seep with chan son dea feet
	layer_4: he went ton this tol he came to a veil wher  he selfheremen who wore in a sond sleep with chanson the wr feet
	layer_6: he went on thus till he came to a veil where his sophrymen who wereing a sound sleep with chains on dhe eofeet
	layer_8: he went on thus till he came to a vail where his suthry men who were ein a sound sleep with chains on de ufit
	layer_10: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he so free men who were an a sound sleep with chains on he eufate
	layer_12: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he sal pree men who were ean a sound sleep with chains on the eufatte

file: 7697-105815-0013.flac
expected: christian sirs whence come you and where do you go
	layer_2: cuiston sirs blence comb you and were ty ta go
	layer_4: chuistian searvs lence com ou and were to te go
	layer_6: christian serchs leneds comu and where do a go
	layer_8: christian searcs lends combue and where do to go
	layer_10: christian serch lenscombute and where do to go
	layer_12: christian search lenscombue and where do to go

file: 7697-105815-0014.flac
expected: formalist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of vain glory and are on our way to mount zion for praise
	layer_2: for mansed and popersy we wreborn ing themendedplain glory and our owno way  moundine for pras
	layer_4: for malased and pocpercy we reborning de landepainglory and or on now way t mounts dine for prais
	layer_6: for maist and popricy we rebornin the landef painglori and our own nowr way to mounts dine for praise
	layer_8: for madest and hypocrisy we reborn in the land of ainglory and our own our way to mount dine for praise
	layer_10: for madest and hypocrisy we reborn in the land of painglory and our own our way to mount dine for praise
	layer_12: for madest and hypocrisy we reborn in the land of uainglory and our own our way to mount zine for praise

file: 7697-105815-0015.flac
expected: know you not that he that comes not in at the door but climbs up to get in the same is a thief
	layer_2: no eo not that hee that coms noting that a door tbut claomse to getting the sayme maesha tfhiiaf
	layer_4: know you not that he that comes not en nhat a door but clamsee to getting the same masar thief
	layer_6: now yu not that he that comes not en at a door but climpsep to getting the same mas a thief
	layer_8: now you not that he that comes not in at a door but clims up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_10: know you not that he that comes not ien at a door but climbs up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_12: know you not that he that comes not en at a door but climps up to getting the same as a thief

file: 7697-105815-0016.flac
expected: they told christian that he had no need for care on that score for long use had made it law and they could prove that it had been so for years
	layer_2: the told quistion that h had nonly for car on thes dor for knong uwe had mad e law and they could prove that had bein silver years
	layer_4: the told qhuistian that he had knonly for care on thesdor for long nus had made a law and they could proved that had been silver years
	layer_6: the told chuistian that he had knonly for care on thes dore for long ewts had made i law and they could prove thatit had been silver years
	layer_8: the told christiand that he had known for care on thes tor for long uths had made a law and they could prove that ie had been silver years
	layer_10: they told christianed that he had knownly for care on thestor for long uts had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_12: they told christianed that he had knownly for care on thestor for long ushs had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years

file: 7697-105815-0017.flac
expected: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_2: yes si thing no dotved
	layer_4: yes said thing kno dotiovid
	layer_6: yes said thing no dobt of it
	layer_8: yes said thing no dout of it
	layer_10: yes said thee no doubt of it
	layer_12: yes said the  no doubt of it

file: 7697-105815-0018.flac
expected: and if we get in the road at all pray what are the odds
	layer_2: and if we getting tho brot et al pra what or hy yos
	layer_4: and if we getting the roate at all pray what ar theods
	layer_6: and if we getting the roate at all pray what are thiodds
	layer_8: and if we'vre getting the roat at all pray what are the odds
	layer_10: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the odds
	layer_12: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the odds

file: 7697-105815-0019.flac
expected: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_2: ds not our case us goodastyurs
	layer_4: dnot our case as god askturs
	layer_6: do not our case as good as ours
	layer_8: ds not our case as good aseours
	layer_10: s not our case as good asd yours
	layer_12: s not our case as good asd yours

file: 7697-105815-0020.flac
expected: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hill of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_2: i saw  dene that the ol wene ton to they cim t e fhoot ef the hearl of difcuoty wheere they was asprem
	layer_4: i saw dene that the ol wint on o they cim to  food of the hearl of difcuoty where they was a sprem
	layer_6: i sawl then that they ya went on i they came to the foot of the her of difficuty where theye was a sprame
	layer_8: i sowl then that theyyal went on til they came to the foot of the heer of difficulty where there was a sprang
	layer_10: i sow then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hell of difficulty where there was a sprang
	layer_12: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hell of difficulty where there was a sprang

file: 7697-105815-0021.flac
expected: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hill
	layer_2: now wenquistian gohd ass fies a sprin f flv he drengaed and then wont f t he
	layer_4: now whin quistian god as pri as a sprin of live he drenk of it and then went upt hu
	layer_6: now when qhristian god as far as tha sprin of live he drank of it and then went upt hul
	layer_8: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up hul
	layer_10: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up hull
	layer_12: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up hull

file: 7697-105815-0022.flac
expected: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hill that those who came by might rest there
	layer_2: now half we ut was aoccae mae by dennod of that h that thosewol came by myt resthere
	layer_4: now half we urh was a cave made by the nord of that huw that those who came by myt rastver
	layer_6: now half we ught was ac cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by met rasper
	layer_8: now half w urg was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by magt rastver
	layer_10: now half wy up was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by maght rest beer
	layer_12: now half wy up was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by maght rest veer

file: 7697-105815-0023.flac
expected: timorous said that zion was the hill they meant to climb but that when they had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk so that great fear came on them and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_2: timer sad that in was ha hu themen o clo but that whin they had goe alfoy they found that they met with more and mordis sol det uat feari com onden and ol the coul do was to trom bak
	layer_4: timmer sad tha zi was pe hed theymen to clon but that win lhey had go halffvoy they found that they met with more and morrisk sodet rat fear cim ondon and all they could do was to tr om bak
	layer_6: timmerers sad that din was fo hu they men to clon but that when they had gote half way they found that they met with more and more risku se degreat fear cimonden and all they could do was to trem bak
	layer_8: timoers sad that dine was fo ha they men to clowm but that when they had gonte half way they found that they met with more and more risk sol de great fear cam on dem and all they could do was to trin back
	layer_10: timmerers sad that zyne was for he they mean to clam but that when they had gonte halfway they found that they met with more and more risk syld thet great fear came on them and all they could do was to trim back
	layer_12: timmerers sad that zyne was for he they mean to clowm but that when they had gone halfway they found that they met with more and more rhisk syld that great fear came on them and all they could do was to trim back

file: 7697-105815-0024.flac
expected: yes said mistrust for just in front of us there lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they slept or not but we thought that they would fall on us and tear our limbs
	layer_2: yes said he mistrirst for ajust in fromtevos bere lay two beats of prayn owr poath wou now narte thase nuptd ore noud but we though that theywold falle tacs and torou ligs
	layer_4: yes saidthe mischurst for chust infromt hevus berlay two beatsts of prayn nour pouth we kneow narti theyse nupt drownod but we thoughthat they would fallew tars antirou lems
	layer_6: yes said the mischurst for a chust in frontavers bear lay two beasts of pray nour path we knew not if they snap droanaud but we thought that they would fallow tes an tyrou las
	layer_8: yes said the mischurst for a chust in front averse bear lay two beasts of preyn our path we knew not if they snaped ronaurd but we thought that they would follow thei anterar lims
	layer_10: yes said the misthurst for a chust in front ravers bear lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they snapped ronard but we thought that they would follow their anteraur leams
	layer_12: yes said the mischurst for a chust in front ravers bear lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they snapped ronard but we thought that they would follow their anterau leams

file: 7697-105815-0025.flac
expected: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the men and then he felt in his cloak for his scroll that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_2: yet hi thought wonce more ta what he had hared fon the man and then he fouting hiscok for hi sgrow that he migt readied and ponicome piace
	layer_4: yet he thought once more if what he had huard from the man and then he fout ing his tot for his sgrow that he might readed an findi some pese
	layer_6: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his scrow that he might read it in fin a some peace
	layer_8: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crow that he might read it and findn some pece
	layer_10: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crow that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_12: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crow that he might read it and find some peace

file: 7697-105815-0026.flac
expected: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_2: he so forea bu sfound id not
	layer_4: hesell for ad but sound idt knot
	layer_6: he selt for ea but soundet not
	layer_8: he sailed for iait but sounded not
	layer_10: he sailed for it but sounded not
	layer_12: he sailed for it but sounded not

file: 7697-105815-0027.flac
expected: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him grace for this act and then went back to look for his scroll
	layer_2: so he fou donk on his knees to praid that godwould gae en graceful dhis at and then when bat to looke forh scrod
	layer_4: so he fell don on his knees to praive that god would gave in gracefule bissact and then whent bak to look for hescroad
	layer_6: so he fell down on his knees to prave that god would give him graceful bisact and then when bat too look for his scroad
	layer_8: so he fell down on his knees to brave that god would give him graceful bisact and then wen back to look for his croab
	layer_10: so he fell down on his knees to bravhe that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to look for his crowbe
	layer_12: so he fell downe on his knees to pravhe that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to luk for his crowbe

file: 7697-105815-0028.flac
expected: oh fool that i am said he to sleep in the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for ease that rest which the lord of the hill had made but for the help of the soul
	layer_2: ho fo that aur n sading to slipbing the day time so to gea fin of the flashes to use for hease that reast which nordof foah hat made but ford hel it te son
	layer_4: ho fo that  ann sathing to sleeping the day time so to ga voin to the flesh as to use por yeas that reasth which lord o fe he had made but ford help it the son
	layer_6: o foo that i am sad him o sleeping the day time so to gve voint to the flesh as two usepfor yeese that rest which lord a fe hu hav made but ford helth et the son
	layer_8: o fool that i am said him to sleeping the day time so to givevoit o the flesh as two usefor yeas that rest which lord af fehuh hate made but ford helth woth the son
	layer_10: ho fool that i am said hem to sleeping the day time so to give yt of the flesh as to usefor yeas that rest which lord of fehugh hath made but ford healp with the song
	layer_12: ho fool that i am said hem to sleeping the day time so to give vyt o the flesh as to used for yeas that rest which lord of fehugh hath made but ford help with the song

file: 7697-105815-0029.flac
expected: such was the lot of the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the red sea and i am made to tread those steps with grief which i might have trod with joy had it not been for this sleep
	layer_2: souch wous te lovedtad the jus for theirsing they were saent back id way o thbrat see and ia mades trid theoe staps with greeve which ing my hade trong with joy had did not bee for thisleeav
	layer_4: such was e loed at the jews for their sein they were sent back bied way of the rat sea and i am maides trad those staps with grave which im mon had truk with joy had did knot be for this leeve
	layer_6: such was te loged that the jews for their sene they were sent back bode way of the grat san and i am made trea those steps with griave which   man hade trunke with joy haded not been for this leave
	layer_8: such was te loud that the jews for there seene they were sent backbyd way of the gravsee and i am made tread those steps with grieve which iman had trunk with joy had it not been for this leave
	layer_10: such was te laud of the jews for the r seen they were sent back by te way of the ratce and i am made to tread those steps with grieve which imann had trunk with joy had it not been for this leave
	layer_12: such was te laud af the jews for the are scen they were sent back by the way of the rathce and i am made to tread those steps with grieve which i mann had trunk with joy had it not been for this leave

file: 7697-105815-0030.flac
expected: how far might i have been on my way by this time
	layer_2: ho form en i half beeng oe my wep by this time
	layer_4: hofarmand i halfa being on my weet by this time
	layer_6: how farm an i half ta beeng on my weet by this time
	layer_8: how farm an i havf been on my weat by this time
	layer_10: how farm an i have been on my wea by this time
	layer_12: how farm and i have been on my weat by this time

file: 7697-105815-0031.flac
expected: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where for a spell he sat down and wept but at last as he cast a sad glance at the foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught up with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_2: now y vthis tome he had come to the vao whonc more wher ereforet pell he said din et both at last as he case set lancat food of the benh bhe saw hisrd which he caghd et with hased and putting his ploage
	layer_4: no by this time he had come to the vale wonce more where yereforecebell he said doing wamt but at last as he casta stet glansat food of the bench he saw hisprl which he caught it with hastd and puddin his clug
	layer_6: now by this time he had come to the val once more where your fore bell he sad doing gwamd but at last as he casta sat glansat food of the bench he saw his sprowl which he caught ip with haste and putding his clug
	layer_8: now by this time he had come to the val once more where your fore bell he sat dowan womt but at last as he casta set glance at he foot of the bench he saw hi sprol which he caught ip with haste and putting his cloag
	layer_10: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where your for spell he sat down in guaut but at last as he cast a set glance at e foot of the bench he saw hi scroll which he caught it with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_12: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where your fore spell he sat down and guaut but at last as he cast a set glance at e foot of the bench he saw hi scroll which he caught it with haste and putting his cloak

file: 7697-105815-0032.flac
expected: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his scroll
	layer_2: bwers are to wet to tl ha joyif christion when he had got bact hi s wro
	layer_4: wors are to weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got bact his ro
	layer_6: worse are to weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roll
	layer_8: wors are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe
	layer_10: wors are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his role
	layer_12: wors are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his role

file: 7697-105815-0033.flac
expected: he laid it up in the breast of his coat and gave thanks to god
	layer_2: he ladear in the bresshte his cod and gi thengs togad
	layer_4: he ladeder in the brestof his coad and gi thinks to gard
	layer_6: he laid et ough in the brust of his coad and gev thanks to guard
	layer_8: he laid it ough in the brust of his code and gave thanks to guard
	layer_10: he laid it ouff in the brust of his code and gave thanks to gard
	layer_12: he laid it uff in the brust of his code and gave thanks to guard

file: 7697-105815-0034.flac
expected: with what a light step did he now climb the hill
	layer_2: woitd what a listact tat he now clam the he
	layer_4: would what a lagst tat tad he now clam the hu
	layer_6: would what a lige that did he now clamd e hu
	layer_8: with what a lige that did he now clam the hue
	layer_10: with what a lace tat did he now clamb the hue
	layer_12: with what a lace tat did he now clamb the hue

file: 7697-105815-0035.flac
expected: ah thought he these beasts range in the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them
	layer_2: hah thogh hen these betsrenting the niht folr their prye and afthey should meet with men e doar holted ie flihve fungtn
	layer_4: hah thought hen these beth sprending thet night for their pry and if they should meet with me n dh dard halthered i fli fron them
	layer_6: hah thought hen these beats srenting the night for their prey and if they should meet with me n the dar halshred i fli fronm them
	layer_8: ha thought he these beats rending the night for their prey and if they should meet with me andthe dar halshould i fly from them
	layer_10: ha thought he these beasts renting the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them
	layer_12: ha thought he these beasts rending the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them

file: 7697-105815-0036.flac
expected: the name of the man who kept the lodge of that house was watchful and when he saw that christian made a halt as if he would go back he came out to him and said is thy strength so small
	layer_2: the namemofhe man who kept the lage of that hous was wotfolr ad when he so hacphristom madehead as if e wuld goo back bhecam outo hime hindsat is bvi etrin sil s marl
	layer_4: the name of the men who kept the lardge of their house was whatfoll and when he sawt air phristian made a heard as if he would go back tbecame out to ham and set iis bys strengs soce malre
	layer_6: the name of the men who kept the large of their hous was what folr and when he saw their christian made a hard as if he would go back be came ount o him and sat iis boys streng solrce more
	layer_8: the name of the men who kept the large of their hous was wat fol and when he saw their christian made a hard as if he would go back e came out to him and sad is boy strengh sice more
	layer_10: the name of the men who kept the larger of their hous was what for and when he saw their christian made hard as if he would go back he came out to him and said is boy's strength solcsmorl
	layer_12: the name of the men who kept the larger of their house was what for and when he saw their christian made hard as if he would go back he came out to him and sad is boy's strengh siltsmorl

file: 7697-105815-0037.flac
expected: fear not the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those that have it and to find out those that have none
	layer_2: fear nowd bhe tdo wild beast for they aer bond by changs in or pot hearide trydt fathof those betkhapiet and to fpyndnou those bect heth non
	layer_4: fear nod be dwo wild beast for they are bound by changs ind ar puthiredto tryd o faith of those bet habit and to fid ou those bet heath knong
	layer_6: fear noed bhe two wild beasts for they are abound by chans and our put her to try tho faith of those bat habit and to find ou those bet hath knong
	layer_8: fear ad gnaud but two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and ar put here to try the faith of those bact habit and to find out those bat hath knong
	layer_10: fear n gnawed the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those bad habit and to find out those that hath nong
	layer_12: fear d gnawed the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those bad habits and to find out those that hath nong

file: 7697-105815-0038.flac
expected: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to thee
	layer_2: keep in the mistevf the path and no hom shacontovhy
	layer_4: keep in the mist vf the path and no harms shacon to ve
	layer_6: keep in the mistr of the path and no harms sha kom devie
	layer_8: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shal coune devie
	layer_10: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall coun develle
	layer_12: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall con devene

file: 7697-105815-0039.flac
expected: then i saw in my dream that still he went on in great dread of the wild beasts he heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stood in front of the lodge where watchful dwelt
	layer_2: the ni sawig my tre that's te he bent oning ray dread et the wide beast  har them brar yit the did tohe no harm but whln he had gon by them he went on with joy to he came and stioing frond of the lodt wee ar watch ful god
	layer_4: the ni sawing my drea that sde he bent on ingrey drad of the wide beasts eheared them ror et they did to hem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do he came and stilling front of the lodge whe are watchful god
	layer_6: the nig sawig my dream that sdil he bwent on in grey dred of the wide beasts i heard them roar yet they did  hem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy di he came and stilling front of the lardge whe yord wachful god
	layer_8: the night saw in my dream that stal he went on in greay dread of the wide beasts  heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stil ing front of the ladge where yur watchful gud
	layer_10: the night saw in my dream that steal he went on in great dread of the wid beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stoal in front of the large where yor watchful guge
	layer_12: the knight saw in my dream that steal he went on in great dread of the wide beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and steal in front of the large where your watchful gurge

file: 7697-105815-0040.flac
expected: christian sir what house is this may i rest here to night
	layer_2: prston seo what alshihis wa nrest her do nit
	layer_4: prissian sir what hous ip this my an res here denite
	layer_6: crisian sir what housif is may res here tenied
	layer_8: christian sir what houe if this may arest here denied
	layer_10: christian sir what house of this may arrest here denied
	layer_12: christian sir what house of this may arrest here denied

file: 7697-105815-0041.flac
expected: when watchful told her why christian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_2: wen wachfou told her whyke uishtian had tome ther she sad whad e shor nane
	layer_4: when watchfoul told her why quistion had tome there she said what is sor name
	layer_6: when watchfull told her why quistian had come there she said what is soure name
	layer_8: when watchful told her why quristian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_10: when watchful told her why quistion had come there she said what is your name
	layer_12: when watchful told her why quistian had come there she said what is your name

file: 7697-105815-0042.flac
expected: then christian bent down his head and went with them to the house
	layer_2: then christi be domnhsehet and when withem to house
	layer_4: then christian bendois head and when with them twoth house
	layer_6: then christian bendan his heard and wen with them todh house
	layer_8: then christian bent down his heard and went with them to th house
	layer_10: then christian bent down his head and went with them to th house
	layer_12: then christian bent down his head and went with them to te house

file: 7697-105815-0043.flac
expected: piety come good christian since our love prompts us to take you in to rest let us talk with you of all that you have seen on your way
	layer_2: hity colm good cristine seenmcs tar lore prompces to take huling to rest thatis talk with you a faore that should have cen onl your way
	layer_4: hity calme good christian seense t are lod prompses to take heling to rest lat is talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_6: higty calm good christian seens tour lod crompsus to take heeling to rest let us talk with you afforvd that should have seen on your way
	layer_8: higty calm good christian seens our lod prompts us to take healing to rest let us talk with you afformed that should have seen on your way
	layer_10: hagty calm good christian seens t our lod prompts us to take healing to rest let us talk with you affore that should have seen on your way
	layer_12: haghty calm good christian seens to our lod prompts us to take healing to rest let us talk with you afford that should have seen on your way

file: 7697-105815-0044.flac
expected: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_2: churson with arite goo wo and i im blad that yor should asket ovf been
	layer_4: quisan with a ride good o and i am glad that syu should askit of ben
	layer_6: cishian with a right good wru and i am glad that sye should ask it of bee
	layer_8: crustion with a right good wue and i am glad that she should ask it hav been
	layer_10: qrestian with a right good will and i am glad that she should ask it af been
	layer_12: questian with a right good will and i am glad that she should ask it af been

file: 7697-105815-0045.flac
expected: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish so much to go to mount zion
	layer_2: trudins andde first say wat os ie that made sioal whish til mush t god montime
	layer_4: prudene and first say what is if that may su wishtil much god mon d ione
	layer_6: prudence and first say what is it that makye shoeu wish till much t go to monk'd iomn
	layer_8: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish till much to go to monk'd iron
	layer_10: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish till much to go to monk'deiron
	layer_12: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish till much to go to monk'd eiron

file: 7697-105815-0046.flac
expected: there they say is no death and there i shall dwell with such as love the lord
	layer_2: there they say is no death and the re i shae doe with such ast not the lorg
	layer_4: there they say is no death and there i shall do with such as not de lard
	layer_6: there they say is no death and there i shall d with such as not delord
	layer_8: there they say is no death and there i shall do with such as not de lord
	layer_10: there they say is no death and there i shall do with such as not de lord
	layer_12: there they say is no death and there i shall do with such as not de lord

file: 7697-105815-0047.flac
expected: charity have you a wife and babes christian yes i have
	layer_2: charting have your wie an bave cfiso hyeis a havlve
	layer_4: charty have you r wike and bave crisu ye is i halv
	layer_6: charty have your wike and bave chrisueme yes i half
	layer_8: charoty have your wife and baes christae me yes i halve
	layer_10: charity have your wife and babes christian yes i have
	layer_12: charity have your wife and babes christian yes i have

file: 7697-105815-0048.flac
expected: charity and why did you not bring them with you
	layer_2: chariting athe inid you not rean them with you
	layer_4: chariting l wydid you not breend them with you
	layer_6: chariting lwy did you not brang them with you
	layer_8: chariting lou why did you not bring them with you
	layer_10: chariotyng lue why did you not bring them with you
	layer_12: charityg lue why did you not bring them with you

file: 7697-105815-0049.flac
expected: but they would not come with me nor have me leave them
	layer_2: but thay wuld now come with me nor haf med leison
	layer_4: but they would now come with me nor havte me hi leasem
	layer_6: but they would now come with me nor have me  lis him
	layer_8: but they would now come with me nor have me  lie them
	layer_10: but they would now come with me nor have me lease them
	layer_12: but they would now come with me nor have me lase them

file: 7697-105815-0050.flac
expected: thus did christian talk with these friends till it grew dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slept till break of day and then he sang a hymn
	layer_2: thus dit qustion tock with his prands tulit room dok and then he too his rest ingt blarge room the namg o which was pece there heslapt too break of day and then he san hin
	layer_4: thus did uristian talk with his friend s tudit room dark and then he took his pressed in to large roomn the name of which was peace there he slapped toul break o day and then he sana hen
	layer_6: thus did quistion talke with his friends tulit room dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped tooa break o day and then he sant ahein
	layer_8: thus did questian talk with his friends tudit groom dark and then he took his reast into a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped to a break of day and then he san aheen
	layer_10: thus did question talk with his friends tudit groom dark and then he took his breast into a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped tyou a break of day and then he samahen
	layer_12: thus did question talk with his friends tudit groom dark and then he took his reast into a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped tyou a break of day and then he sammahen

file: 7697-105815-0051.flac
expected: and they brought out the jaw bone of an ass with which samson did such great feats and the sling and stone with which david slew goliath of gath
	layer_2: and they brought out a jon bon of anask with which senson dis such bry fese and the slaing and stoone with which dabaf sluw gaody oth of tath
	layer_4: and they brught out a john bone of an as with which sensind o such bray fees and the slein and stong with which dibvo slo gadyoth of dath
	layer_6: and they brought out a jon bone of andass with which sensind di such gbray feas and the slen and stone with which div o sle galioth of dafth
	layer_8: and they brought out a joan bone of an ass with which censoned di such gray fees and the slin and stone with which divih slew galioth of dath
	layer_10: and they brought out a jon bone of an ass with which sensond did such gray feas and the sling and stung with which diver slew galioth of tath
	layer_12: and they brought out a jan bone of an ass with which senson did such gray feas and the sling and stung with which diver slew galioth of dath

file: 7697-105815-0052.flac
expected: what is the name of this land said christian
	layer_2: wats then namge of this lan su criston
	layer_4: whatis the name of this len said gricthan
	layer_6: wat is the name of this land said crischian
	layer_8: what is the name of this land said grischian
	layer_10: what is the name of this land said cristhan
	layer_12: what is the name of this land said cristian

file: 7697-105815-0053.flac
expected: then they told him it was immanuel's land
	layer_2: then the toldhime it wasim manous lhend
	layer_4: then the told him it wal immanous lend
	layer_6: then they told him it was simmanuous land
	layer_8: then they told him it was simmaniuous land
	layer_10: then they told him it was immanuousland
	layer_12: then they told him it was simmanuousland

file: 1255-138279-0000.flac
expected: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_2: it was a night when sorro ma come teo the bragtest without causing any great sensof incongraity when withimpressible persons love becomes silistusness hope sings to mis giving and faith to hope when thexecis af memory does not ster feedings of regret ad opportunities fol ambition that have been passed by and and tisipation does not prompt to en erprise
	layer_4: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sens of incongruity when with impressable persons love becomes silcistosness hope sins to miss giving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities fur ambition that have been passed by and and ticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_6: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruuity when with impressible persons love becomes solicostousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret ad opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_8: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicosousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret ad opportunities for ambition that have been passet by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_10: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_12: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise

file: 1255-138279-0001.flac
expected: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their media of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_2: still to a closobserver they are justas perceptible the differences that their mediar of manif estation arless trit and familia thand such well knon ones as the bursting of the bods arl the forl of the lief
	layer_4: still to at close observer they are just as perceptible the differencees that their mediar of manifestation are less trit and familiar than such well nome ones as the bursting of the bods or the fall of the lieaf
	layer_6: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their mediar of manifestation are less trihte and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_8: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medior of manifestation are less trait and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_10: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medior of manifestation are less trit and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_12: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medior of manifestation are less trait and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf

file: 1255-138279-0002.flac
expected: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if any thing could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_2: hev enythin could be dark of thn the sky it was the wall and ive anythink could be gluemiar than the wall it was the rivrbeneath
	layer_4: ef enything could be darkef than the sky it was the wall and eve anything coud be gloumiur than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_6: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_8: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_10: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_12: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath

file: 1255-138279-0003.flac
expected: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_2: an indisgribable succession of doull blowes peplexing in their riegularity sent their sound with difficulty through the flufhy appospha
	layer_4: and indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing an their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffhy apposphre
	layer_6: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy aposphere
	layer_8: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy apmosphere
	layer_10: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atpmosphere
	layer_12: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atpmosphere

file: 1255-138279-0004.flac
expected: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_2: not lafter a formant moved by the brink of the river
	layer_4: not lae after ar form a moved by the brink of the river
	layer_6: not loag after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_8: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_10: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_12: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river

file: 1255-138279-0005.flac
expected: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_2: this was all that was positively discoverable theug it seemed d human
	layer_4: this was all that was positively discoverable thoure it seemed human
	layer_6: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_8: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_10: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_12: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human

file: 1255-138279-0006.flac
expected: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_2: the shape wente slowly alon but without much exersion for the snaow thogh sudden as not as yet more than to inges deep
	layer_4: the shape went slowly along but without much exersion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_6: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_8: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_10: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_12: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep

file: 1255-138279-0007.flac
expected: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_2: at this time some words ware speken aloud one
	layer_4: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_6: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_8: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_10: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_12: at this time some words were spoken aloud one

file: 1255-138279-0008.flac
expected: two three
	layer_2: two three
	layer_4: two three
	layer_6: two three
	layer_8: two three
	layer_10: two three
	layer_12: two three

file: 1255-138279-0009.flac
expected: four five
	layer_2: four five
	layer_4: four five
	layer_6: four five
	layer_8: four five
	layer_10: four five
	layer_12: four five

file: 1255-138279-0010.flac
expected: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_2: between each utterantce the little shape advantced about half edosn the ardts
	layer_4: between each uterance the little shape advancd about half a dozen yards
	layer_6: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_8: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_10: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_12: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards

file: 1255-138279-0011.flac
expected: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_2: he rether sbot stopped and dwindle smaorler
	layer_4: he other spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_6: he other spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_8: the other spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_10: the other spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_12: the other spot stopped and dwindled smaller

file: 1255-138279-0012.flac
expected: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_2: then a mostle of snaow flew across the river towards the fifthth windaw
	layer_4: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_6: then a morcel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_8: then a mossel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_10: then a morssel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_12: then a mossel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window

file: 1255-138279-0013.flac
expected: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_2: the river would have been seen by day to be ef that a deep smooth sougt which races middlensides with the samed dlighding presision an y iregularaites of speed beng im megite corrected by smale warlple
	layer_4: the river would have been seen by day to be of that a deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same dligding precision any irrigularities of speed being a meditel corrected by a small worlple
	layer_6: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same dliding precision any irregularities of speed being a mediately corrected by a small wirpol
	layer_8: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirpool
	layer_10: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_12: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool

file: 1255-138279-0014.flac
expected: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_2: thehwindo er struck a gae an the same manner
	layer_4: the window er struck a gaime ind the same manner
	layer_6: the window wer struck a game ind the same manner
	layer_8: the window was struck a game in the same manner
	layer_10: the window was struck a game in the same manner
	layer_12: the window was struck a game in the same manner

file: 1255-138279-0015.flac
expected: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_2: then anoise was heard a paeitcly produced by the openy of the window
	layer_4: then anoyise was heard a paratly produced by the openy of the window
	layer_6: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_8: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_10: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_12: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window

file: 1255-138279-0016.flac
expected: said the blurred spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_2: said the bloerd spot in the snow remilusly
	layer_4: said the blird spot on the snow remulousley
	layer_6: said the bloird spot on the snow tremulously
	layer_8: said the blurd spot on the snow tremulously
	layer_10: said the blourrd spot on the snow tremulously
	layer_12: said the blourd spot on the snow tremulously

file: 1255-138279-0017.flac
expected: i asked which was your window forgive me
	layer_2: i aske weich was your window forgive me
	layer_4: i asked hich was your window forgive me
	layer_6: i asked huch was your window forgive me
	layer_8: i asked wich was your window forgive me
	layer_10: i asked wic was your window forgive me
	layer_12: i asked wit was your window forgive me

file: 1255-138279-0018.flac
expected: well i said that you might
	layer_2: whene i said that ju miht
	layer_4: whel i said that you might
	layer_6: wen i said that you might
	layer_8: well i said that you might
	layer_10: well i said that you might
	layer_12: well i said that you might

file: 1255-138279-0019.flac
expected: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_2: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_4: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_6: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_8: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_10: how must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_12: how must i it is when shall we be married frank

file: 1255-138279-0020.flac
expected: i have money
	layer_2: i have  money
	layer_4: i have money
	layer_6: i have money
	layer_8: i have money
	layer_10: i have money
	layer_12: i have money

file: 1255-138279-0021.flac
expected: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_2: an be liy  in two parshes doe what then
	layer_4: and wee liveen two parishes doe what then
	layer_6: and we live in two parishes doe what then
	layer_8: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_10: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_12: and we live in two parishes do we what then

file: 1255-138279-0022.flac
expected: if i said so of course i will
	layer_2: if i sid solf caoei will
	layer_4: if i sid solf cause i will
	layer_6: if i said sof course i will
	layer_8: if i said soof course i will
	layer_10: if i said so of course i will
	layer_12: if i said so of course i will

file: 1255-138279-0023.flac
expected: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_2: the fect is ei forgot to ask
	layer_4: the fect is ei forgot to ask
	layer_6: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_8: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_10: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_12: the fact is i forgot to ask

file: 1255-138279-0024.flac
expected: good night frank good night
	layer_2: could ni't frak good 'night
	layer_4: god nie frek good night
	layer_6: good nihe frak good night
	layer_8: good night frank good night
	layer_10: good night frank good night
	layer_12: good night frank good night

file: 1255-90407-0000.flac
expected: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_2: he haps nothing seriou s ad hapened to dreak her out ad such an antorward time
	layer_4: he hopes nothing serious had happened to dreag her out atd such an unteward time
	layer_6: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_8: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_10: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_12: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time

file: 1255-90407-0001.flac
expected: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_2: but as the rayin gave not the least side of sersation he observed i think we shal have to gor back never
	layer_4: but as the ragn gave not the least signe of sessation he observed i think we shallhave to go back never
	layer_6: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shal have to go back never
	layer_8: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_10: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shal have to go back never
	layer_12: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never

file: 1255-90407-0002.flac
expected: why not he inquired
	layer_2: wynot hencored
	layer_4: bhy not hincard
	layer_6: why not hincard
	layer_8: why not heinquared
	layer_10: why not h inquired
	layer_12: why not h inquired

file: 1255-90407-0003.flac
expected: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_2: i cannot understand how you should no me while i have no ondge of viou
	layer_4: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have kno knowledge of vyiou
	layer_6: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowlege of you
	layer_8: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_10: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_12: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you

file: 1255-90407-0004.flac
expected: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_2: oh but you know me about me ate least
	layer_4: o but you know me about me at least
	layer_6: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_8: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_10: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_12: oh but you know me about me at least

file: 1255-90407-0005.flac
expected: i should think so
	layer_2: i ehould hink so
	layer_4: hi should think so
	layer_6: bi should think so
	layer_8: ut i should think so
	layer_10: b i should think so
	layer_12: b i should think so

file: 1255-90407-0006.flac
expected: he's my father indeed
	layer_2: he se my father indeed
	layer_4: he is my father indeed
	layer_6: he is my father indeed
	layer_8: he is my father indeed
	layer_10: he is my father indeed
	layer_12: he is my father indeed

file: 1255-90407-0007.flac
expected: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_2: but we hve been tenants of sylvanioar castl on the eilend hre thi scason
	layer_4: but we hve been tenants of sylvanioar castle on the island here the sason
	layer_6: but we have been tenants of sylvani castle on the island here this season
	layer_8: but we have been tenants of sylvenia castle on the island here this season
	layer_10: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_12: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season

file: 1255-90407-0008.flac
expected: my father's is a comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_2: my father ises ti comparcul vethy humble risidant'ehard by
	layer_4: my fathers is as to comparacll ive they humble risidance hard by
	layer_6: my fathers is as to comparacal ifethee humble residents hard by
	layer_8: my father's is as ta comparaclively humble residence hard by
	layer_10: my fathers is as a comparaclively humble residence hard by
	layer_12: my father's is as acomparaclively humble residence hard by

file: 1255-90407-0009.flac
expected: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_2: but he cgouod afought a much bick r one ife hos
	layer_4: but he gold a fought a much bick ar ine if he chose
	layer_6: but he could avfourt o much biger wine if he chose
	layer_8: but he could aford a much bigger wine if he chose
	layer_10: but he could aford a much bicker wine if he chose
	layer_12: but he could afford a much bicker wine if he chose

file: 1255-90407-0010.flac
expected: you have heard so
	layer_2: youv phat si
	layer_4: you've pat sir
	layer_6: you've pat sir
	layer_8: you've part sa
	layer_10: you art sam
	layer_12: you part sam

file: 1255-90407-0011.flac
expected: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_2: i dod now he desn'tell m much of his a fairs
	layer_4: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_6: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_8: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_10: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_12: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs

file: 1255-90407-0012.flac
expected: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_2: my father she burset out sudnle is alwayscolading me for my etravagaance
	layer_4: my father she burset out suddenmy is always coading me for my extravagance
	layer_6: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_8: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_10: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_12: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance

file: 1255-90407-0013.flac
expected: was that this evening
	layer_2: was that thesivening
	layer_4: was that thes ivening
	layer_6: was that this evening
	layer_8: was that this evening
	layer_10: was that this evening
	layer_12: was that this evening

file: 1255-90407-0014.flac
expected: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_2: dthere on the nets they sat
	layer_4: nd there on the nets they sat
	layer_6: and theyre on the nets they sat
	layer_8: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_10: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_12: and there on the nets they sat

file: 1255-90407-0015.flac
expected: jocelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagues to this daughter of the capulets
	layer_2: jostl in horted strange that he shuld be thromd by fat into position to play thr sun of the montarguse to this daughter of the capidates
	layer_4: just linhortit strangedat that he should be throne by fate into a position to play the son of the monteuse to this daughter of the capidats
	layer_6: jostlen thought id strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagus to this daughter of the capitats
	layer_8: joslyne thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capinats
	layer_10: josse lyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capinats
	layer_12: josse lyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capidats

file: 1255-90407-0016.flac
expected: no i shall go on and get a lodging in budmouth town if ever i reach it
	layer_2: tho i shall go on and get a lodging an bupb oth tiene if ever i reachit
	layer_4: no i shall go on and get o lodging in bup ath town if ever i reach it
	layer_6: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babath town if ever i reach it
	layer_8: now i shall go on and get a lodging in babath town if ever i reach it
	layer_10: now i shall go on and get a lodging in babathtown if ever i reach it
	layer_12: now i shall go on and get a lodging in babathtown if ever i reach it

file: 1255-90407-0017.flac
expected: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_2: it is so daytof the the wle eno house open accept to little place tneao therstation wie you went careto stay
	layer_4: it is so late of tha thet will be no house open accept a little place ne ao ther station were you won't care to stay
	layer_6: it is so late of that there will be no house open axcept a little place neaother station where you won't care to stay
	layer_8: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_10: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_12: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay

file: 1255-90407-0018.flac
expected: the island was an island still
	layer_2: the island as an eislend still
	layer_4: the island was an island still
	layer_6: the island was an island still
	layer_8: the island was an island still
	layer_10: the island was an island still
	layer_12: the island was an island still

file: 1255-90407-0019.flac
expected: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_2: they had not realize the fort of the enimencse till now
	layer_4: they had not realized the force of the eniements till now
	layer_6: they had not realised the force of the enements till now
	layer_8: they had not realized the force of the elemants till now
	layer_10: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_12: they had not realized the force of the elements till now

file: 1255-90407-0020.flac
expected: he steadied her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_2: he stided her bodily by in sirctling her wast with his arm and she made no  bjection
	layer_4: he steded her bodily by incircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_6: he stadid her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_8: he staded her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_10: he staded her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_12: he staded her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection

file: 1255-90407-0021.flac
expected: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_2: he pittiter and wile he wondedatet admard her determination
	layer_4: he pitied hor and while he wandered at et admard her determination
	layer_6: he pitied her and while he wandered at it admard her determination
	layer_8: he pitied her and while he wandered at it admared her determination
	layer_10: he pitied her and while he wandered at it admared her determination
	layer_12: he pitied her and while he wandered at it admared her determination

file: 1255-90407-0022.flac
expected: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_2: theire application for amission leird ter to the withdrarl of a boult and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_4: their application for amission led to the with drawrel of a boalt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_6: their application for amission led to the withdraweal of a bolt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_8: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_10: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage
	layer_12: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage

file: 1255-90407-0023.flac
expected: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_2: he could see now that though she was such af fined figr quiters talers himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_4: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tallas himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_6: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_8: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_10: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_12: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood

file: 1255-90407-0024.flac
expected: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_2: i wile til the selvant to do this en sind you ups on the dweet
	layer_4: i will till the servant to do this an send you ups on the dwet
	layer_6: i will tell the servants to do this and send you ups on the dweat
	layer_8: i will tell the servants to do this and send you upso the do eat
	layer_10: i will tell the servants to do this and send you up somethin to eat
	layer_12: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat

file: 1255-90407-0025.flac
expected: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_2: he felt ravenously hungrey himself and set about drying his cloed thasas wellas he could and eating at the same time
	layer_4: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothhasers well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_6: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothe as as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_8: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clotheas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_10: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_12: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time

file: 1255-90407-0026.flac
expected: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contriving to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_2: by the eaid of sometemporyrapsend some stlippers from the cobered he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the madeselventd camedownstairs wit a dampr armful of woman's rament
	layer_4: by the eaid of some temporary rapsand some slippers from the cupbard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the mad servenedt came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's rament
	layer_6: by the aid of some temporary raps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came down stairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_8: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_10: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maidservant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_12: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maidservant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment

file: 1255-90407-0027.flac
expected: you are sleepy my girl said pierston
	layer_2: hyou as s lephim my ga said pisson
	layer_4: you ill slep him my go said piison
	layer_6: youwillsleep i my gar said pieeson
	layer_8: you will sleep hi my gaul said person
	layer_10: you will sleep in my gull said pierson
	layer_12: you will sleep in my gul said pierson

file: 1255-90407-0028.flac
expected: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_2: he agane becan consctirouss of the chan whrc ao be n in atiated doin the bak
	layer_4: he agained becae conscious of the change whrch ad been initiated druwing the walk
	layer_6: he agained became conscious of the changed which had een innitiated during the walk
	layer_8: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_10: he again became conscious of the change which had ben initiated during the walk
	layer_12: he again became conscious of the change which had ben initiated during the walk

file: 1255-90407-0029.flac
expected: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attire
	layer_2: the werll belovid was movig house had gonover to the ware of this atir
	layer_4: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the weara of this attar
	layer_6: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this atar
	layer_8: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attare
	layer_10: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attare
	layer_12: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attare

file: 1255-90407-0030.flac
expected: and how about little avice caro
	layer_2: and how ouht idtae eve his carro
	layer_4: and i hor p ougt little eve his carrow
	layer_6: and a hal bout little eve his carrow
	layer_8: and a halbaut little hevfes carrow
	layer_10: and a half art little evy's carow
	layer_12: and a half bartd little eve's carow

file: 1255-74899-0000.flac
expected: things arrange themselves
	layer_2: things arrange themselves
	layer_4: things arranged themselves
	layer_6: things arranged themselves
	layer_8: things arrange themselves
	layer_10: things arrange themselves
	layer_12: things arrange themselves

file: 1255-74899-0001.flac
expected: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_2: but the contis never gave way and inch
	layer_4: but the cantiss never gave way an inch
	layer_6: but the cantiss never gave way an inch
	layer_8: but the cantes never gave way an inch
	layer_10: but the contes never gave way an inch
	layer_12: but the cantes never gave way an inch

file: 1255-74899-0002.flac
expected: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_2: the folowing was the aunswr which she returned so the noto ricen to her by atjulia
	layer_4: the following was the answer which he returned sod the note ritten to her by art julia
	layer_6: the following was the answer which she returned sod the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_8: the following was the answer which he returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_10: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_12: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia

file: 1255-74899-0003.flac
expected: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_2: i should ot kno hawded drink wie with them and shoud do a hundr efthings whic woa make hemething mhe arbeast
	layer_4: i should not know howdo drink wine with them and shed do a hundre o things which well make theme think me a beast
	layer_6: i should not know how to drink wine with them and sheu do a hundrd  things which wuld make them think me a beast
	layer_8: i shall not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_10: i shall not know how to drink wine with them and she do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_12: i shall not know how to drink wine with them and she do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast

file: 1255-74899-0004.flac
expected: but the girl begged for some delay
	layer_2: buot the gard bat for some dta day
	layer_4: bot the girld baked for some de day
	layer_6: but the girl begked for some deday
	layer_8: but the girl beked for some deday
	layer_10: but the girl beked for some deday
	layer_12: but the girl beked for some deday

file: 1255-74899-0005.flac
expected: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_2: it was amattof the requared to be considered
	layer_4: it was a mat of the drequiretd to be considered
	layer_6: it was a mattof thet require to be considered
	layer_8: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_10: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_12: it was a matter that required to be considered

file: 1255-74899-0006.flac
expected: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_2: prid ind him might ias wek as prid on thenm
	layer_4: pride in him might be as weak as pride an then
	layer_6: pride ind him might be as weak as prigde in them
	layer_8: pride in him might be as weak as pridt in them
	layer_10: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_12: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them

file: 1255-74899-0007.flac
expected: if they would put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_2: iv her wele put out their hands to him why should hou refuse to put hou dhisown
	layer_4: i ere were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out dhisown
	layer_6: ifhey were put out their hands to him why should he refused to put out his own
	layer_8: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_10: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_12: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own

file: 1255-74899-0008.flac
expected: our tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his client and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_2: art tala received him courtiously hadving learned to like the man undestaning that hel had behaild with honesty and wisdom in regard to his cland andrespecting him as one of the work es of the day but he declared that fol the lovel family as a family he did not care for themparticuly
	layer_4: our tailar received him curtiously having learned to like the man understaning that heh had behaived with honesty and wisdom in regard to his cland and respecting him as one of the work es of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for themparticulae
	layer_6: ar tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that h had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particulrly
	layer_8: artaylor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_10: artaylor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_12: artaylor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly

file: 1255-74899-0009.flac
expected: they are poles asunder from me he said
	layer_2: they a poles a sande fror me he said
	layer_4: they ar poles a sander from me he said
	layer_6: they are pols a sander from me he said
	layer_8: they are polesd a sander from me he said
	layer_10: they are pouls asander from me he said
	layer_12: they are pouls asander from me he said

file: 1255-74899-0010.flac
expected: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_2: but by your good fortun amerritif you ill allame to say soa you have trouveof from the one pol very fart oaldse other
	layer_4: but by your good fortune amerritif you will allarmy to say so you have travele from the one pole very far toards the other
	layer_6: but by your good fortune a meritif you will allow me to say so you have travel from the one pole very far toward the other
	layer_8: but by your good fortune and merritive you will allow me to say so you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_10: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_12: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other

file: 1255-74899-0011.flac
expected: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_2: a preasent i thic thof the sens of the countries an favor of an arristoccracy of burth
	layer_4: e present i thinkthef the sense of the countries in favour of an aristocracy of burth
	layer_6: a present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of burth
	layer_8: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_10: at present i think that the scense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_12: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth

file: 1255-74899-0012.flac
expected: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_2: whenk you r for most amonglen tid you not wish to be their master
	layer_4: when you wer for most amongthem did you not wish to be their master
	layer_6: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_8: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_10: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_12: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master

file: 1255-74899-0013.flac
expected: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_2: it his on to wico legassisive anal human eforet should and must tend
	layer_4: it is wone to mial legicitive and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_6: it is one to mich jall legicative and all human eforts should and must tend
	layer_8: it is one to wich all legiscative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_10: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_12: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend

file: 1255-74899-0014.flac
expected: when you make much water boil mister thwaite some of it will probably boil over
	layer_2: when you made much wat a boilmisto fhad so that wle probamly boilover
	layer_4: when you make much water boile mister fat soltit will probably boil over
	layer_6: when you make much water boil mister fhee saetit will probably boil over
	layer_8: when you make much water boil mister frat solvit will probably boil over
	layer_10: when you make much water boil mister fate sov it will probably boil over
	layer_12: when you make much water boil mister fate soveit will probably boil over

file: 1255-74899-0015.flac
expected: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_2: i quite e gree with you that the silgns shu be kept for their elders and sai the convesation was ended
	layer_4: ay quite a gree with you that the silkgams shoud be kept for their ilders and sa the conversation was ended
	layer_6: ai quite agree with you that the silk gams should be kept for their elders and sa the conversation was ended
	layer_8: ai quite agree with you that the silk gawms should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_10: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_12: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended

file: 1255-74899-0016.flac
expected: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_2: with her the was a realwish that the pols migh bejoined together by haf outur husband
	layer_4: with her there was a real wish that the poles might bejoined together by her future husband
	layer_6: with her there was a real wish that the poles might bejoined together by her future husband
	layer_8: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_10: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_12: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband

file: 1255-74899-0017.flac
expected: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_2: hif you realy wishud you sho go he said
	layer_4: hive you really wishi you shal go he said
	layer_6: if you realiwishin you shall go he said
	layer_8: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_10: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_12: if you really wish it you shall go he said

file: 1255-74899-0018.flac
expected: and a blue one to be married in alas me
	layer_2: and a blue one to bebaridin husasd me
	layer_4: and a blue one to be marriden ha laskd me
	layer_6: and a blue one to be married ing hu askd me
	layer_8: and a blue one to be married in hull asked me
	layer_10: and a blue one to be married in hal as me
	layer_12: and a blue one to be married in hal ass me

file: 1255-74899-0019.flac
expected: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_2: must i have a pink sil goun to walk about in earli inthe morning
	layer_4: must i have a pink siltk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_6: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_8: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_10: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_12: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning

file: 1255-74899-0020.flac
expected: i'd sooner see you darning my worsted stockings sweetheart
	layer_2: i soonas e' downed my worstd hin stocking thasweetheart
	layer_4: a soon ase dawned my worst in stocking the sweet heart
	layer_6: i soon as you darwned my worst in stocking the swreetheart
	layer_8: a soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart
	layer_10: as soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart
	layer_12: as soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart

file: 1255-74899-0021.flac
expected: i can do that too
	layer_2: i coan' dot hat too
	layer_4: i can do t had too
	layer_6: i can doth had too
	layer_8: i can doth had too
	layer_10: i can do that too
	layer_12: i can do that too

file: 1255-74899-0022.flac
expected: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_2: and now il sit down nridarlette the my lord
	layer_4: and ni i'll sit down an rit a let er o my lord
	layer_6: and ow i'll sit down and ride a letter to my lord
	layer_8: and ow will sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_10: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_12: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord

file: 1255-90413-0000.flac
expected: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_2: she drawsd close anda satisfies
	layer_4: she drawsed close and satisviese
	layer_6: she drawsd close and satisfies
	layer_8: she draws close and satisfiecs
	layer_10: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_12: she draws close and satisfies

file: 1255-90413-0001.flac
expected: he could not forget missus pine avon's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_2: he could not forget missus pin ovan's eyes ther he remembert nothing of her other facial detells
	layer_4: he could not forget missus pin oven's eyes thoug he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_6: he could not forget missus pineovan's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_8: he could not forget missus pinaoven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_10: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_12: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details

file: 1255-90413-0002.flac
expected: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_2: afterwards they kept a part a will in the droyine roim for form sake but haventulbe graveitated s together a gaine and finishd the evening ianeach other's comparny
	layer_4: afterwards they kept a part a wil in the drawing room for form sake but hev entually gravitateds together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_6: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawingroom for form sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_8: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_10: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_12: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company

file: 1255-90413-0003.flac
expected: but this was not all
	layer_2: but this was not all
	layer_4: but this was not all
	layer_6: but this was not all
	layer_8: but this was not all
	layer_10: but this was not all
	layer_12: but this was not all

file: 1255-90413-0004.flac
expected: but was he able
	layer_2: but wase able
	layer_4: but was he able
	layer_6: but was he able
	layer_8: but was he able
	layer_10: but was he able
	layer_12: but was he able

file: 1255-90413-0005.flac
expected: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_2: it was unfire to go further without telning her even thugh hither to such expicatnics had not ben abcoldletetly demanded
	layer_4: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though ithertwo such explicidness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_6: it was unfar to gov further without telling her even though hitherto such explicidness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_8: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_10: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_12: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded

file: 1255-90413-0006.flac
expected: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_2: he determinee toaccolimetitely on the new incanation
	layer_4: he determined to call imeditely on the new incarnation
	layer_6: he determined to call imediately on the new incalrnation
	layer_8: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_10: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_12: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation

file: 1255-90413-0007.flac
expected: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_2: she ive not far from the long fashonable hemptanthousquare and he went the theue witeh expectations of having a highdy amotional time ateleast
	layer_4: she livfe not far from the long fashionable hemptonshou square and he went thetheuh with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_6: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonsha square and he went thitherh with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_8: she lived not far from the long fashionable hampton sha square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_10: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_12: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least

file: 1255-90413-0008.flac
expected: but somehow the very bell pull seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_2: but somemho that van y belple seemed co al though she had si arnstly asked hem to come
	layer_4: but somehow that veny belpul seemed col although she had sir earnestly asked him to come
	layer_6: but somehow the very bellpools seemed coald although she had sor ernestly asked him to come
	layer_8: but somehow the very bellpools seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_10: but somehow the very bell pools seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_12: but somehow the very bell pools seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come

file: 1255-90413-0009.flac
expected: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in the chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_2: rasing her eyes an a slightely enquaring tan o from the bookshe was reading she lent backan her chair as if soking herself in luxkuordious ensations which had nothig to do with him and repliedd o his greeating with a few combum place words
	layer_4: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manne from the bookshe was reading she lent back in her chair as if soking herself in luxorious sensationsw which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greting with a few commomn place words
	layer_6: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_8: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_10: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_12: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words

file: 1255-90413-0010.flac
expected: just as they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_2: justas they turm te derr in to porgt in the space of a single night so this old er has been takeen and doctreden tristed about hom broght outors ar new popila dity ind ed
	layer_4: just as they turn madeira intorport in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctord and tristed about ham brought out as a new popular dity inded
	layer_6: just as they turn madeira interport in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and tristed about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_8: just as they turn madeira interport in the space of a single night so this old aeir has been taken and doctord and tristed about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_10: just as they turn medeira into port in the space of a single night so this old eir has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_12: just as they turn medeira into port in the space of a single night so this old eir has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed

file: 1255-90413-0011.flac
expected: she thawed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_2: she thoughd a little and then vhey were on to tookg about her huse which a be nulypeinted and decorated with grenish blue satin up to the height of a personce ead an arrangement that somehot improved er slightly faded thostil prety face and as helped by the arnings overthe windows
	layer_4: she thought a little and then they wet ont to talok about her house which have bee newly peinted and decorated with greenish blue sat in up to the height of a personts ead and arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded thogs still pretty face and mushelped by the ownings ever the windows
	layer_6: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which havd been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's ead an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and as helped by the ownings over the windows
	layer_8: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_10: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_12: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows

file: 1255-90413-0012.flac
expected: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_2: hs s i have had my has some yas shebservet complacently ad i l iey better everyar
	layer_4: yess i have had my hus some years she observed complecantly and i like ot better every year
	layer_6: yes i have had my hous some years she observed complaicently and i likeyou better every year
	layer_8: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like you better every year
	layer_10: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like you better every year
	layer_12: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like you better every year

file: 1255-90413-0013.flac
expected: don't you feel lonely in it sometimes o never
	layer_2: don't you field la in it sometimes oh neveer
	layer_4: don't you feld lanin it sometimes oh never
	layer_6: don't you feel lei an it sometimes oh never
	layer_8: don't you feel liny in it sometimes oh never
	layer_10: don't you feel liny in it sometimes oh never
	layer_12: don't you feel lily in it sometimes oh never

file: 1255-90413-0014.flac
expected: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_2: what an an sivilthingto say she murmed in s arprice
	layer_4: what an ancivilthing to say she murmuredin surprise
	layer_6: what an ansivilthing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_8: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_10: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_12: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise

file: 1255-90413-0015.flac
expected: it is rather uncivil
	layer_2: it is rotheransivil
	layer_4: it is rather ancivil
	layer_6: it is rather ancivil
	layer_8: it is rather uncivil
	layer_10: it is rather uncivil
	layer_12: it is rather uncivil

file: 1255-90413-0016.flac
expected: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_2: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but theft intofind his way ot as he could
	layer_4: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left into find his way out as he could
	layer_6: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_8: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_10: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_12: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could

file: 1255-90413-0017.flac
expected: i saw him at lady channelcliffe's the other night
	layer_2: i saw hm at lady chennlclive se othe night
	layer_4: i saw him at lady chentlclifse other night
	layer_6: i saw him at lady chunnle clifsthe other night
	layer_8: i saw him at lady channelcliffsthe other night
	layer_10: i saw him at lady channeldcliff's the other night
	layer_12: i saw him at lady channeldcliff's the other night

file: 1255-90413-0018.flac
expected: jocelyn pierston
	layer_2: josil inpearst in
	layer_4: josil imperscedon
	layer_6: jossil in piercton
	layer_8: jossellyn perston
	layer_10: joscelyn pierston
	layer_12: joscelyn perston

file: 1255-90413-0019.flac
expected: o didn't he marry her
	layer_2: oh didn'ty maryher
	layer_4: oh didn't y marry her
	layer_6: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_8: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_10: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_12: oh didn't he marry her

file: 1255-90413-0020.flac
expected: said missus pine avon with a start
	layer_2: said missus pin ovfenm with the start
	layer_4: said missus plin ovrn with a start
	layer_6: said missus plinapan with a start
	layer_8: said missus plinapen with a start
	layer_10: said missus plynaven with a start
	layer_12: said missus plynaven with a start

file: 1255-90413-0021.flac
expected: but jocelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_2: bhut joslem as receeding from the prety id ois house with long stridts
	layer_4: but jostlem was receeding from the pretty wida's house with long strides
	layer_6: but jostlim was receding from the prettywidow's house with long strides
	layer_8: but jocelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_10: but joscelym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_12: but joscelym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides

file: 1255-90413-0022.flac
expected: lady iris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shown in there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine avon
	layer_2: lherdy auris had left the droing rom from moment to see that al was right in the daningrom a hen he was shurniin therstod alone in the lampblight necall upi n ave emn
	layer_4: ladyaris had left t the drawing room fra moment to see that allwas right in the dining room an when he was sunian therstod alone in the lamplight nickhl upin av hem
	layer_6: ladyaris had left to the drawing room for a moment to see that allwas right in the diningroom and when he was shonyan ther stood alone in the lamp light nickhl apine avnm
	layer_8: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shenin there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine evn
	layer_10: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was schournin there stood alone in the lamplight nicholapine even
	layer_12: lady arris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shounin there stood alone in the lamplight nicholapyne even

file: 1255-90413-0023.flac
expected: she had been the first arrival
	layer_2: she had been the fuerst a rival
	layer_4: she had been the first arrival
	layer_6: she had been the first arrival
	layer_8: she had been the first arrival
	layer_10: she had been the first arrival
	layer_12: she had been the first arrival

file: 1255-90413-0024.flac
expected: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_2: as he otr gueststroppedt in the par retrated into a shady corner and she talked beside him til al moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_4: as he other guests tropped in the par retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_6: as the other guests dropped in the pare retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_8: as the other guests dropped in the paire retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_10: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_12: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking

file: 1255-90413-0025.flac
expected: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_2: he had not ben appointed to take er acrosst o the daining room but f the table fand her exactly opocie
	layer_4: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but if the table faund her exactly opposite
	layer_6: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_8: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_10: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_12: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite

file: 1255-90413-0026.flac
expected: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_2: the spring in the present case was the oartistic commondation she deserved and craved
	layer_4: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_6: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_8: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_10: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_12: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved

file: 1255-90413-0027.flac
expected: the lady on jocelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_2: the ady on jostenancs left wife of a lord o justhic of of appel was in like manner tolking to herc am panon on the outerside so that for the time he was left tod to himself
	layer_4: the lady on josstolan's left wife of a law to justice of of appeal was in like manner talking to herkcampanion on the outerside so that for the time he was leftt to himself
	layer_6: the lady on jostonlan's left wife of a lawd d justice rof appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_8: the lady on jostline's left wife of a lawd justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_10: the lady on jostlin's left wife of a lawd justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_12: the lady on jostlin's left wife of a lawd justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself

file: 1255-90413-0028.flac
expected: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommend as candidate for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_2: it came from the wife f of one of his fathrs form a workmen and wus con sernning hers son whom she bege d juostlanto recommend as conded it for some postd in torne that su wished him to fill
	layer_4: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and wust concerning her son whom she beged jostlin to recommand a's counded it for some post in town that ye wished him to fill
	layer_6: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and was concerning her son whom she begged jostlin to recommandrs coundedite for some post in town that syheu wished him to fill
	layer_8: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joselyne to recommand ers caundidit for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_10: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommanders candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_12: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joscelyn to recommander's candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill

file: 1585-131718-0000.flac
expected: what is necessary to the completeness of the story at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of threads woven in and follow them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of events can be seen
	layer_2: what is neci sory to the comqpleness of the stoa at thisdage its not to re capidto laht bu to take up some of thei loose ands of thethrancs wo ening and followed than  throu un to the clear and comprehendstho picture of the vans can be seaing
	layer_4: what is necessary to the compleanus of the story at this stage is not to re capito late but to take up some of thei loose ands of te thrancs wovening and followed than thruwh unto the clear and comprehensthe picture of the vend's can be sene
	layer_6: what is necessary to the complenous of the stary at this stage its not to re apit olate but to take up some of the loose ends of te thrancs wo vening and followed them through unti the clear and comprehends the picture of the vens can be seen
	layer_8: what is necessary to the compleness of the stary at this stage is not to redk capitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of the thract wo ening and followed them through until the clear and comprehense picture of the vents can be seen
	layer_10: what is necessary to the completest of the stary at this stage is not to re capitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of the thret woeranding and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the evants can be seen
	layer_12: what is necessary to the completest of the stary at this stage is not to rea hapitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of the threat woe raning and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen

file: 1585-131718-0001.flac
expected: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_2: the way l lhy ventor his hard
	layer_4: the wadlyn vanter his hard
	layer_6: the waldlhinventor his hard
	layer_8: the wailed he inventor is hard
	layer_10: the wailed the inventor is hard
	layer_12: the wailed the inventor is hard

file: 1585-131718-0002.flac
expected: he can sometimes raise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a distressful cost of personal surrender
	layer_2: he can sometimes r eis cabitoteto halp him the working oaut his crutd consaptions but i w then it is freqny done at iat his ress fa coshtd a persmaos arander
	layer_4: hecan sometimes eri is cabitu to help him the working out his crued conceptions but in then it is freqeny done at it istress facoust a persoastarrander
	layer_6: he can sometimes werehis cabitode to help him then working out his crude conceptions but iv then it is frequently done ant a dis tressfocoshtd a personmal csurrander
	layer_8: he can sometimes re his capito to help him hen working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done and a disdressfulcocht a personal surrander
	layer_10: he can sometimes r his cabita to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done and a distressful cashtd a personal surrender
	layer_12: he can sometimes ra his cabitna to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done and a disdressful cachtd a personal surrender

file: 1585-131718-0003.flac
expected: when the result is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of material or of effort and then labor often awaits with crushing and tyrannical spirit to smash the apparatus or forbid its very use
	layer_2: when te resoutis a chievfed the eventii makes  is the pal on the schore of ty conomy on matori ou off effored and then lay er opan awaigtds with crusing in to ranni caos spirit dismashe the apparves of or bid is verus
	layer_4: when the resout is archieve the evention mikes its the pale on the schore of thecoomy on matiri o off effort and then laybor ofpin ha waites with crushing intorannicao spirit dismashe the apaaduse of forbid is very use
	layer_6: when the resount is achieved the eventonmakes its appal on the score of teconomy of motiore a of effort and then la bor ofpen the wades with crushing in tyranico spirit dismashed the aparradacs of herbi is vary use
	layer_8: when the resout is achieved the ivention makes its appeail on the score of economy of mateoria a off afford and then laboere often nwades with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismashe the aparadus of forbid its very use
	layer_10: when the resound is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of meteuria au off effort and then labor of ennaades with crushing and tyrannica spirit dismash the apparadus of forbid its very use
	layer_12: when the resound is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of meteuria ou of effort and then labor of enauades with crushing and tyrannical spirit dismash the apparadus of forbid its very use

file: 1585-131718-0004.flac
expected: possibly our national optimism as revealed in invention the seeking a higher good needs some check
	layer_2: possibilly orenation or obtosom as werle rauting the vantion the seking bhe higha goot nit somechack
	layer_4: possibilly our onation optism as we buting the rention the seeking the high a good net some chack
	layer_6: possibily our unationof opotism as pe buting the rention the seeking bhe high good net some chack
	layer_8: possibly our innationa optism as remuting the rention the seeking the highr good net some chack
	layer_10: possibly our national optism as rebuting the rantion the seeking the highr good net some chack
	layer_12: possibly our national optism as rebuting the rantion the seeking the higher good net some chack

file: 1585-131718-0005.flac
expected: possibly the leaders would travel too fast and too far on the road to perfection if conservatism did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession move forward as a whole
	layer_2: posivlly the lites woild travebred two fast n to far on thei ro of frfaction if consei idisn did not als of plate soludory part an insisting that the procession of forwared asa ho
	layer_4: posivily the littus would traveed too fast and two fart on the rote of frfection if consevetizen did not alse o plaed solutary part an insisting that the procession move forward asa ho
	layer_6: posibaly the littus would travel too fast and too fart on the rote of affection if consevitizen did not also plaed solutary part ininsisting that the procession move forward ascaho
	layer_8: possibily the littes would travel too fast and too far on the rote of effection if consevitizen did not also played salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward ass a ho
	layer_10: possibly the lid es would travel too fast and too far on the rode of prefection if conselvitisen did not also play it salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward ass a ho
	layer_12: possibly the lides would travel too fast and too far on the rode of prefection if conselvinizen did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward as a hoe

file: 1585-131718-0006.flac
expected: on the contrary the conditions for its acceptance had been ripening fast
	layer_2: on a contory the condutions for it ofsebtions hap be rigt o the fast
	layer_4: on he contery the conditions for his afceptions h beeng right t i ad fast
	layer_6: on the contary the condirtions for its efceptions hav being rightyad fast
	layer_8: on the contrary the condirtions for its eceptions have been rightl an fast
	layer_10: on the contrary the condirtions for its eceptions have been right and fast
	layer_12: on the contrary the condirtions for its eceptions have been right and fast

file: 1585-131718-0007.flac
expected: yet the very vogue of the electric arc light made harder the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_2: yes the very bog of the lataric ardlight made hariort the arrivble of the incondessend
	layer_4: yedt the very bogo of the latric artlight made harror the arivale of the incondessened
	layer_6: ye the very bogo of the elatric artlight made harror the arrival of the incondestinet
	layer_8: yet the very bogo of the elatric artlight made harrdor the arrival of the incandectent
	layer_10: yet the very bogo of the electric art light made harrer the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_12: yet the very bogo of the electric art light made harder the arrival of the incandescent

file: 1585-131718-0008.flac
expected: a number of parent arc lighting companies were in existence and a great many local companies had been called into being under franchises for commercial business and to execute regular city contracts for street lighting
	layer_2: a number of parend arklinn compens or a in einxistancs and a great imany loc acomeiiss hapen cid into thing oundeffrienchise for comer shl business ano exetcute ragula citi contracts for t street line
	layer_4: a number of parents arclineing compance were  in enxistence and a greatem any localcome niss ha been cild into hing under friendshise for comer sho business and to executde ragula citi contracts fro the streeghtlini
	layer_6: a number of parent archlining compance where  iexistence and a great many locacomniss have been ciled into ven under frienshis for comer chabusiness and to exacute ragulocitic contracts from the streeht lining
	layer_8: a number of parent arclining compannts weref i existence and a great many local compnits havd been ciled intervene under frenchise for commercia business and to execute regulacitic contracts from the street lining
	layer_10: a number of parent arc lining companints were in existence and a great many local componiests have been cailed intervene under frenchise for commercial business and to execute regulacitic contracts from the street lining
	layer_12: a number of parent arc lining companints were f in existence and a great many local componiests have been qaled intervene under frenchise for commercial business and to execute regulacitic contracts from the street lining

file: 1585-131718-0009.flac
expected: thus in a curious manner the modern art of electric lighting was in a very true sense divided against itself with intense rivalries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurred in a field where ultimate union of forces was inevitable
	layer_2: thas and the curr's menner they mo knort of elatre linig woaes ing af veryg ehooe sane iviead againshis self with intones reveries and jealouses which were no the las rel whecase they were by tempeory and eccurdinghe foud where autimate euning of the force wores in aftible
	layer_4: thus and the curus mennerd they ma nard of helactrylining orsing a verage wosanse ivied againsthis self with intins reberies and jealouses which were non thelass real ecouset they were byt tempory and occurreding th fhout where outtimate uning of the force wers inaftable
	layer_6: thus and the curus manered the manard of elactary lining warsing a varage ho sentse divired against hitself with intimes reberies and jealouses which were none the less ral becaust they were by temporary and occurrding the thout where autimate uning of the force wars inapitable
	layer_8: thus and the curous mannered the monard of luctary ligning we seng a veryae tru cents divied against itself with in times reberies and jealouses which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurrding thout where autimate uning in the force was inevitable
	layer_10: thus an the curious manner the modnard of luctry lining was seeng af very true sense divided against itself with in times reveries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurrding that where altimate uning in the force was inevitable
	layer_12: thus an the curious manner the modnard of luctary lining was seeng of very true sence divided against itself with in times rebberies and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurring withat where altimate euning in the force was inevitable

file: 1585-131718-0010.flac
expected: hence twenty years after the first edison stations were established the methods they involved could be fairly credited with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_2: hans tweny years after the first avisnmistation wer es stalished the mat theird s tey invoved could be faily croet with no les tan six yseven prsend
	layer_4: hance twenty years after the first avicon ostation were staplished the matherdstey invoved could be faily crodit with no les than six ty seven peresend
	layer_6: hance twenty years after the first avison mestation were estaplished the mat thards tey involved could be faily crowd it with no less than sixty seven prcent
	layer_8: hence twenty years after the first adison  station were established the methirds tey involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven percent
	layer_10: hence twenty years after the first addison station were established the methirds tay involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven percent
	layer_12: hence twenty years after the first addison station were established the methirds tay involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven percent

file: 1585-131718-0011.flac
expected: it will be readily understood that under these conditions the modern lighting company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dynamo electric machinery as a source of current and that the old feud as between the rival systems has died out
	layer_2: it wil bea radly un marstoeo that ownder these conditions the mard lining compu surplise to ids customest both in tendesened and arcgliining freqenly from the same doenamel elctrek macshi nary asedas suors of carend and tha the ow fod ask betun they rie wasistence has ied out
	layer_4: it will be radly and mistoo that oender these conditions the maud ligning cump y supplised o wids ustomris both incondosand and arclining frequently from the same diename eluctrick machinary askd his sores of carrened and thou the owef fod askd betwun the rie was sistance hase ied out
	layer_6: it will be readly undbestoord that onder these conditions the moudlighting hompy supplied owids customeris both incand ecend and arglihning frequently from the same dinamel elutric machinary as the sours or currend and thou the owef food as betwen the riveal istance hast died aut
	layer_8: it will be readily understood that uunder these conditions the mod lighting cumpny supplies to its customers both incandesend and art lighting frequently from the same denameal eluctric machinery as the souers of current and that the ow of food as between the ribal istance has died at
	layer_10: it will be readily understood that uunder these conditions the mod lighting companey supplies to its customers both incandescent and art lighting frequently from the same dynamel electric machinery as the soers of current and that the ow f food as between the ribal sistance has died ot
	layer_12: it will be readily understood that iunder these conditions the mod lighting companey supplies to its customers both incandescent and art lighting frequently from the same dynamel electric machinery as the surers of current and that the oweof food as between the ribal distance has died at

file: 1585-131718-0012.flac
expected: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have been chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great edison lighting companies in the leading cities
	layer_2: in tfact for some years paased there rhusidence of ther nati now elatric ihd as sotiation happein chowson olmost ex closeivelly for om emong the maniageres ope the great all snd linincomptes in the liting sidis
	layer_4: in fact for some nyear's pased therir rusidence of tha nation noelactric lihd association happeen chosen almost exclusively for am temong the managers of the great adisn linting comptness in the liding citis
	layer_6: in fact for some years past their hesidents ofte nation a elactric lide association happen chosen almost exclusively foram among the managers of the great alisont linting comenoss in the lading citus
	layer_8: in fact for some years past their residents af the national electric lied association happien chosen alamost exclusively formam among the managers of the great alisont lignting compness in the leading citis
	layer_10: in fact for some years past their residents of the national electric lihed association happing chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great alessont lining compnes in the leading citizs
	layer_12: in fact for some years past their residents af the national electric lighed association happ ping chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great alessont lining compnes in the leading citizs

file: 1585-131718-0013.flac
expected: the other strong opposition to the incandescent light came from the gas industry
	layer_2: the other stron oborsition to the encondessenlighd came from the gas indusrow
	layer_4: the other stran orbosition to the incondescinlight came from the ganst indes ru
	layer_6: the other strown ourborsition to the incondescin liht came from the gans endis row
	layer_8: the other strang opposition to the incandescinliet came from the gas indis rew
	layer_10: the other strong opposition to the incandescenlinte came from the gas indisrew
	layer_12: the other strong opposition to the incandescen line came from the gas indisrew

file: 1585-131718-0014.flac
expected: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_2: theirealso the most pet r feeling was shon
	layer_4: therealso the most beater feeling was shon
	layer_6: there also the most beterfeeling was shone
	layer_8: there also the most better feeling was shown
	layer_10: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_12: there also the most bitter feeling was shown

file: 1585-131718-0015.flac
expected: the gas manager did not like the arc light but it interfered only with his street service which was not his largest source of income by any means
	layer_2: the gaas managerd in no like arcliede but e intoferd only with his treet servic wher oose not hist lar i sourceop in come by anymies
	layer_4: the gasmanaga did not like aurclied but a intiferred only with his street service wher soores not his larde sourceiop income by anymies
	layer_6: the gasmanager did not like aurklied but it interferred only with his street service whir swares not his lardissourcive income by enemies
	layer_8: the gas manager did not like arcklidte but it interferred only with his treat service whicchwas not his lar dissource ofe income by enemies
	layer_10: the gas manager did not like arclide but it interferred only with his treat service which was not his large ssourc of income by enemies
	layer_12: the gas manager did not like arclide but it interferred only with his treat service which was not his largessourceof income by enemies

file: 1585-131718-0016.flac
expected: here again was given a most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for its enemies
	layer_2: here again wasgeven the most conveinsing dee mus tration of the tru that suchan adition to the resourses of mein kind a ways cares with it unsuspactled bannofits even for his animis
	layer_4: here again res given the most convingsing demistration of the tru that such an adition to the resources of mankind oh ways carris with it onsuspactmed banefits even for his anemis
	layer_6: here again wrasgivin the most convinsing demostration of the true that such an addition to the resources of mannkind alhways carres with it unsuspacted banefits even for his animis
	layer_8: here again was given the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carroess with it unsuspacted benefits even for his enimis
	layer_10: here again was given the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carioes with it unsuspacted benefits even for his enemies
	layer_12: here again was given the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carius with it unsuspacted benefits even for his enemies

file: 1585-131718-0017.flac
expected: this was not long nor universally the spirit shown and to day in hundreds of cities the electric and gas properties are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_2: theis was not lon kno  ou norcsly thispirt i shone an to day in hunders of sitice they lackt turaikan gas proveise are younight at onder that one mamighment which des not find it ing possible to putsh ing the friendly am progressaway the youso both euluminuntcs
	layer_4: thise was not lawn no unorously thispirtis shon annd to day an hundress of citie they lactray can gas proverse are uniht it under that one mamagement which des not find it impossible to putsh ing the friendly an progressaway the use of both eluminunce
	layer_6: this was not lown no unorously the spirtist shone annde to day an hundrers of citest the lactrice and gas provese are unite it under that one mamagement which does not find it impossible to puish in the friendly and progressivdway the use of both illuminantes
	layer_8: this was not long no unerusly the spirt is shown and to day en hundrs of citest the electrice and gas proverse are united under tha one management which does not find it impossible to puish in he friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminantes
	layer_10: this was not long nough unevrsally the spiritis shown and to day e hundreds of sittirs the electric and gas province are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to push in the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_12: this was not long nough univrsally the spiritis shown and to day a hundreds of sittiers the electric and gas province are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to push in the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminante

file: 1585-131718-0018.flac
expected: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_2: the most conspegy was usam po theise idendy of venterest is gaveenying new your iself
	layer_4: the most conspegiwus izam of these identy of interest is givening knew your cuself
	layer_6: the most conspiguous ezamp of thise idanty of interest is givening new york iself
	layer_8: the most conspicuous exxamp of this idenity of interest is givening new york iself
	layer_10: the most conspicuous example of this identiy of interest is given in new york iself
	layer_12: the most conspicuous example of this identiy of interest is given in new york iself

file: 1585-131718-0019.flac
expected: so much for the early opposition of which there was plenty
	layer_2: so much for the ealy obosition of which theire werepsplendy
	layer_4: so much for the early orbosition of which there wereopsplendy
	layer_6: so much for the early obosition of which they re were psplenty
	layer_8: so much for the early opposition of which ther were splenty
	layer_10: so much for the early opposition of which ther wersplenty
	layer_12: so much for the early opposition of which there werksplenty

file: 1585-131718-0020.flac
expected: but it may be questioned whether inertia is not equally to be dreaded with active ill will
	layer_2: bu emay be questiont where ther inursies not equalli o be dra id with actof e will
	layer_4: bu a may be questioned whether inersieris not equally to be draded with act of e will
	layer_6: but it may be questioned whether in ertier is not equally to be drautded with act of uwell
	layer_8: but it may be questioned whether in eartir s not equally to be drauted with act of uwell
	layer_10: but it may be questioned whether in ertiear is not equally to be drauded with act of uwell
	layer_12: but it may be questioned whether in ertier is not equally to be drauded with act of uwell

file: 1585-131718-0021.flac
expected: of course a great many accounts were written and read but while genuine interest was aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_2: of course a gramany couns were retin and rad but wiy wo jhani  interoistpos aroust it was neces seruly ipathatic
	layer_4: of course a greayem any counts were readon and rad but why wou gania interestpos aroused it was necessarily epathatic
	layer_6: of course a gray many counts were readen and rad but why wihjanul interestpris aroused it was necessarily epathatic
	layer_8: of course a greay many counts were readen and rad but why ujenuo interestpwas aroused it was necessarily epathetic
	layer_10: of course a great manyaccounts were readen and read but why u genual interest was aroused it was necessarily epathetic
	layer_12: of course a great many accounts were readen and read but why u genual interest was aroused it was necessarily epathetic

file: 1585-131718-0022.flac
expected: we got it at a great bargain and only paid a small sum down and the balance on mortgage
	layer_2: whr god d athe gree barken and only patece more some dem an the balas n wat o gage
	layer_4: wat god ad at the greep barken and only patust more some damn and the balact an wat eogage
	layer_6: whe god at at the gree barkin and only pat us more some dam and the balaston watogage
	layer_8: wen got it at the gree barkin and only paid us more sumdam and the ballaston wadgage
	layer_10: we god it at the gre barcain and only paid us more sumdamn and the ballaston wadigage
	layer_12: we god it at the greey barcain and only paid us more sumdamn and the ballaston wadigage

file: 1585-131718-0023.flac
expected: we sold them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_2: wers sal them for foure sance by they aewere anly bout twnyu wath thor ys ousans of them
	layer_4: whis se them for four e tence but theyre were only boud tweni a thirius thousands of them
	layer_6: wus sew them for fourte sanse but theyere were only about twenty or thirys thousands of them
	layer_8: woul see them for fourty sence but the were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them
	layer_10: would salled them for fourty sence but ther were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them
	layer_12: would salled them for forty cence but ther were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them

file: 1585-131718-0024.flac
expected: the fourth year i got it down to thirty seven cents and i made all the money up in one year that i had lost previously
	layer_2: the forthear i gode doan toiah thoty seven sans an amade ale the mony at in one year that i howlas prevusly
	layer_4: the fourth year i godedon to thoty seven sance and amade all the mony at in one year that i halast prevously
	layer_6: the fourth year i guodi done to thoty seven sence and amade all the money at in one year that i ha lased previously
	layer_8: the fourth year i guaded one to thirty seven sents and a made all the money apt in one year that i had lased previously
	layer_10: the fourth year i guarded on to thirty seven cents and a made all the money apt in one year that i had lastd previously
	layer_12: the fourth year i guarded on to thirty seven cents and a made all the money apt in one year that i had last previously

file: 1585-131718-0025.flac
expected: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_2: onenof the enxcidence which caut a very gread cheepening ors that whene we stdartet one of the imporn processes hado be don by axperts
	layer_4: one of the incidents which causd a very gread cheapening werse that when we started one of the important processes had be doned by axperts
	layer_6: one of the incidents which caust a very great sheapening wars that when we started hene of the important processes had to be done by axperts
	layer_8: one of the incidents which caustd a very great cheavening wars that when we startet one of the important processes had to be done by axperts
	layer_10: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by axperts
	layer_12: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by axperts

file: 1585-131718-0026.flac
expected: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it
	layer_2: af a feeling aromd for some days i got a clu  how a do it
	layer_4: af te feeling around for some days i god a cle  how to do it
	layer_6: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_8: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it
	layer_10: after feeling around for some days i got a cluew how to do it
	layer_12: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it

file: 1585-131718-0027.flac
expected: i then made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_2: a then made an ao ther mashing which doi the word nisely
	layer_4: a then made andother maching which di the wordnizely
	layer_6: i dem made another maching wiche did the work nisely
	layer_8: ithen made another machine which did the work nisely
	layer_10: ithem made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_12: ithem made another machine which did the work nicely

file: 1585-131718-0028.flac
expected: incidentally it may be noted as illustrative of the problems brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison an importer in the chinese trade went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hand power
	layer_2: ensodenly ie may bed belot as los etradtoe of the proan proat  oeatisen dhat ile he had the factoreyi at harrison and impuring the chines reader wen to ham mench wand ed a dainimo to be ron by hind power
	layer_4: incerdently i may be elet ase losestratoph af the prownd prouht stoadisen that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chines trader when to hamemench wanded a dinamale to be rund by hin power
	layer_6: insidently it may be dellged aselestraph of the prowlin prou to adisen that while he had the factory at harison and imporing the chines treador whent to ha ment wanted a donamale to be run by han power
	layer_8: incidentlly it may be delied as lustraduth of the prowing proued to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chines treader went to hi manth wanted a dynamon to be run by hen power
	layer_10: incidentaly it may be delliad s leustradeuth of the prowing proued to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reader went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hen power
	layer_12: incidentlly it may be delliad s iluustradeuth of the prowing proued to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reader went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hem power

file: 1585-131718-0029.flac
expected: for making the dynamos edison secured as noted in the preceding chapter the roach iron works on goerck street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_2: fror make in tha dinomost adtisen s acured ase note in the procelen chabieder thet reoch eiean worson go wor sreet new yurg and this was alsoeequipt
	layer_4: for makin the dinamost addisnce ocurd asked noted in the presedineg chabitoer the roch ye an worson go werk street new york and this wears alsoy quipt
	layer_6: for making the dinamost adusones eccured as note in the preceding chabitor the roach iron worson go work streets new york and this was also e quipped
	layer_8: for making the dynamost addeson secured as noted in the proceding chaviter the roach iron werson go work streets new york and this was also equipped
	layer_10: fom making the dynamost addison secured as noted in the proceding jhaviter the roach iron wors on go work streets new york and this was also equipped
	layer_12: fror making the dynamost addison secured as noted in the proceding jhaviter the roach iron wores on go work streets new york and this was also equipped

file: 1585-131718-0030.flac
expected: to sigmund bergmann who had worked previously with edison on telephone apparatus and phonographs and was already making edison specialties in a small way in a loft on wooster street new york was assigned the task of constructing sockets fixtures meters safety fuses and numerous other details
	layer_2: to sik mond burk man who had wr prevously with abvicsen untello from the pawradisen fon a graps and was alrede making atisen spa ciallytis nassmorl wae in e laft on los der street e ork was asoinl tet hass of construced hin socckets fixtues miters sifty fuses numbmerous ather ethowus
	layer_4: to  sik mond bergman who had worb privusely with avicen untale hrom the paradisen pone agraps ane was aread to making adisem spaciallatis n e smorwa ing ge loft ong loseder street neuyorkd was a sing that house of construct in sockkets fixtures miters sifty fuses a numberous other thetouse
	layer_6: to a sick mond bergman who had were prevously with aison untel e from the paradisn phonograps ane was alread y making adison spacially is in a smore way and oloft un loostrur street new york was assigne the houss of construct and sockkits fixtures mitrs sifty fuses a numerous other thethous
	layer_8: to tha sik mond bergman who had were previously with adison untel ted om the paradis and phonographs an was already making eddison specially tis in a smalle way and go loft ong looseter street new york was assign thed hous of constructing sockkets fixtures mutrs siftyfuses and numberous other details
	layer_10: to the sick mounded bergman who had worked previously with edison untaeb fon the paradis and phonographs annd was already making edison specially thas in a small way and go loft hong loose ter street new york was assignthed house of constructing sockkits fixtures muers sift if fuses an numberous other details
	layer_12: to the sickmounde bergman who had worked previously with edison untatebphon the paradis and phonographs and was already making edison specially thas in a small way and go loft ong loose ter street new york was assignthed house of constructing sockkits fixtures muters sift dif fuses an numberous other details

file: 1585-131718-0031.flac
expected: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electric light company leased the old bishop mansion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fourteenth street for its headquarters and show rooms
	layer_2: an the early part of eigtdingeady one they atisn ilatr ya livte compne leasty od be sharmation at sixty five efift avern close to fording street for his had quaters and show roncs
	layer_4: an the early part of eighting ety one the adin elatry lie company leste odbe charlmation at sixty five hefifth aveny clos to fording street for his had quarters and show roms
	layer_6: in the early part of eighting eighdy one the adizen elactry lined company least e old bi chaw masion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show roims
	layer_8: in the early part of eighten eighty one the ediscon electry lined company least a old be shamashan at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his head quarters and showroims
	layer_10: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electri light company leads a old b shy mashin at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and showrooms
	layer_12: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electri light company leads a old b shy mashin at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and showrooms

file: 1585-131718-0032.flac
expected: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premonitory sign of the surrender of the famous residential avenue to commerce
	layer_2: this wors one of thei fin is homed inthecily of thapuarid and is acuisition was a premonind weres signe off the surander of the fame oiss restn tiaull avenr to commerse
	layer_4: this were s one of the fine is homed in the cily of that pearid and is acquisition was apremoned were signe of the surrander of the famous restnciau avenu to comemerce
	layer_6: this war as one of the finees homed in the cily of tha perod and its acquisition was a premonnd were sign of the surrander of the famous restntial avenue to commerce
	layer_8: this was one of the finest homed in the cily of that perod and its acquisition was a premond wer signed of the surrender of the famous restincuy avenue to commerce
	layer_10: this was one of the finest home in the city of that perod and its acquisition was a premondersigned of the surrender of the famous restinacue avenue to commerce
	layer_12: this was one of the finest home in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premondrersigned of the surrender of the famous restinatiue avenue to commerce

file: 1585-131718-0033.flac
expected: the experience with the little gas engine was rather startling
	layer_2: thexperiiesed with a lattle gass angin was rltheir staurtling
	layer_4: the experiestd with a lattle gas anging was ratheir startling
	layer_6: the experienced with a latle gas anging wash frather startling
	layer_8: the experienced with a latle gas angine was rather startling
	layer_10: the experienced with a latle gas angine was rather startling
	layer_12: the experienced with a latle gas angine was rather startling

file: 1585-131718-0034.flac
expected: one day it was not going very well and i went down to the man in charge and got exploring around
	layer_2: one da it was not going verywow and won dount to the maun ing chrge and god itx puring arount
	layer_4: one day it was not going very whou and t wone dunt to te man in charge and god ex poring araund
	layer_6: one day it was not going very wow and it wen don to the man in charge and god expouring arant
	layer_8: one day it was not going very well and it went dune to the man in charge and got exporing arant
	layer_10: one day it was not going very well and it went dunt to the man in charge and got exporing a rant
	layer_12: one day it was not going very well and it went dunt to the man in charge and got exporing a rant

file: 1585-131718-0035.flac
expected: for the next four or five years sixty five was a veritable beehive day and night
	layer_2: u an ex foral five year suc ti fi was a veri d abobe be hive day an night
	layer_4: te te next forau five year six tefi was a veri he bob be hive da and night
	layer_6: four te next for o five year sixtyfyne was a very debot bee hife day and night
	layer_8: for th next fur o five year sixty fie was a very  bo bee hihe day and night
	layer_10: for the next four or five years sixtyfined was a verib bee hive day and night
	layer_12: for the next four or five years sixtifined was a varibe bee hive day and night

file: 1585-131718-0036.flac
expected: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter neglect of the clock
	layer_2: thet routin was very mucht the same aske thoat at the labour tory ing its uta nacolad of the clork
	layer_4: the rutig was very much the same asked that at the labaratary ing its artta nakolagt of the clorck
	layer_6: the roting was very much the same ask that at the labratary ing its atternackoligte of the clork
	layer_8: the roting was very much the same as that at the laboratary ing its autarnacuelite of the clerk
	layer_10: the rooting was very much the same as that at the laboratary in its artinaculite of the clerk
	layer_12: the rooting was very much the same as that at the laboratary in its artinaculite of the clerk

file: 1585-131718-0037.flac
expected: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a cigar even if i locked them up in my desk they would break it open
	layer_2: i was tell ing te gente mn one dy that i could not keep a secre even they fi lok then myaa ben mi dusk they would break it open
	layer_4: i was telling the gentemen one day that i could not keepb a secre even they fy locked them mid ee y dusk they would break it open
	layer_6: i was telling the gentlemen one day that i could not keep a secre even they find locked them  d nen my dusk they would break it open
	layer_8: i was telling the gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even theyf findlocked them i ud in my dusk they would break it open
	layer_10: i was telling the gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even they un locked them upe in my dusk they would break it open
	layer_12: i was telling the gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even theyf und locked them upe in my dusk they would break it open

file: 1585-131718-0038.flac
expected: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of cigars and who would show them a trick
	layer_2: he suggaster to me that he had afriend over un aith aveniu who mad u subeura grat of segres am who would show them atrack
	layer_4: he sugjested to me that he had a friend over unateh avenue who made a suburea grat of segres and who would show them atrick
	layer_6: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a seburea grade of segres an who would show them a triqke
	layer_8: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a subureer grade of secrets and who would show them a trik
	layer_10: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a suburer grade of secrets and who would show them a trigk
	layer_12: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a suburer grade of secrets and who would show them a tricu

file: 1585-131718-0039.flac
expected: he said he would have some of them made up with hair and old paper and i could put them in without a word and see the result
	layer_2: he sa that he would have some of therm magde awith hear and o paperand i could pit them ming without award and see that resout
	layer_4: he sai that he would have some of therm made ab with har and o paper and i could pu them ing without a ward and seetha resout
	layer_6: he said that he would have some of them made ab with hare and o paper and i could put them ing without a word and see that resout
	layer_8: he said that he would have some of them made ab with hair and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see their resout
	layer_10: he said that he would have some of them made ab with har and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see their resout
	layer_12: he said that he would have some of them made ab with hair and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see their resout

file: 1585-131718-0040.flac
expected: i thought no more about the matter
	layer_2: i houl kno mworiabo the matter
	layer_4: i chau kno more d boy the matter
	layer_6: i thought no mored bou the matter
	layer_8: i thought no mwordabout the matter
	layer_10: i thought no word about the matter
	layer_12: i thought no word about the matter

file: 1585-131718-0041.flac
expected: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_2: i dinte remember andything about it
	layer_4: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_6: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_8: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_10: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_12: i didn't remember anything about it

file: 1585-131718-0042.flac
expected: i was too busy on other things to notice
	layer_2: i was to busyyoun aother things to denotice
	layer_4: i was to busihand ather things to tdenotice
	layer_6: i was to busy oung other things to thenotice
	layer_8: i was too busy ong other things to thenotice
	layer_10: i was too busy among other things to de notice
	layer_12: i was too busy among other things to dhe notice

file: 1585-131718-0043.flac
expected: speaking of those days or nights edison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenyi
	layer_2: spak ing o tho sdaycs of nights adt isnessasys yearsago one of the grea ilinust was ramiy
	layer_4: speaking of thoe tis ofnights antisnenses years ago one of the gra violinest was rameni
	layer_6: speaking of those tas ofknights atusnessas years ago one of the great violenest was ramine
	layer_8: speaking of those days of nights antison says years ago one of the great violinist was ramenie
	layer_10: speaking of those days of knights andison says years ago one of the great violinist was ramenise
	layer_12: speaking of those days of knights andeson says years ago one of the great violinist was ramenise

file: 1585-131718-0044.flac
expected: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_2: whe wial taglk widh medthat i never asked him to bring his vyoling
	layer_4: who woud talk withe me that i never asked him to bring his violing
	layer_6: who would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his violing
	layer_8: who would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his violine
	layer_10: who would talk with me bhat i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_12: who would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his violin

file: 1585-131718-0045.flac
expected: one night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_2: why noht he came with his violing about tove a'clock
	layer_4: why niht he came with his violing about talve o'clock
	layer_6: why niht he came with his violing about teve o'clock
	layer_8: why night he came with his violing about telve o'clock
	layer_10: why not he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_12: why not he came with his violing about twelve o'clock

file: 1585-131718-0046.flac
expected: after that every time he came to new york he used to call at sixty five late at night with his violin
	layer_2: after that ever time he cme to new yorg he us to cawresedo figd late enight with his fiolenced
	layer_4: after that every time he came to new yorg he used to calrsix tefied late anight with his violenhed
	layer_6: after that every time he came to new york he used to cal a sixtyfied late a night with his iolinh
	layer_8: after that every time he came to new york he used to cae ar sxtyfid late a night with his violinc
	layer_10: after that every time he came to new york he used to callret sixtyfie late a night with his violinc
	layer_12: after that every time he came to new york he used to call et sixtifie late a night with his violinc

file: 1585-131718-0047.flac
expected: another visitor who used to give us a good deal of amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the head of the london fire brigade
	layer_2: an other vhisiter whowoud used to giefuss a go dall in usement am pleasure was capaind shar the hard of lendin fiber ygatde
	layer_4: another visitor who wold used to gif us la goo deal eusement and pleasure was kaptain shar the heard of lendan fivberygate
	layer_6: another visitor who whuld used to gif us a good deal emusement and pleasure was captain shar the hard of lenden fiebry gate
	layer_8: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain sha the hard of london fibrary gate
	layer_10: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain sha the hard of london fibry gate
	layer_12: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain shar the haird of london fibrary gate

file: 1585-131718-0048.flac
expected: he would go out among the fire laddies and have a great time
	layer_2: whe wal go out amon the filadies and hath a great time
	layer_4: wh wile go out amon the fi ladies and halt a great time
	layer_6: he will go out amon the fi ladies and haltf a great time
	layer_8: he will go out among the fig ladies and hatf a great time
	layer_10: he will go out among the fi ladies and hath a great time
	layer_12: he will go out among the fi ladies and hath a great time

file: 1585-131718-0049.flac
expected: speaking of telling stories i once got telling a man stories at the harrison lamp factory in the yard as he was leaving
	layer_2: spaking ofh tell hus oris thi went sgodthellyga msjorys at the heris ind len factory and a yard as he was leeaving
	layer_4: speaking of telles ouris hi wenc e god ealia man's dorys at the harrisand lam factory and tha yard as he was leaving
	layer_6: speaking of telles doris i wence god telina ma's dories at the herrison lamd factory and a yard as he was leaving
	layer_8: speaking of talles doris i wence god tallig a man's dories at the harrison lam factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_10: speaking of tallestores i wonce god tallia man'stories at the harrison lamb factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_12: speaking of tallestores i once god tallina man stories at the harrison lamb factory in a yard as he was leaving

file: 1585-131718-0050.flac
expected: it was winter and he was all in furs
	layer_2: het was winder an ho ers alw ing firs
	layer_4: e was winder and h eres alwing first
	layer_6: he was wintered and he wrs awwing first
	layer_8: he was windered and he was owing first
	layer_10: he was winderd and he was owing first
	layer_12: he was winderd and he was owing first

file: 1585-131718-0051.flac
expected: i had nothing on to protect me against the cold
	layer_2: i had nothng ome to protent me af gaist to cold
	layer_4: i had nothing nome to protenct me agaens tecot
	layer_6: i had nothing non to pretect me against e cot
	layer_8: i had nothing none to protect me against a coat
	layer_10: i had nothing nong to protect me against a coat
	layer_12: i had nothing nong to protect me against a coat

file: 1585-131718-0052.flac
expected: then i got pleurisy and had to be shipped to florida for cure
	layer_2: then ha gab pleorisand hoad o be sheipdto flouri dof forcur
	layer_4: then agub pleariseend howd to be shipe to floridof rcur
	layer_6: atena gob plery syened howd to be shipped to flori to frcuery
	layer_8: tenna gob plery seened howd to be shipped to florrie tho procurity
	layer_10: then agob plury smed how to be shiped to florie to procurey
	layer_12: then agob plary seemed how to be shipped to florri to procureiy

file: 1585-131718-0053.flac
expected: it had merely enjoyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of backing edison's experiments
	layer_2: he hamlen jo thet telihts of anxtrous andhisipation and ta pari lus pleutuye of facenig avisens experiments
	layer_4: he ha merele enjoy the delights of anxtrous and disipation and ta parilous pleasurye of factenig at isense expariments
	layer_6: he had merely enduyed the delights of anxerous and dicipation and the perilous pleasure of factninc adisence experiments
	layer_8: he had merely enjoyed the delights of anxrous anticipation and the perilous pleasury of factning adeson's experiments
	layer_10: he had merely enjoyed the delights of anxrous anticipation and the perilous pleasure of facting edison's experiments
	layer_12: he had merely enjoyed the delights of anxrous anticipation and the perilous pleasury of facting edison's experiments

file: 1585-131718-0054.flac
expected: now active exploitation was required
	layer_2: now acter i poitation was requite
	layer_4: now acte ex poitation was requie
	layer_6: now activ its poetation was required
	layer_8: now acti its ploitation was required
	layer_10: now aftirv its plotation was required
	layer_12: now aftiv its ploitation was required

file: 1585-157660-0000.flac
expected: london its guilt and glory
	layer_2: lendon his got and glorry
	layer_4: lendon is goat and glory
	layer_6: lendon his goat and glory
	layer_8: lindon his goat and glory
	layer_10: lindon his goat and glory
	layer_12: lindon his goat and glory

file: 1585-157660-0001.flac
expected: they say best men are molded out of faults and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_2: they say best man aur modted out a fouts and for the most the come much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_4: they say best man aure moed out of fots and for the most become much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_6: they say best man are moated out of fots and for the most become much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_8: they say best man are moated out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_10: they say best men are moaded out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_12: they say best men are moaded out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad

file: 1585-157660-0002.flac
expected: standing on a broken column of the old steeple three hundred feet above primrose hill william struck an attitude of theatrical fashion and uttered the following oratorical flight
	layer_2: standing on ther brok and colum of the o steeber thway hundo feet above praing ros hil willhmsdruckan aitute of ther tury go fashion and odturt the folling oure torric o fliged
	layer_4: standing on the brokend column of the ow steeber thrwey hundred feet above prame roasehill will ham s ruck an atitute of thertri go fashion and otter the folling alritorico flihd
	layer_6: standing on the broken column of ther o steeber three hundred feet above prame roase hill willam struck an atitue of theartrico fashion and otter the foling aritorico fliet
	layer_8: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prame rose hill william struck an attitude of theatrico fashion and otter the foling aritarical flight
	layer_10: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prime rose hill william struck an attitude of theoatrico fashion and otter the foaling aretarical flight
	layer_12: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prime rose hill william struck an attitude of theatrico fashion and otter the folling aretarical flight

file: 1585-157660-0003.flac
expected: glorious london
	layer_2: glares lendon
	layer_4: glarius lendon
	layer_6: glorius london
	layer_8: glorious london
	layer_10: glorious london
	layer_12: glorious london

file: 1585-157660-0004.flac
expected: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vestige of this wonderful mass of human energy shall remain where the cry of the wolf bat and bittern shall only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_2: asad how san o thin that the day will con whel not h vastage of this one of er mass aof humanarirgy shal reman where the cry of the woff bat and bedon she allly be herd a natur gaim whresum her rustic s plandon desolation
	layer_4: sad how saun to thing that the day wilcon woerld not avastage of this one of ermass of humanyanergy shall remain where the cry of the waff bad and be om shoel alnly be heard a nature again resume her rustic sblandon desolation
	layer_6: sad how sand to think that the day wilcome wen not avasteg of this one of hermass of humanenorgy shall remain where the cry of the waf bad and beat him shell almnly be heard a nature again resume her rustic splendond desolation
	layer_8: sad how sad to think that the day will come wern not a vastede of this wone fermass of human energy shall remain wite the cry of the warf bad and bea en shall ally be heard an nature again resume her rustic splendind desolation
	layer_10: sad how sad a think that the day will come when not a vastege of this wandvermass of human energy shall remain with the cry of the wharf bad and beaten sheall alnly be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_12: sad how sad a think that the day will come when not a vastege of this wondvermass of human energy shall remain with the cry of the wharf bad and beaten sheall alnly be heard an nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation

file: 1585-157660-0005.flac
expected: the devil's tavern was a resort for actors authors bohemians lords and ladies who did not retire early to their downy couches
	layer_2: the devewas theaven was ta resort for actors authors behemins lors an ladis whodit now retime early to thair downind coutcous
	layer_4: the devias theaven was the resort for actors authors buhemionslors and ladies who a did no retime early to their downing couchous
	layer_6: the devls eaven was the resort for actors authors bu hemians flors and ladies who  did not retime early to their downing couches
	layer_8: the devils haven was the resort for actors authors bohemians flores and ladies who did now retine early to their downing couches
	layer_10: the devils heaven was the resort for actors authors bohemians lors and ladies who did now retire early to their downing couches
	layer_12: the devil s heaven was the resort for actors authors bohemians lords and ladies who did now retire early to their downing couches

file: 1585-157660-0006.flac
expected: william and myself soon found rest in deep slumber and wafted away into a dreamless realm our tired bodies lay in the enfolding arms of morpheus until the porter knocked at our door the next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_2: well om ad mysou soo found rest indepes lumbern ao weafte away ino ad dremlys rim our tied bod is laying the ing foling arm soe morforse unto the poter nock at aur dordi next moarning as tha clock of the torestruck the our of neine
	layer_4: well emn and mysou soon found rast in deepslumbering and wafted away into a dreamlys rim our tied bottislay in thein foaing arm soe morpfers unto the pottor knock at our dord next borning aske the clock of the towristruck the hour of nin
	layer_6: well o an mysou soon found rest in deep slumberng and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tied bottese layin theinfoding arm soe morphors unto the pottorn knock at our doored next morning as tho'clock of the towerestruct the hour of nighe
	layer_8: well o and mysou soon found rest in deep slumbern and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide bodtise lay in theinfoding armsar morphors unto the pottern knockd at our door next morning as the 'clock of the tower struck the hour of nigne
	layer_10: well owm and myseu soon found rest in deep slumberng and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide bodice lay in the infolding arms an morphurs unto the pottand knocked at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nigne
	layer_12: well owmn and mysou soon found rest in deep slumberng and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide bodice lay in the infolding arms ad morphurs unto the pott and knocked at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nigne

file: 1585-157660-0007.flac
expected: our first sight of sunrise in london gave us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_2: i firs sid of son riin and te gif rs gred expetations o fame andfordtumn for surelly alwe had ras glowing expitations
	layer_4: ofirst side of sun rising landta gif asgred expetations o fame an fortune for surely alwa had ras glowing expetations
	layer_6: ou first side of sun rising lande gif as great expitations our fame and fortune for surely alwe had was glowing expitations
	layer_8: our first sight of sun rising landerd give us great expetations our fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expetations
	layer_10: our first sight of sunrising lander gives us great expectations ouf fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_12: our first sight of sunrising lander gives us great expectations ouf fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations

file: 1585-157660-0008.flac
expected: oft expectation fails and most oft there where most it promises and oft it hits where hope is coldest and despair most fits
	layer_2: aft exitation fous and most af there where most apromises and off a hids were hopeish codest and hespear most fits
	layer_4: oft expitation fous and most af there where most a promises and off a hits were hope is codest and tesparemost fits
	layer_6: oft expitation fous and most aft there were most apromises and off a hids where hope is codestd and despairemost fits
	layer_8: oft expitation fows and most af there were most a promises and off a hits where hope is codest and despairmost fits
	layer_10: oft expitation fows and most oftthere were most a promises and offt a his where hope is codest and despair most fits
	layer_12: oft expitation fows and most oftthere were most a promises and oft a his where hope is codest and despair most fits

file: 1585-157660-0009.flac
expected: deuces won double and sixes treble coin
	layer_2: dusis one dobbr whin sixes trabbicoing
	layer_4: ducus one dub win sixest trebicoine
	layer_6: ducus one duba win sixes trebicoine
	layer_8: deusis one db win sixish trebicoyn
	layer_10: deuces one dubwin sixes trebicoine
	layer_12: deuces one dobewin sixishs trebicoyne

file: 1585-157660-0010.flac
expected: william to the great amazement of the dealer flung a guinea in the center pot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation
	layer_2: well am to the gread amazement of the dilar flong a gining in that cennapot whichrece immedial y tohepd by jack wildthey others tlooked on insileng expetation
	layer_4: well him to the grad amazement of the diller flong aginning in tha sanapot which orse immediatly heped by jack whild the other stlooked on in silen expetation
	layer_6: well im to the great amazement of the diller flung aginning in the sanapot which weres immediately tepped by jacg while they others looked on in silent expotation
	layer_8: will am to the great amazement of the daller flung aginning in the cenapot which wers immediately teped by jack while the others looked on in silent expetation
	layer_10: willham to the great amazement of the diller flung a guineang in the chenapot which was immediately tepped by jack while the others looked on in silent expetation
	layer_12: willham to the great amazement of the diller flung a guinean in the cenapat which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation

file: 1585-157660-0011.flac
expected: the polite jack replied all right sir take your word for it
	layer_2: the pi jack wrepon all riceor take a word for it
	layer_4: the plite jacg repund a'll riesir take a word for it
	layer_6: the plite jacg were puned all ry sir take a word for it
	layer_8: the plite jack wrepuned all right sir take a word for it
	layer_10: the plite jack were plummed all rigce sir take a word for it
	layer_12: the plite jack were plummed all righe sir take a word for it

file: 1585-157660-0012.flac
expected: i have set my life upon a cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_2: i have sint my life upon the casd o is standea hauzerd of the diye
	layer_4: i have sent my life upon the cast i wil stand a houserd of the die
	layer_6: i have sent my life upon the cast awill stand the hazard of the die
	layer_8: i have sent my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the dye
	layer_10: i have sent my life upon the cast o will stand the hazard of the dye
	layer_12: i have sent my life upon the cast o will stand the hazard of the dye

file: 1585-157660-0013.flac
expected: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of infant bull pups she was fondling in her capacious lap
	layer_2: i m meedall a followed in his forstaps and found ma jokin with a lend loady abouta coub e ove infan bu paps she was fonderling her capacious lap
	layer_4: i mmedale a followed an his foi staps and found ima joging with a land lady about a couper of infant boo paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_6: i immedaely followed in his fit steps and foundhima joging with he landlady about a coupoer of infan boo paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_8: i im meditely followed in his fotsteps and found him a joging with he lanlady about a coupe of infan bouo paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_10: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found hi joging with the landlady about a couple of infan bood prhaps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_12: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found hi joging with the landlady about a couple of infand boo perhaps she was fondling her capacious lap

file: 1585-157660-0014.flac
expected: if he had dropped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprocal
	layer_2: it  he had jopbed out of he clouts will an could not have be more pleased o surprised and the fieling was reciprco
	layer_4: i he had jopbed out of a clouths will him could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_6: if he had jopbed out of a clouts well im could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_8: if he had jopbed out of t e clouds willam could not have been more pleased of surprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_10: if he had jopped out of the cloud's william could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_12: if he had jopped out of the cloud's william could not have been more pleased of surprised an the feeling was reciproco

file: 1585-157660-0015.flac
expected: the printing shop of field was only a short distance from the devil's tavern and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_2: the prining shop o fo was owln a sore distans fromn the dov was thavhan and we were ing vided to visitheye stablishmend
	layer_4: the prining shop af fau was owling a sshure distance from the dava's tavenm and we were invited to visidtay establishmend
	layer_6: the prening shopof fou was owing asure distance from the devostaven and we were invited to visi the establishment
	layer_8: the prening shorpaffawu was owing a sore distance from the devoustaven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_10: the preening chopaf fau was owing a short distance from the devoustaven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_12: the preening chapa fau was owing a short distance from the davustaven and we were invited to visit the establishment

file: 1585-157660-0016.flac
expected: james burbage gazed for a moment on the manly form of william and blurted out in his bluff manner what do you know
	layer_2: james robige gase for a moend an the maily forma willam and blury out in his blove mener what do you know
	layer_4: james grbage gazed for a momend ond the manly forma willim and blurry out in his blouvhminnr what do you know
	layer_6: james breybage gazed for a moment on the manly forma willim and blurri out in his blaghmaner what do you know
	layer_8: james roybage gazed for a moment on the manly former william and blurred out in his blathmanner what do you know
	layer_10: james broybage gazed for a moment on the manly former willhim and blurried out in his blatmanner what do you know
	layer_12: james roybage gazed for a moment on the manly former willham and blurried out in his blafmanner what do you know

file: 8254-115543-0000.flac
expected: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_2: the next day everybodin the house began to make preparations wert the journey
	layer_4: the next day everybodding the house began to make preparations wor the journey
	layer_6: the next day everybodyin the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_8: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_10: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_12: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey

file: 8254-115543-0001.flac
expected: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_2: everything was dene very lasurelly though therews a lott a talking an dispoting and the giving of contry orders
	layer_4: everything was denvery lasurely though there was a lattla talkn and dispooding and the giving of contrary ordiers
	layer_6: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking an dispooding and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_8: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_10: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_12: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders

file: 8254-115543-0002.flac
expected: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_2: the old porter was  fhaire dracting ha scording the serante afs they piled the rug omeplankets and baggs of thoud and pots and pand anddishes into the wagon
	layer_4: the old porter was tare dracting a scoading the servants afs they piled the rugs sand blankets and baggs of flood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_6: the old porter was fare dracting a scoalding the servants af they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of lood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_8: the old porter was there diracting as scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_10: the old porter was there diracting and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_12: the old porter was there diracting and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon

file: 8254-115543-0003.flac
expected: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_2: tere was quite of procession o an theat last the bigk waggon rombud out thrug the gite way
	layer_4: there was quite a pocession ow in theat last the big wagon rumbud out through the gat way
	layer_6: there was quite a procession  wen that last the big wagon rumboed out through the gatway
	layer_8: there was quite a procession when that last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_10: there was quite a procession when that last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_12: there was quite a procession when that last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway

file: 8254-115543-0004.flac
expected: behind it came the grandmother in her dhoolie dak a sort of a litter or easy chair swung between two long poles
	layer_2: behind i came the ganmother and her duoy dack a sood o ra litter wor easy chair som betweeanm too long pos
	layer_4: behind i came the grandmother and her july deck a sood of a litter or easy chair som between two long pose
	layer_6: behind i came the grandmother and her july deck a soot of a litter or easy chair some between two long poles
	layer_8: behind i came to the grandmother and her july deck a sort of a litter or easy chair sum between two long poles
	layer_10: behind i came t the grandmother and her july deck a sort of a litter or easy chair sume between two long poles
	layer_12: behind i came the grandmother and her july deck a sort of a litter or easy chair sume between two long poles

file: 8254-115543-0005.flac
expected: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_2: besize the family theye wr many servants and soverl others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_4: besided the family there were many servants and suveral others walked beside he slow moving wagon
	layer_6: besidesd the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_8: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside ther slow moving wagon
	layer_10: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_12: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon

file: 8254-115543-0006.flac
expected: the cook too went with them
	layer_2: he cok to went with them
	layer_4: the cook too went with them
	layer_6: the cook too want with them
	layer_8: the cook too went with them
	layer_10: the cook too wen't with them
	layer_12: the cook too went with them

file: 8254-115543-0007.flac
expected: good bye shouted little nao from his garden wall as they went by good bye
	layer_2: god by shat ed littenou fromis carden wasly won by god by
	layer_4: good by shute littlenow from hiss garden wasly wenpy good by
	layer_6: good bye shouted little now from his gardon wasley went by good bye
	layer_8: good bye shouted little now from his garden whilstey went by good bye
	layer_10: good bye shouted little now from his garden whilsthey went by good bye
	layer_12: good bye shouted little now from his garden whilesthey went by good bye

file: 8254-115543-0008.flac
expected: they shouted greetings to their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old fakir smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_2: they shata greeding so thi friend t the poter as ae passd thom and oso to the old facor smired al overy with ashes who san an little brickaut by the brigh and prtended to make wonderfulcurs
	layer_4: they shouta greeding through their friend the poter os the passed them and also to the old facur smirid ale over with  ashes whos sat in and little brickhut by the bridge and prtended to make wonderful cures
	layer_6: they shouted greeting through their friend the potter af they pas them and also to the old facer smeerd al over withashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful curs
	layer_8: they shouted greeting through their friend the potter as they passed them and also to the old facer smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_10: they shouted greeting through their friend the potter as they passed them and also to the old facker smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_12: they shouted greeting through their friend the potter as they passed them and also to the old facker smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures

file: 8254-115543-0009.flac
expected: this is more fun than going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_2: theis is more ban the goin jo schoor si colar as thee oxamdplared r alongethrough clous of dest
	layer_4: this is more pen the going go schoole sicola as the oximplareded alone throgh clous of dust
	layer_6: this is more frund der going gto school sid cola as the ox empladed along through clous of dust
	layer_8: this is morfonder going to school said kola as the ox em plated along through clouds of dust
	layer_10: this is morfondna going to school said cola as the oxenmplotded along through clouds of dust
	layer_12: this is morefonna going to school said cola as the oxemplotded along through clouds of dust

file: 8254-115543-0010.flac
expected: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts run quite wild
	layer_2: these lovelebirds ire funnarly everyworn anddia and in some parts woerain quite wild
	layer_4: these lovely birds are foundnearly everywhere in andea and in some parts were in quite wild
	layer_6: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts were in quite wild
	layer_8: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts fere in quite wild
	layer_10: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts rin quite wild
	layer_12: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts rein quite wild

file: 8254-115543-0011.flac
expected: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_2: his flong matted hair hung on his shoders and ye was sing his prayers with the help of the rosary of beeats which she continually pasthe the his hands
	layer_4: his long matted hair hung on his shoders and ye was sing his prayers with the help of he rosery of beads which he continually pased threugh his hands
	layer_6: his long madded hair hung on his shouders and he was seing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_8: his long matted hair hung on his shouders and he was sining his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_10: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was singing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_12: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was singing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands

file: 8254-115543-0012.flac
expected: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bowl saying give oh charitable people to this holy one
	layer_2: as the wagin came up hae yong man who hae companye the wholy man ran up and howd out a bagging ble sayin give o charitable people to this wholly one
	layer_4: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanid the wholy man ran up and how dout a beggingbol saying give o cheritable people to this holy one
	layer_6: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and how dout a bagging ball saying give o cheritable people to this holy one
	layer_8: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and howed out a bagging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_10: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and howled out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_12: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and howed out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one

file: 8254-115543-0013.flac
expected: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_2: no contriy in the wood has so many bageres as indea
	layer_4: no country in the woord has so many baggers as indiea
	layer_6: no country in the word has so many baggars as india
	layer_8: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_10: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_12: no country in the world has so many beggars as india

file: 8254-115543-0014.flac
expected: many of them are called holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_2: many of them mar caut wholy men because they do nothing but make pigrimages fron one secrert place to inother thrving oully on the ams that a givin to them
	layer_4: many of them ar cohd wholy men because they do no thing but make pogrimages from one secreit plice to another loving solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_6: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pogrimages from one secret placs to another living solely on ther alms that are given to them
	layer_8: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pogrimages from one secret place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_10: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pigrimages from one secret place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_12: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one secret place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them

file: 8254-115543-0015.flac
expected: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_2: on they had eatin their lunch the yong pe buntr aexplore the gardin near them
	layer_4: when they had eat en their lunch the youn' peopble won tor explore the guarden near them
	layer_6: when they had eaten their lunch the young people wone to explore the garden near them
	layer_8: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them
	layer_10: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them
	layer_12: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them

file: 8254-115543-0016.flac
expected: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream
	layer_2: perhaps ther doks ain me holla a little fearfully but hif forgot obout dogs ind thy sawt the ket of shouldeekine down py as stream
	layer_4: perhaps they are dog sain mahalla a little fearfully but they oregot about dogs in the saut thicket of shuldgo king down by as stream
	layer_6: perhaps there are dog said mahala a little fearfully but they oregot about dogs wen they saw thicket of sudge king down by hi stream
	layer_8: perhaps thery are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wen they saw a thicket of sugar caneg down by a stream
	layer_10: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wen they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream
	layer_12: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream

file: 8254-115543-0017.flac
expected: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploughing by the stream said chola
	layer_2: praps woe cam by some from the man theuge he is now ploing by the scren said cola
	layer_4: perhaps we can by some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_6: perhaps we can by some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_8: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now pluwing by the stream said cola
	layer_10: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_12: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola

file: 8254-115543-0018.flac
expected: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a long stalk of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_2: it is the kgiv hor water said the famer as he took alost uc o cane and gently egided it jownto hi's rem
	layer_4: it is thookinfor water said the farmer as he took a lost sock o cane and gently guided it down to thisdream
	layer_6: it is tooking for water said the farmer as he took a la stucko cane and gently guided it down to his tream
	layer_8: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a los suck of cane and gently guided it down to his tream
	layer_10: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lot suck o cane and gently guided it down to hi stream
	layer_12: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost suck of cane and gently guided it down to he stream

file: 8254-115543-0019.flac
expected: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure one for anything
	layer_2: thi snake as tanother sticret animal of the hindes and theygwa nowt killer injr wen for anything
	layer_4: the snake is another stacret animal of the hin dus and they wole no kill wer ingure wend for anything
	layer_6: the snake is another stacred animal of the hindus andthey woue not kill wher injure wend for anything
	layer_8: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus an they will not kill hor injure wend for anything
	layer_10: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they will not kill hor injure wen for anything
	layer_12: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they will not kill or injure wen for anything

file: 8254-115543-0020.flac
expected: as they were about to move on again they saw a great cloud of dust down the road
	layer_2: as then abutcho mo won again they sogre clowd le dust gen the road
	layer_4: as them about to mevan again they sagree cloudl dust gawn the road
	layer_6: as them about to move on again they sa gree cloudo dust down the road
	layer_8: as they erebout to move on again they saw gree cloudo dust down the road
	layer_10: as they wereabout to move on again they saw a grey cloud of dust down the road
	layer_12: as they were about to move on again they saw grey cloud of dust down the road

file: 8254-115543-0021.flac
expected: it turned out that it was a great and powerful rajah going in state on a journey to visit another rajah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly made up
	layer_2: ar turne oubt that at was ta grey anmpowerful rega goansthay on a joune to wais et unother rega woere rulaer of one of the smalking domes or stats of which mardrent indeaos formily madea
	layer_4: are turned out that it wis tagree andpowerful rega goinganstey on a journi o is e another rega ere rulr of one of the small kangdoms or states of which mardent anddiao s formly maja
	layer_6: ie turned out that it was a great and powerful raga going and state on a journy y is at another rega ore ruler of one of the small cangdoms or states of which modrent indiao s formerlly mada
	layer_8: i turned out that it was a great and powerful reja going in state on au journey do is a another reja or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modren indio was formerly made u
	layer_10: i turned out that it was a great and powerful rega going in state on au journey to visit another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern indio was formerly made up
	layer_12: i turned out that it was a great and powerful regia going in state on au journey to visit another regia or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly made up

file: 8254-115543-0022.flac
expected: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_2: first the came of bicg elthant our decorate with siken goldan siver
	layer_4: first there came a big elephant oul decorated with siken golden' silver
	layer_6: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk en gold en silver
	layer_8: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_10: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_12: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver

file: 8254-115543-0023.flac
expected: on the elephant's back was a howdah which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross legged was the rajah a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels with a great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_2: on the elphen sback whit was the howde which as thi a bigk chair of the cannopy over it and in this sitting crossd light was the rega hevr big tat fellow dressd in colordes sokan dewels ad the great dmand sep plum in his turben
	layer_4: on the elethan spack wit was the hode which is tlike a big chair of the canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the ragia ha big fat fellow dressed in colore suks and dewels athe great dmon setplume in his turben
	layer_6: on the elephan spack wi was the howude which is like a big chair of the canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the ruga a big fat fellow dressed in colored siakand jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_8: on the elephant's back was the howde which is like a big chair wit a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the ruja a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_10: on the elephant's back was the howder which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudja a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_12: on the elephant's back was the howder which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudjar a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban

file: 8254-115543-0024.flac
expected: behind the howdah stood a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajah's head
	layer_2: thehind the howdes that asservan hoding a bicam brilla o fin feathos orver the re jas head
	layer_4: behind ther how dus that iservan hoding a bigam brella a fone feathes over the rega's head
	layer_6: behind their how dest that a servan holding a big ambrella a fine feathers over the raja's head
	layer_8: behind the howdest thar a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raja's head
	layer_10: behind the howdusk thad a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raja's head
	layer_12: behind the howdusk thid a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raja's head

file: 8254-115543-0025.flac
expected: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast by prodding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or goad
	layer_2: the drayvwer sat on the neckt of the elepent and guided the bigk beas hatp e prowding her a one side hor the other with than iro shod stick or gold
	layer_4: the driwers sat on the neck of the elephent and guided the big beast that eprouding her man one side or the other with an iron shod e stick or gold
	layer_6: the driwer sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that beprouding hem on one side or the other with an iron shrod stick or gold
	layer_8: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that ber prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold
	layer_10: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shrod stick or gold
	layer_12: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold

file: 8254-115543-0026.flac
expected: isn't it fine to ride like that on a big elephant
	layer_2: is an it fine to riliodoun of big ealopent
	layer_4: is int it fine to rilok downd a big elephent
	layer_6: isn't it fine to rilic down a big elephant
	layer_8: is't it fine to riel ac down a big elephant
	layer_10: isn't it fine to ralick down a big elephant
	layer_12: isn't it fine to ralick down a big elephant

file: 8254-115543-0027.flac
expected: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rajah and his escort
	layer_2: n athe roess of the day than little folkc tolked of nothing with he greet ar ginus exscot
	layer_4: n artheress of the day the little folk talked of nothing with he great wer jinus esct
	layer_6: n althe ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing with the great were jinus escorte
	layer_8: n al the ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rerginus escort
	layer_10: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great raginus escort
	layer_12: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great raginus escort

file: 8254-115543-0028.flac
expected: our party came to a halt among many other bullock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at the little booths
	layer_2: ar party came to a hout a mo many other belock carts the oners o which oreaty sitting around on the ground cuoking this suppers ar barganning forfoet a the little booth
	layer_4: or party cime tro a halt a momany other buloc a carts the ownes of whic ou alreadys sitting around on the ground coking te suppers or barganning for foo at the little booth
	layer_6: our party came through a halt a mom many other bulocko carts the owners of which we'ealready sitting around on the ground cooking theire suppers or bargainings for foot at ta little booth
	layer_8: our party came throug a halt among many other bulock ccarts the owners of which wealready sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth
	layer_10: our party came throug a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth
	layer_12: our party came throug a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth

file: 8254-115543-0029.flac
expected: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_2: these they used for plates he pbng them uppwith heir bord rice and cury end fis and os stows of puttings n seets
	layer_4: these they used for plates hepbing them up with their boled rice and courry and fish and aure stoics of puttings and sweets
	layer_6: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and courry and fish and astors of puddings and sweets
	layer_8: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and al sorts of puttings and sweets
	layer_10: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_12: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets

file: 8254-115543-0030.flac
expected: as supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parao and camped not far away
	layer_2: a supparl was beeng metin unlother party stopp at the paro and campt to no far a wit
	layer_4: a supera was been mneeton another party stoped at the parral and campe enot ar awit
	layer_6: a supparal was beg mneaten another partye stopped at the paral and campd no far awa
	layer_8: a supper was beng meaten another party stopped at the parral and camped not far away
	layer_10: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parral and camped not far away
	layer_12: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parral and camped not far away

file: 8254-115543-0031.flac
expected: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty
	layer_2: when he liter was pet down he youn boyc stepped d oubt weckiamg arry prowud and holty
	layer_4: when the litter was put down he youn boy steppedoubt bloking marry proud and halty
	layer_6: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out bloking very roud and halty
	layer_8: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and halty
	layer_10: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haulty
	layer_12: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haulty

file: 8254-115543-0032.flac
expected: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distance
	layer_2: hads serance i wene spereadta hands ond rug nm the gand for him to sida i rushed about waiting a him toaking good care to keep everyone untd a jistan
	layer_4: has surants i wence spread a handsom rugg in the ground for him to sit a i rushed about waiting o him toaking good care to keep every one unt a justanctce
	layer_6: is servents i ence spread a handsome rug in the ground for him to siton i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone and a justance
	layer_8: his servants i once spread a handsome rug n the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distance
	layer_10: his servants at once spread a handsome rug in the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distancee
	layer_12: his servants at once spread a handsome rug in the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distancee

file: 8254-115543-0033.flac
expected: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_2: yes ant shal he olrdrs every one about him
	layer_4: yes an'd shll he orders every one about him
	layer_6: yes and shll he orders every one about him
	layer_8: yes and howl he orders everyone about him
	layer_10: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_12: yes and how he orders every one about him

file: 8254-115543-0034.flac
expected: around the little brahmin's neck was a thin cord or thread which was the sign of his high caste
	layer_2: aronde little bromonsin netck was a thin cordterf dhread which was tha sign of his high cast
	layer_4: around te little bromin sneck os a thin corter dhriad which is ta sign of his high cast
	layer_6: around the little browmin's neckos a thin quarter dread which is he sign of his high cast
	layer_8: around the little browman's neck ows a thin quarter dhread which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_10: around the little browhman's neck is a thin quarter thread which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_12: around the little browman's neck is a thin quarter thread which is the sign of his high cast

file: 8254-115543-0035.flac
expected: meanwhile the haughty little brahmin ate his supper with his head turned away so no one could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_2: meanwhile the hoty litte bramon ait his supper whon t is head turned away so noloncas see hm eat and then gring tired of respectful glances of the crowdaround him he got ungtorhs litter again and the seans fasthine the curtnce titely around him
	layer_4: meanwhile the holty little bramin a his supper when this head turned away so no lunchause him eat and then gowing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he gaut ento hisae litter again and the surrin's fast ened the curtaence tigtly around him
	layer_6: meanwhile the halty little brammon ae his supper when this head turned away so no loncu se him eat and then gowing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he gat into his dlitter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_8: meanwhile the halty little bramon ate his supper when this head turned away so no lon cou see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_10: meanwhile the halty little brahman ate his supper when his head turned away so no lone cul see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his blitter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_12: meanwhile the halty little brahman ate his supper when his head turned away so no lone ceul see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his blitter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him

file: 8254-115543-0036.flac
expected: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_2: arybody sep saounly and spiteof the fact that one of the surmnce was beating a dromust of the night werch they rilly believed wis the way to keepoffh evil spirids
	layer_4: aerybody sept soundly and spite of the fact that one of the sermants was beading a dramus of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_6: everybody slepe soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servonts was beating a drum moss of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_8: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummos of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_10: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the sermants was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_12: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the sermants was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits

file: 8254-115543-0037.flac
expected: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_2: o the thee hecried
	layer_4: o the these he cried
	layer_6: oh the thies he cried
	layer_8: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_10: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_12: oh the thieves he cried

file: 8254-115543-0038.flac
expected: they are as bad as the beggars
	layer_2: there o spad as the bakers
	layer_4: there ows bad es the bakers
	layer_6: there os bad as the bakers
	layer_8: thy're as bad as the bagkers
	layer_10: they're as bad as the baggars
	layer_12: they're as bad as the baggars

file: 8254-115543-0039.flac
expected: what art thou guarding so carefully shriya asked her brother
	layer_2: whl are thogh garding so carefully shea asked her brether
	layer_4: well are though garding so carefully shea asked her brother
	layer_6: well art thogh guarding so carefully shreya asked her brother
	layer_8: well aret thouh guarding so carefully she ya asked her brother
	layer_10: whalt art thou guarding so carefully she ye asked her brother
	layer_12: what art thou guarding so carefully she yah asked her brother

file: 8254-115543-0040.flac
expected: he and chola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_2: he an cold o wer walking be said the raken for a tchange
	layer_4: he un colo were walking be said the ragon for har change
	layer_6: he ancola were walking beside the ragon for her change
	layer_8: he and cola were walking beside the ragon for ar change
	layer_10: he and colah were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_12: he and colah were walking beside the wagon for a change

file: 8254-115543-0041.flac
expected: the lattices were raised so shriya and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_2: the lad ises rised sce andr mother and ant could enjoye the fesh air
	layer_4: the ladeses werise soci and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_6: the latices were rised sochia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_8: the latices were rised souchea and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_10: the lattices wererised sochea and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_12: the lattices were rised sochea and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air

file: 8254-115543-0042.flac
expected: they are my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_2: there my dows aid the littre girl saudly as she pad de the bunder be sider
	layer_4: there my dols said the littlegirl saundlyis she padter he bundere be sideher
	layer_6: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bunder beside her
	layer_8: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bunder beside her
	layer_10: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundael beside her
	layer_12: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundel beside her

file: 8254-115543-0043.flac
expected: i take them as an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_2: i teade them wuth an offering to the whole y rover poor little woman
	layer_4: i tate them with an offering to the holey rover poor little woman
	layer_6: i tae them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_8: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_10: i teate them with an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_12: i teate them with an offering to the holy river poor little woman

file: 8254-115543-0044.flac
expected: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_2: must thostacrifise thy towis to
	layer_4: must tho stacrifised thy talys to
	layer_6: must tho sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_8: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_10: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_12: must thou sacrifice thy toys too

file: 8254-115543-0045.flac
expected: smiled her uncle as he patted her head
	layer_2: smader uncle as e paded her head
	layer_4: smalder uncle asy patted her head
	layer_6: smalder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_8: smallter uncle as he patted her head
	layer_10: smalter uncle as he patted her head
	layer_12: smalter uncle as he patted her head

file: 8254-84205-0000.flac
expected: chapter forty nine griggs is stubborn
	layer_2: chaptere forty nine grixs istupen
	layer_4: chapter forty nine grigs is stupon
	layer_6: chapter forty nine griks is stuppon
	layer_8: chapter forty nine griggs is stutpen
	layer_10: chapter forty nine griggs is stuppon
	layer_12: chapter forty nine griggs is stuppon

file: 8254-84205-0001.flac
expected: the days glided by with the stiffness in chris lee's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_2: the days glided by gwith the stiffness in crispase tembs growing lus painful and the pony recovering fast for the clera mountinirs eemed to act like a cur for wouns
	layer_4: the days glided by bwith the stiffness and chrispese limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the cleara mountinair seemed to actlike a cure for wounds
	layer_6: the days glided by bwith the stiffness and crisby's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the cler mountainair seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_8: the days glided by bwith the stiffness in crispy's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountaine air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_10: the days glided by bith the stiffness in crisbie's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_12: the days glided by bith the stiffness in crispie's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds

file: 8254-84205-0002.flac
expected: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_2: every day the came showt the indred animal in better condition
	layer_4: every day the came showed the endred animal and better condition
	layer_6: every day the came showed the indured animal and better condition
	layer_8: every day the came showed the indured animal and better condition
	layer_10: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_12: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition

file: 8254-84205-0003.flac
expected: its efforts to move no longer made chris wince and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustang suffer
	layer_2: ats effors tomoven alongermade christiens and forget his own pings an thouse he felt at seeng the musting suffher
	layer_4: ats efforts to moven a longermade chrisiencs and forget his own pings in those he felt at seing the musthing suffer
	layer_6: ats efforts to move no longer made chrisoens and forget his own pings in those he felt at seeing the mustain sufpper
	layer_8: its efforts to move no longer made chrisuins and forget his own pings and those he felt at seeing the mustin sufpfer
	layer_10: its efforts to move no longer made chrysuins and forget his own pans and those he felt at seeing the mustaing supfer
	layer_12: its efforts to move no longer made chrysuins and forget his own pins and those he felt at seeing the mustang supfer

file: 8254-84205-0004.flac
expected: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_2: everyu lon wors buzy for the keeping witch reglarly took up a good dea ol of time
	layer_4: every one wa's busy for the keeping watch reglarly took up a good deal of time
	layer_6: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_8: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_10: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a goeod deal of time
	layer_12: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time

file: 8254-84205-0005.flac
expected: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think they are staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_2: it's ae nonsense nead criedecress for them to think ta their sting on a count of us who lo grigkes were you listenning
	layer_4: it's ar non sense ned cried cris for them to thinkthat their staing on account of us wholo griggs where you listening
	layer_6: it's ar nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that thei'r staying on account of us holo griggs were you listening
	layer_8: it's aul nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us holo griggs were you listening
	layer_10: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_12: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hulloa griggs were you listening

file: 8254-84205-0006.flac
expected: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_2: how did your ponygor thiss morning plended
	layer_4: how did your ponigo this morning splendid
	layer_6: how did your ponygo this morning splendid
	layer_8: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_10: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_12: how did your pony go this morning splendid

file: 8254-84205-0007.flac
expected: just halted a little on the bad leg but it's better than it was yesterday
	layer_2: jas harte a litt on the ba leg but his bitter than a was yestedy
	layer_4: jus hartto da little on the ba leg but is better than i was yesterdy
	layer_6: just heart ed a little on the ba leg but is better than it was yesterdy
	layer_8: just hearted a little on the bour leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_10: jus harted a little on the bow leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_12: jus heart ed a little on the bow leg but is better than it was yesterday

file: 8254-84205-0008.flac
expected: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_2: the yoecanther this morney canter
	layer_4: tdid you caunter this mornyg canter
	layer_6: did you canter this mornig cant er
	layer_8: did you caunter this morning canter
	layer_10: did you counter this morning caunter
	layer_12: did you counter this morning canter

file: 8254-84205-0009.flac
expected: we went at a good swinging gallop and what about you
	layer_2: we wat ad a git s treeing gallop and whad o beout you
	layer_4: we want ad a gots treein gallop and what about you
	layer_6: we went at a git thren gallop and what about you
	layer_8: we went at a git tren gallop and what about you
	layer_10: we went at a ghints trein gallop and what about you
	layer_12: we went at a ghints trn gallop and what about you

file: 8254-84205-0010.flac
expected: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_2: o i monly little stif stil
	layer_4: oh amonly little stirf still
	layer_6: oh i'm only lettle stiff still
	layer_8: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_10: oh i 'm only a little stiff still
	layer_12: oh i'm only a little stiff still

file: 8254-84205-0011.flac
expected: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_2: we shoall guet stron more quickly gournin over the plaints or climyn in anou am on the mountaincs
	layer_4: we sherl get strong more quickly journing over the plants or climy in anou am on the mountains
	layer_6: we sharw get strong more quickly journying over the plains or climbing in an out among the mountains
	layer_8: we shall get strong more quickly journyings over the plains or climbing in an out among the mountains
	layer_10: we shall get strong more quickly journying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_12: we shall get strong more quickly journying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains

file: 8254-84205-0012.flac
expected: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_2: he says were di starct to morral at dabrik
	layer_4: he says were disturt to morral at daybric
	layer_6: he says were to start to morrel at daybrik
	layer_8: he says we'e to start to morrew at daybreak
	layer_10: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_12: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak

file: 8254-84205-0013.flac
expected: hurrah cried chris
	layer_2: hr credcss
	layer_4: hra cried kis
	layer_6: ura cried ciss
	layer_8: hurah cried ciss
	layer_10: hurrah cried kiss
	layer_12: hurrah cried kiss

file: 8254-84205-0014.flac
expected: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_2: but we shakt my lad why not
	layer_4: but we shan'td my lad why not
	layer_6: but we shant my lad why not
	layer_8: but we sha'n't my lad why not
	layer_10: but we sha'n't my lad why not
	layer_12: but we sha'n't my lad why not

file: 8254-84205-0015.flac
expected: because i've seen indians again
	layer_2: becaseats theen indians again
	layer_4: becaseutescen indianse again
	layer_6: becauseoe seen indiance again
	layer_8: because i've' seen indians again
	layer_10: because i've seen indians again
	layer_12: because i've seen indians again

file: 8254-84205-0016.flac
expected: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_2: ' your all yseeng ind dans again
	layer_4: oh youre all is sing indiance again
	layer_6: oh you're alwiys seing indiance again
	layer_8: oh you're allways seeing indians again
	layer_10: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_12: oh you're always seeing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0017.flac
expected: well they showed themselves to me i didn't want them said griggs dryly
	layer_2: while the showe them fels to me i dan't wat them sicgrik stryly
	layer_4: whele they show them fills to me i dn't want them sicrik strylei
	layer_6: well they show them fills to me i don't want them si crike stryly
	layer_8: well they show them filvs to me i dodn't want them si ric stryly
	layer_10: well they show them feaves to me i doidn't want them saic grik sdryly
	layer_12: well they show them feaves to me i dodn't want them saic grik dryly

file: 8254-84205-0018.flac
expected: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe
	layer_2: dhen artfullot and ere beeng away ait o i beliese
	layer_4: thren artfull loht e'd weure been away it all i beliece
	layer_6: the're n artful lot nevere bein away at all i beliese
	layer_8: they're an artful lot never being away at all i believe
	layer_10: they're an artful lot never ben away at all i believe
	layer_12: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe

file: 8254-84205-0019.flac
expected: we couldn't see em but if we'd made a start they'd have been close upon our heels directly
	layer_2: wecouldn't seem but fe mee o start they had beeng close upon ar he was dreckly
	layer_4: recouldn't see m bu fre med a start they had been close upon a heeas direcktly
	layer_6: we couldn't see him buf we mad to start they had been close upon ar heels directly
	layer_8: we couldn't see him buh if we meed to start they had been close upon our heels directly
	layer_10: we couldn't see him but if we meed a start they had been close upon our heels directly
	layer_12: we couldn't see him but if we meed a start they had been close upon our heels directly

file: 8254-84205-0020.flac
expected: ah you'll have to trap them chris said ned maliciously
	layer_2: ah you had o thrapenm crss ain ted miliciously
	layer_4: ah you havd to trap themchurs saidnend miliciously
	layer_6: ah you have to trap them a curs said nann maliciously
	layer_8: ah you have to trap them a curs said nan maliciously
	layer_10: ah you have to trap them curse said nan maliciously
	layer_12: ah you have to trap them curse said nan maliciously

file: 8254-84205-0021.flac
expected: look here if you say that again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_2: look urof he sat t again we shal quarel he're at grigs
	layer_4: look hereif he sait out again we shall quire here lhat griggs
	layer_6: look here if he' satd out again we shall querel her that griggs
	layer_8: look here if hes sayd out again we shall quarrel here that griggs
	layer_10: look here if he' sayd out again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_12: look here if he sayed out again we shall quarrel hear that griggs

file: 8254-84205-0022.flac
expected: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_2: oh yes i heare serp you wright
	layer_4: oh yes i hear serfeu right
	layer_6: oh yes i hear serfy right
	layer_8: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_10: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_12: oh yes i hear serve you right

file: 8254-84205-0023.flac
expected: if you can't show us a better way you had better hold your tongue
	layer_2: is he can't tshol as a bettawa y had better hodherd tonue
	layer_4: witf he can' she as ta bettawagyye had better holder tongue
	layer_6: if he can't shew as the bette way y had better hold her tongue
	layer_8: if he can't show us e better way ye had better hold her tongue
	layer_10: if he can't show us a better way heu had better hold her tongue
	layer_12: if he can't show us a better way he had better hold her tongue

file: 8254-84205-0024.flac
expected: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_2: verry well i can do that sai nedt hartialy
	layer_4: bery well i can do that said ned hartily
	layer_6: very well i can do that said ned hotily
	layer_8: very well i can do that said ned hagtily
	layer_10: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_12: very well i can do that said ned haughtily

file: 8254-84205-0025.flac
expected: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_2: they a thoat's enough crred cress on't be sol petyng ed
	layer_4: they ae that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_6: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_8: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_10: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_12: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned

file: 8254-84205-0026.flac
expected: that's right cried griggs
	layer_2: that sright cud gis
	layer_4: tha's right cud gits
	layer_6: that's right cut gits
	layer_8: that's right cut giks
	layer_10: that's right cut gugs
	layer_12: that's right cut gugs

file: 8254-84205-0027.flac
expected: look here lads i've just been trying that place again
	layer_2: look ure laes of jrstpbing thrying that place again
	layer_4: look hir lase of jrustbig trying that place again
	layer_6: look heur lads of djrusping trying that place again
	layer_8: look here lads of drisping trying that place again
	layer_10: look here lads of drisping trying that place again
	layer_12: look here lads of drisping trying that place again

file: 8254-84205-0028.flac
expected: any time the doctor likes
	layer_2: and hou time the doc to likes
	layer_4: and yo time the doctor likes
	layer_6: anyu time the doctor likes
	layer_8: any time the doctor likes
	layer_10: any time the doctor likes
	layer_12: any time the doctor likes

file: 8254-84205-0029.flac
expected: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_2: ben shogt ap b i feloe oo bothan arow sound's bed enugh but ies no mut riscure
	layer_4: being shotd ap y fellows thef bothan arrow sound's bed enough but thore's not much riscure
	layer_6: being shot at y fellows wit bowtsh an arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much a risk ure
	layer_8: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much a risc er
	layer_10: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risk er
	layer_12: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risker

file: 8254-84205-0030.flac
expected: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_2: i don't kno about that si chruss ancxiously
	layer_4: i don'tknow about that sechris anxiously
	layer_6: i don't know about that sachris anxiously
	layer_8: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_10: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_12: i don't know about that said chris anxiously

file: 8254-84205-0031.flac
expected: don't you well i do
	layer_2: don't you will i do
	layer_4: don't you w'll i do
	layer_6: don't you well i do
	layer_8: don't you well i do
	layer_10: don't you well i do
	layer_12: don't you well i do

file: 8254-84205-0032.flac
expected: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_2: i should beu running fast and darging in anot amon the rocks hand chees
	layer_4: i should be running fast and darging in anout amon the rocks an cheese
	layer_6: i should be running fast and darging in an out among the rocks and creese
	layer_8: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_10: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and treese
	layer_12: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and treese

file: 8254-84205-0033.flac
expected: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_2: bute enyby wan be stanning stil coutinuede griks
	layer_4: but the enebe u wan't be standing stil continuied grugs
	layer_6: but the enebyn won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_8: but the eneby won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_10: but the enemby won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_12: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs

file: 8254-84205-0034.flac
expected: i don't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_2: anun't believe this bitterisk for me i shall be oried
	layer_4: aun't believe theies a bitte risk for me i shall be al rigd
	layer_6: ant believe there's a bit a risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_8: aunt believe there's a bit a risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_10: an't believe there's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_12: an't believe there's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right

file: 8254-84205-0035.flac
expected: but our animals will be well back in that hollow said chris
	layer_2: but it ana mias wurl be wille back in thait whole sichris
	layer_4: but at anamiswill be well back in thait whole sidchris
	layer_6: but at anamls will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_8: but at animals will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_10: but at animals will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_12: but at animals will be well back in that hole said chris

file: 8254-84205-0036.flac
expected: yes my lad but i want them to be planted farther back still
	layer_2: yes my lad but i want them to be klineted fordthe back sfill
	layer_4: yes milad but i want them to be plinted forthe back sfill
	layer_6: yes mylad but i want them to be planted for ther back fill
	layer_8: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for ther backsfill
	layer_10: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for their backsfill
	layer_12: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for their backspill

file: 8254-84205-0037.flac
expected: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_2: and hae fraid father was saythat the ponis ought to be close at hand
	layer_4: and afraid father was say that the ponie's ought to be close tat hand
	layer_6: and afraid father was say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_8: im afraid father wuld say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_10: i'm afraid father woull say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_12: i'm afraid father woild say that the ponies ought to be close at hand

file: 8254-84205-0038.flac
expected: yes that's right if it can be done but it would go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who set it
	layer_2: yes that srygt if a can be done but li'll go hardro thus all f the ingiansgve up the ba of the trap und turned upon thos who seid it
	layer_4: yes that stright if it can be done but ie'll go hard o thus all of the indian s gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_6: yes that stright if it can be done but i will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_8: yes thats right if it can be done but itwill go hard with us all if the indians gave up the baite of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_10: yes that's right if it can be done but i will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_12: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who said it

file: 8254-84205-0039.flac
expected: well you must talk it over with father said chris
	layer_2: whill you must tuk id a rouith father sicrus
	layer_4: well you must talk it a ruith father cicris
	layer_6: well you must talk it a ruith father sicris
	layer_8: well you must talk it arue with father cicrus
	layer_10: well you must talk it a rue with father cichris
	layer_12: well you must talk it a rue with father cicris

file: 8254-84205-0040.flac
expected: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_2: to man yo wretskins habout as i told you
	layer_4: to manyo wretskins about as i told you
	layer_6: to many ratskins about as i told you
	layer_8: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_10: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_12: too many redskins about as i told you

file: 8254-84205-0041.flac
expected: there are always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_2: there always to many readg scinds about criedchrisempitiently
	layer_4: there always to many red skinds about cried chris impitiently
	layer_6: they're always too many red skins about cried christ impatiently
	layer_8: ther're always too many redgskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_10: ther're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_12: they're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently

file: 8254-84205-0042.flac
expected: i wish we could charge them boldly and send them flying over the plains
	layer_2: o wisho could chired them boulia send them flyne over he plains
	layer_4: i wish h could charge them bolias sand them flyng over the plans
	layer_6: i wish u could charge them bolia send them flying over the plans
	layer_8: i wish e could charge them bolias send them flying over the plains
	layer_10: i wish ye could charge them bolia send them flying over the plains
	layer_12: i wish we could charge them bolia send them flying over the plains

file: 8254-84205-0043.flac
expected: never to come back again said ned sharply
	layer_2: nov ry t come back again said then sharpiy
	layer_4: nover to come back again said nen sharpbly
	layer_6: never to come back again said nen sharply
	layer_8: never to come back again said nene sharply
	layer_10: never to come back again said nent sharply
	layer_12: never to come back again said nen sharply

file: 8254-84205-0044.flac
expected: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game
	layer_2: not quite mylas dont tyo se that wre playny af ey retick lish gine
	layer_4: not quite my laes don't yo see that were plaing of e recticoklesh gaine
	layer_6: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing of very ticklesh game
	layer_8: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a evry cicklesh game
	layer_10: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing af every cicklash game
	layer_12: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing of every chicklash game

file: 8254-84205-0045.flac
expected: just then the doctor came into the shelter where the boys had been talking bringing with him wilton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_2: trest then the doctrcame  to the showder wit he boyce hav in talking bring with hen waton holhabin shooting orather tringd to shoot for h had had no suscess andthey to were talking earnesst ly obhaut ways a ms
	layer_4: dresse then the doctr cam i to the shouder with the boys havbing talking bring with them wten who havebiy shooting or athered tring to shoot for ye had had no suscess and they too were talking earnestly obout ways and mese
	layer_6: dresst then the doctor came into the shouger with a boys have beeng talking bring with hem woton who hae ben shooting or athered trying to shoot for he had had no sucess and they too were talking earnestly about waiys and kmeas
	layer_8: just then the doctor came into the shouter wherh the boys have been talking bring with them whuton who have been shooting or rathere trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and knease
	layer_10: just then the doctor came into the shouter where the boys have been talking bringing with hem whorton who have been shooting or rathere trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and keas
	layer_12: just then the doctor came into the shouter where the boys have been talking bringing with hem wharton who have been shooting or rathere trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and eas

file: 8254-84205-0046.flac
expected: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_2: oh iere  you or greigs prered the doctor
	layer_4: oh heae yoarkbrigs cred the doctor
	layer_6: oh her yo ark briggs cried the doctor
	layer_8: oh here yo arke briggs cried the doctor
	layer_10: oh here you are briggs cried the doctor
	layer_12: oh here you are briggs cried the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0047.flac
expected: had a good turn at scouting yes sir
	layer_2: had a good t nescauting yes sir
	layer_4: had a good tnascouting yes sir
	layer_6: had a good trin a scouhtyn yes sir
	layer_8: had a good trin o scouting yes sir
	layer_10: had a good trin o scouting yes sir
	layer_12: had a good trino scouting yes sir

file: 8254-84205-0048.flac
expected: the indians have shifted their quarters and they're in about as awkward a position as they could contrive for our purpose
	layer_2: the indiaens have shpte theccorters and theri in thebout as a crt a possition as ley could contrie au ae purpese
	layer_4: the indians have shipto the quarters and there it in the boutus ocurt a position as le could contrive four purpose
	layer_6: the indians have shipedted their quarters and there t in the bout us eqord a position as we could contrive for purpose
	layer_8: the indians have shifted their quarters and they rare in the bowas okward a position as we could contrive for our purpose
	layer_10: the indians have shifted their quarters and they are in the bowlas ekward a position as we could contrive for our purpose
	layer_12: the indians have shifted their quarters and they are in the bowlas ekward a position as we could contrive for our purpose

file: 8254-84205-0049.flac
expected: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_2: u' must get away from her to some good hunting ground
	layer_4: e must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_6: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_8: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_10: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_12: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground

file: 8254-84205-0050.flac
expected: do the indians seem to be camping or only on the move
	layer_2: o te indi sink o be camthing for ony on the moes
	layer_4: to the indian sin to be camping or only on the moves
	layer_6: to the indian cing to be camping or only on the moves
	layer_8: to the indians thing to be camping or only on the move
	layer_10: to the indians thing to be camping or only on the move
	layer_12: to the indians thing to be camping or only on the move

file: 8254-84205-0051.flac
expected: they seem to me to be hatching up some dodge or another replied griggs
	layer_2: thes seemed to med to be hatn op som e dargere another in plied groigs
	layer_4: the seemed to mee to be hatcing up som darger another anreplied grigs
	layer_6: this seemed to mee to be hatghing up someof dargeor another in replied griggs
	layer_8: this seemed to me to be hatching up some darg or another in replied griggs
	layer_10: this seemed to me to be hatching up some dardge or another replied grggs
	layer_12: this seemed to me to be hatching up some darge or another replied griggs

file: 8254-84205-0052.flac
expected: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_2: then he began towalk up b and downsflly o voildentlye deep en thought
	layer_4: then he began to walk up and dowce folly i vidently deepind thought
	layer_6: then he began to walk up and down sfully ievidently deep in thought
	layer_8: then he began to walk up and down sfolly evidently deep in thought
	layer_10: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_12: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought

file: 8254-84205-0053.flac
expected: there he said i've made up my mind
	layer_2: there he said ias made uf ly mind
	layer_4: there he said as madeof hy mind
	layer_6: there he said as made of thy mind
	layer_8: there he said as made of thy mind
	layer_10: there he said a made of thy mind
	layer_12: there he said as made of thy mind

file: 8254-84205-0054.flac
expected: it is very evident that we may wait here till our stores are exhausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_2: it is merry evident that we my wait her thor sthoras ixousbed and be as far ofthuh prtunido we sycaseevern
	layer_4: it is mary evident that we may wit here chour storeas axousbe and be as far off thour prtunidy we seek as evern
	layer_6: it is marry evident that we may wit here to u store as a ekasbi and be as far off terur portunity we seek us evern
	layer_8: it is merry evident that we may wait here to our store as exousic and be as far off the opportunity we seek us evern
	layer_10: it is mery evident that we may wait here to our store as i exastic and be as far off the opportunity we seek us evern
	layer_12: it is mery evident that we may wait here to our store as ar exastic and be as far off the opportunity we seek us evern

file: 8254-84205-0055.flac
expected: the indians can wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_2: the in ias killiet we cannot and thaseehe to knowit
	layer_4: the indians kill atd we cannot and they sened to know it
	layer_6: the indians killwat we cannot and they seemd to know it
	layer_8: the indians kill wete we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_10: the indians kiwate we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_12: the indians kiwaite we cannot and they seem to know it

file: 8254-84205-0056.flac
expected: going to give up young chris's plan said griggs slowly
	layer_2: go ing to give up young pries pliand said pe ex s plobly
	layer_4: going to give up young priss's plin said pex sploly
	layer_6: going to give up young phriss's plan said per k plowly
	layer_8: going to give up young chriss's plan said peurk slowly
	layer_10: going to give up young chriss's plan said puke slowly
	layer_12: going to give up young chriss's plan said puke slowly

file: 8254-84205-0057.flac
expected: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night
	layer_2: no 'm gont do put t n force ou once we stat to night
	layer_4: no i'm going to put it nforce out once we stot to night
	layer_6: no i 'm going to put it and force out once we stot to night
	layer_8: no i'm going to put i in force out once we start to night
	layer_10: no i'm going to put it in force out once we start to night
	layer_12: no i'm going to put it in force out once we start tonight

file: 8254-84205-0058.flac
expected: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_2: the a ther samd we canbe making u preparitions
	layer_4: bur au the same we can be making up preparations
	layer_6: but all the same we can be making ur preparations
	layer_8: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_10: bu all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_12: but all the same we can be making our preparations

file: 8254-84205-0059.flac
expected: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle
	layer_2: the bare was cammbe fouor d wlagdter and everyone's botu
	layer_4: the barews can e fordood wauhter and everyones botto
	layer_6: the barrels can be forlud water and every one's bottle
	layer_8: the barrels can be forded water and everyone's bottle
	layer_10: the barrels can be foded water and everyone's bottle
	layer_12: the barrels can be foded water and everyone's bottle

file: 8254-84205-0060.flac
expected: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_2: politions can be pack t ionou wal its e fsact everythin howready for start
	layer_4: peolitions can be pacdtin o wawllits a at everything howready for  strart
	layer_6: politions can be packed ino wallets ti fact everything howready for a strart
	layer_8: provicions can be packed in o walles e fact everything how ready for a start
	layer_10: provisions can be packed in a wallets in fact everything how ready for a start
	layer_12: provisions can be packed in or wallets in fact everything how ready for a start

file: 8254-84205-0061.flac
expected: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_2: finarly justset thus the aammust canbe drovidence werefudea water and
	layer_4: finally justs ept thufk the anmus can be drividence wer fludern water and
	layer_6: finally just at thufk the animois can be drividencs wit flood arn water and
	layer_8: finally just at thufk the animas can be driven in with food and water and
	layer_10: finally just at thuft the animals can be driven in with food and water and
	layer_12: finally just at thuft the animals can be driven in with food and water and

file: 8254-84205-0062.flac
expected: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_2: excactles re plied the doctr
	layer_4: exactlies repleed the doctor
	layer_6: exactles replied the doctor
	layer_8: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_10: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_12: exactly replied the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0063.flac
expected: but before any more is said griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_2: but before any more a sacgrgs i' at to offereyo ther ofppertunit e yo rab ack
	layer_4: but before any more asegrigs i waght to offer yo ther opportunitye hto drab ack
	layer_6: but before any more esedi giggs i want to offer you ther opportunity to draw back
	layer_8: but before any more aesei griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_10: but before any more ae sedi griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_12: but before any more ae seidi griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back

file: 8254-84205-0064.flac
expected: what for said griggs sharply
	layer_2: will for said goov srarpling
	layer_4: will for said gove srerpling
	layer_6: whilp for said goote shrepling
	layer_8: whit for said groose sharplyng
	layer_10: whit for said gouse sharply
	layer_12: whit for said gouse sharply

file: 8254-84205-0065.flac
expected: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_2: not a bit of it sir i'md gon to take arethit dont hit meg
	layer_4: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take chare they don't hideme
	layer_6: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take hare they don't hi me
	layer_8: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take hare they don't hit me
	layer_10: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_12: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me

file: 8254-84205-0066.flac
expected: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the redskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_2: i wean tho dou ae bit to carriyout young prisis plan a shout up the reskins for a re certeor prapsin month ill weld get right away
	layer_4: i wen to do a bit to carry ouht young prises plan a shut up the reskins for awrekertur perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_6: i mean to do a bit to carry out young prisse's plan as shut up the rescons for a weekertur perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_8: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chrisses plan ad shut up the reskins for a week or tur perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_10: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chriss's plan and shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_12: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away

file: 8254-84205-0067.flac
expected: there is a horrible side to it griggs
	layer_2: there is the horble sitet gks
	layer_4: there is he horble siturte brigs
	layer_6: there is a horrible pcitrt brigs
	layer_8: there is a horrible cithete brigs
	layer_10: there is a horrible cytre brigs
	layer_12: there is a horrible cytrate brigs

file: 8254-84205-0068.flac
expected: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_2: whould be as we let then giet the betterfus ir
	layer_4: would be is we let them givt the better vose sir
	layer_6: would be if we let them gevt the bette of us sir
	layer_8: would be if we let them gevt the better of us sir
	layer_10: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_12: would be if we let them get the better of us sir

file: 8254-84205-0069.flac
expected: you mean the shutting up the enemy here to starve
	layer_2: you mand the shutting up the anee hiere dostars
	layer_4: you mean the sheding up the eneme hear destars
	layer_6: you mean the shudding up the enemy here do stars
	layer_8: you mean the shudding op the enemy here do stars
	layer_10: you mean the shudding up the enemy here to stars
	layer_12: you mean the shudding up the enemy here to stars

file: 8254-84205-0070.flac
expected: ejaculated griggs so sharply that the boys started serve em right if they did sir
	layer_2: he jaklrd acrigts so shaply or the boicetarded sersram righe of bhyn did sir
	layer_4: the jacklat a crings so sharply thar the boy e tarded syrsam right of they did sir
	layer_6: the jaculato crigs so sharply that the boy started sesm right if they did sir
	layer_8: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started sez um right if they did sir
	layer_10: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started ses em right if they did sir
	layer_12: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started ses em right if they did sir

file: 8254-84205-0071.flac
expected: what business have they to want our scalps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_2: what busas have they do woneer scl ut we stialn at shup them oupt histae
	layer_4: what businasce have they do won our sculp wut we should it shet them up to tave
	layer_6: what business have they do on our skulp what we shouldn't sht them up to stave
	layer_8: what businss have they do on our skulps wat we shouldn't sht them up to starve
	layer_10: what business have they do on our skulps buat we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_12: what business have they do on our skulps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve

file: 8254-84205-0072.flac
expected: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a week
	layer_2: thea' hav weks of work be for the could get their horses oup thut with hout horses thiy be out enhe wak
	layer_4: lheid have weeks of work before thet could get their horses out but with hout horses they py out in a wak
	layer_6: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake
	layer_8: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a wek
	layer_10: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a week
	layer_12: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a weeke

file: 8254-84205-0073.flac
expected: starve nonsense
	layer_2: star non sens
	layer_4: star non isense
	layer_6: star notesente
	layer_8: starv noniscens
	layer_10: starve nondssent
	layer_12: starve nondissent

file: 8254-84205-0074.flac
expected: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen
	layer_2: but there i dont want ta mexpuchnes if hous feadtle gentiman
	layer_4: but there i don't want ta m ex peches if s hals settle gentiman
	layer_6: but there i don't want to make speeches it's als settle genteman
	layer_8: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen
	layer_10: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen
	layer_12: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen

file: 8254-84205-0075.flac
expected: but you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off
	layer_2: wutl  ouse god to te the lookot withs come n oh
	layer_4: wouve god to tether look oaut withs comeng off
	layer_6: wat yyouve got to tether lookout with coming off
	layer_8: what you've got to tethe lookout wat coming off
	layer_10: what you've got to tethe lookout was coming off
	layer_12: what you've got to tethe lookout was coming off

file: 8254-84205-0076.flac
expected: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful indian scout that there is something on the way
	layer_2: now avryurne understand that he is toul be ready with hout shallye any washed fot tn dinsgout that thera r something on the way
	layer_4: now every one understand that he is to be ready without shally any wash fo in dance cout that there is something on the war
	layer_6: now everyone understand that he is to be ready withoaut sholwlne any washfoo indin'ecout that there is something on the way
	layer_8: now every one understand that he is to be ready with hout shownng any washful ind dins gout that there is something on the way
	layer_10: now everyone understand that he is to be ready without showing any washful in dan's scout that there is something on the way
	layer_12: now everyone understand that he is to be ready without showing any washfult in dans scout that there is something on the way

file: 4515-11057-0000.flac
expected: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_2: yetso stron was the effect opon him of contenpliting a large fortunginm that in despit of reasond andersir he lived in eage expectation of the ord which should my cim rich
	layer_4: yet so stron was the effect upon him of contemplating a large vortunune that in despite of reason and ezire he lived in eage expectation of the wod which should ma cim rich
	layer_6: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should mak him rich
	layer_8: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_10: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_12: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich

file: 4515-11057-0001.flac
expected: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_2: uapart of that imperession was du o fhe engagement which he must nou ful fel
	layer_4: a part of that impression was dueeto the engagement which he must nw fulfiel
	layer_6: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfel
	layer_8: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfel
	layer_10: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfel
	layer_12: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfeel

file: 4515-11057-0002.flac
expected: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_2: to shulf al out of this juty would mike him to i noible evrn in his on eyes
	layer_4: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignobled even in his own eyes
	layer_6: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignobled even in his own eyes
	layer_8: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_10: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_12: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignobled even in his own eyes

file: 4515-11057-0003.flac
expected: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_2: because in his sellwed dis ha dallied with a girl whoho had in deed many chos step bly step he had come to the necessity of sacrifaicing his prospicts to that ra attachment
	layer_4: because in his sallid dis ha dallied with the girl who had indeed many chares step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that ral attachment
	layer_6: because in his salad das he dallied with the girl who had indeed many charmes step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raa attachment
	layer_8: because in his salid days he dallied with tha girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roar attachment
	layer_10: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roarl attachment
	layer_12: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roarl attachment

file: 4515-11057-0004.flac
expected: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park
	layer_2: i ible to think of ork he left the houseand wanbed blumlly about wrangien s pok
	layer_4: onible to think of work he left the house and wondered blumerly about reangen spork
	layer_6: uniable to think of work he left the house and wandered bloomeily about regient spark
	layer_8: unble to think of work he left the house and wandered bloomily about ragent'sbark
	layer_10: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regents bark
	layer_12: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent'sbark

file: 4515-11057-0005.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fate's instrument
	layer_2: he held himself ill used by destiny a verefort by moiyia ho was fights instrment
	layer_4: he sheled himself ill used by destiny ad verefore by moniond ho was fihtes instrumente
	layer_6: he feltd himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marrion who was fates instrument
	layer_8: he fhelt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marrion who was fates instrument
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument

file: 4515-11057-0006.flac
expected: he wrote to marian
	layer_2: he wrigted to mowing hin
	layer_4: he writed to mouning him
	layer_6: he write to mounting him
	layer_8: he rite to mounting him
	layer_10: he rite to mounting him
	layer_12: he rite to mounting him

file: 4515-11057-0007.flac
expected: will you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_2: whel you let le hear orh comemand seeming
	layer_4: whiel you let me hear or come an seeming
	layer_6: whenl you let me her or come and seeming
	layer_8: when you let me hear or come and seeming
	layer_10: when you let me hear or come and seemin
	layer_12: when you let me hear or come and seemin

file: 4515-11057-0008.flac
expected: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kill himself
	layer_2: i scarcely thought ave befon has mihkely to kimel himself
	layer_4: i scarcely thought havde biffen has mighkly to kilnn himself
	layer_6: i scarcely thought hof biffen as likely to kinn himself
	layer_8: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kin himself
	layer_10: i scarcely thought of biffin as likely to kinn himself
	layer_12: i scarcely thought of biffin as likely to kin himself

file: 4515-11057-0009.flac
expected: but why the deuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_2: but my that ce stid he got al the byi hout theer
	layer_4: but moy the jew sted he go all the way out ther
	layer_6: but moy that dewe did he go all the wayr out there
	layer_8: but my the jewce did he go all the way out there
	layer_10: but y the jewcse did he go all the way out there
	layer_12: but my the jewse did he go all the way out there

file: 4515-11057-0010.flac
expected: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_2: i heie  y w ul brmi sunners
	layer_4: i hope to wouth brin mi sane ners
	layer_6: i hoped ou would bring me some news
	layer_8: i hoped heu would bring me some news
	layer_10: i hoped ye would bring me some news
	layer_12: i hoped he would bring me some news

file: 4515-11057-0011.flac
expected: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_2: pothety oi cannoaely suppise
	layer_4: potity youi can nonly surpose
	layer_6: povety i can only suppose
	layer_8: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_10: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_12: poverty i can only suppose

file: 4515-11057-0012.flac
expected: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_2: but i will see welke doae i hadn't come acros biffen for alon tieme
	layer_4: but i will see welt daw i hadn't come across bifen for a long time
	layer_6: but i will see welt daw i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_8: but i will see weltdal i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_10: but i will see weltdal i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_12: but i will see wheltdal i hadn't come across byffon for a long time

file: 4515-11057-0013.flac
expected: was he still so very poor
	layer_2: whils he stillso nary por
	layer_4: whils he still so mary poor
	layer_6: whils he still so mary poor
	layer_8: whilst he still so merry poor
	layer_10: wilst he still so merry poor
	layer_12: whist he still so merry poor

file: 4515-11057-0014.flac
expected: asked amy compassionately
	layer_2: askedt imydh compassionaely
	layer_4: asked imen compassionatly
	layer_6: asked imy compassionately
	layer_8: ossked imy compassionately
	layer_10: osed aime compassionately
	layer_12: ossed aime compassionately

file: 4515-11057-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_2: i 'mafraigd sim his book faild utely
	layer_4: i'am afrad so his book faild utenly
	layer_6: i 'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_8: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_10: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_12: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly

file: 4515-11057-0016.flac
expected: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_2: oh if i had amagind him still in such destrescs sarely i migt have on something to herp hu
	layer_4: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i wite have done something to heop heu
	layer_6: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help hi
	layer_8: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help hiu
	layer_10: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help houm
	layer_12: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help you

file: 4515-11057-0017.flac
expected: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_2: pr chaince his death was impar aributable to that hopeles love
	layer_4: perchance his death was impart atributable to that hopless love
	layer_6: perchance his death was imparte attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_8: perchance his death was inpart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_10: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_12: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love

file: 4515-11057-0018.flac
expected: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_2: he sent me accopye of his noble she saind and i saway him once or towisafter that
	layer_4: he sent me a copy of his noble she seind and i saw a him once or twice after that
	layer_6: he sent me a copy of his knobbele she seind and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_8: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_10: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_12: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that

file: 4515-11057-0019.flac
expected: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_2: having this subjecto conversupon put the two wae quicqkly at eas than could other wis have been the case
	layer_4: having this subjecta converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_6: having this subject at converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwice have been the case
	layer_8: having this subject it converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_10: having this subject it converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_12: having this subject it converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case

file: 4515-11057-0020.flac
expected: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women
	layer_2: ai me mitdto take a formost plice amang brilty wierd
	layer_4: amy mit take a formost place among brily wihern
	layer_6: amy might take a foremost place among brildim wimered
	layer_8: amy might take a foremost place among brildium women
	layer_10: amy might take a foremost place among brilian women
	layer_12: amy might take a foremost place among briliam women

file: 4515-11057-0021.flac
expected: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_2: aspecialy now thert her fathe is thriad wth bloinness
	layer_4: especially now that her father is threed with loinness
	layer_6: especially now that her father is threned with bloindness
	layer_8: especially now that her father is threated with blindness
	layer_10: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_12: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness

file: 4515-11057-0022.flac
expected: is it so serious
	layer_2: is it somsurous
	layer_4: is it somserious
	layer_6: is its some serious
	layer_8: is it so serious
	layer_10: is it so serious
	layer_12: is it so serious

file: 4515-11057-0023.flac
expected: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_2: even if mistr ur recoverse his sighde it is not ot all likelin that he will be abled to work as before
	layer_4: even if mister your recovers his side at is not ae all likely that wheo will be able to worp as before
	layer_6: even if mister yul recovers his side it is not at all likely that whe will be able to work us before
	layer_8: even if mister euke recovers his side it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_10: even if mister yuke recovers his side it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_12: even if mister yure recovers his side it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before

file: 4515-11057-0024.flac
expected: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_2: and difficulties a so grave that
	layer_4: an difficult is a so grave that
	layer_6: and difficult is a so grave that
	layer_8: and difficultyies are so grave that
	layer_10: and difficulties are so grave that
	layer_12: and difficulties are so grave that

file: 4515-11057-0025.flac
expected: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_2: he pased and lae his hand fil dispodantly
	layer_4: he paused and led his hand fil dispodently
	layer_6: he taused and led his hand faile despondently
	layer_8: he paused and led his hand faile despondently
	layer_10: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_12: he paused and let his hand fail despondently

file: 4515-11057-0026.flac
expected: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_2: i have a good dal of will hyou remember and what i have set my myin tapo kno dout i shall some daia chavfe
	layer_4: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mynd tuponm no doubt i shall some daa chieth
	layer_6: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day a chief
	layer_8: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achiefe
	layer_10: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_12: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve

file: 4515-11057-0027.flac
expected: there was silence
	layer_2: fete was solis
	layer_4: theye ware solens
	layer_6: there were solens
	layer_8: there were silent
	layer_10: there was silence
	layer_12: there was silence

file: 4515-11057-0028.flac
expected: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_2: thelost thoree yeas hi continuued have might kno slight differntce aid my position
	layer_4: the last three yes he continued have mght know slight difference in my position
	layer_6: the last three years he continued have madt no slight difference in my position
	layer_8: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_10: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_12: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position

file: 4515-11057-0029.flac
expected: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_2: recol were i stood when ye fist eamig
	layer_4: recall where i stood when you first nneming
	layer_6: recol where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_8: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_10: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_12: recall where i stood when you first knew me

file: 4515-11057-0030.flac
expected: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_2: just nat wi a mi neadiof a liftlincoraguent
	layer_4: just nawhi ama nade of a litl encourragement
	layer_6: just noww i am i nad ove a little encouragement
	layer_8: just now i am in nat ov a little encouragement
	layer_10: just now i am in nad ove a little encouragement
	layer_12: just now i am in nad ove a little encouragement

file: 4515-11057-0031.flac
expected: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_2: hye don't knohtoucse any falling ouf i my bwor creacentlyg
	layer_4: you don't noticse any falling off e my work recently
	layer_6: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_8: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_10: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_12: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently

file: 4515-11057-0032.flac
expected: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_2: do you see by hings in the cart and soow generaly
	layer_4: do you see my tings in the carent and so o generally
	layer_6: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_8: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_10: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_12: do you see my things in the current and so on generally

file: 4515-11057-0033.flac
expected: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_2: sometimes ike believe or have detectegong whent ther was nosikathure
	layer_4: sometimes lie believe i have detectadoun whent there was no sicnature
	layer_6: sometimes like believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_8: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_10: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_12: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature

file: 4515-11057-0034.flac
expected: her story in that girls paper has attracted attention
	layer_2: her storn  that girl's piper has attracted attantion
	layer_4: her storin that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_6: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_8: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_10: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_12: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention

file: 4515-11057-0035.flac
expected: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_2: and i could so easily pother rest fi renouncing all claim u pon her
	layer_4: and i could so easily put her rest by renouncing all clam upon her
	layer_6: and i could so easily put her rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_8: and i could so easily put her a rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_10: and i could so easily put her rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_12: and i could so easily put her rest by renouncing all claim upon her

file: 4515-11057-0036.flac
expected: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_2: y sumys thet that yu yourself would al sid be put et rest by such o decision
	layer_4: i surmmis that that you yourself would allsi be put a rest by such a decision
	layer_6: i sumis that that you yourself would also ble put a rest by such a decision
	layer_8: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_10: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_12: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision

file: 4515-11057-0037.flac
expected: don't look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_2: jinm olok at me with hat au wrunicl smi he pleted
	layer_4: jing wilok at me with that aurronical smile he pleaded
	layer_6: jint wiolok at me with that aronical smile he pleaded
	layer_8: joint looke at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_10: joynt look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_12: joynt look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded

file: 4515-11057-0038.flac
expected: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_2: i couldn't gb out the claring dhan i was har boracan in any of in i must be c ontemt for paple to judg ny according to v disposition and judgementsuo pretty sur to be youn five orble what can i do
	layer_4: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart boracan in any o en i must be contenpt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgements of pretty sure to beyound fav orable what can i do
	layer_6: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart borkan in any ef et i must be contemt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgements are pretty sure to be on favorable what can i do
	layer_8: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbrken in any event i must be contenpt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgements are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_10: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_12: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do

file: 4515-11057-0039.flac
expected: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_2: the casies to delicad i fer form my and vice
	layer_4: the casis too delicate i fear for my anvice
	layer_6: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_8: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_10: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_12: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice

file: 4515-11057-0040.flac
expected: well i'll go back to my scribbling
	layer_2: well i'l go back to my scriply
	layer_4: well i'll go beck to my scriply
	layer_6: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_8: well i'll go back to my scriptly
	layer_10: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_12: well i'll go back to my scriply

file: 4515-11057-0041.flac
expected: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_2: i gain jst be held thef bigt softained for a superfleus monent
	layer_4: again jast beheld the whight softained for a superfuluous moment
	layer_6: again jasbeheld the whight soft haned for a superfluous moment
	layer_8: again jaspeheld the whigte soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_10: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_12: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment

file: 4515-11057-0042.flac
expected: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_2: yet forsuch feelixs he repouched himself and the reporach mbaedt him angry
	layer_4: yet for such feelings he repoached himself and the reprrach mae him angry
	layer_6: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reprach made him angry
	layer_8: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_10: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_12: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry

file: 4515-11057-0043.flac
expected: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_2: maryian could notmostake the eair of restless trouble on her companion slve counnants
	layer_4: marian could not mistake the eair of restless trouble on her companion smioth countenance
	layer_6: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion smooth countenance
	layer_8: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion smooth countenance
	layer_10: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_12: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance

file: 4515-11057-0044.flac
expected: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she had approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_2: she had devoined that there was somne grav ereason for this sunence and ther panting with which she opproached was half cased by the enxious pecs of her heart
	layer_4: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this suence and the panting with which she approached was halft caused by the anxious beets of her heart
	layer_6: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this soens and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_8: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this sonmns and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_10: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summon's and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_12: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summon's and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart

file: 4515-11057-0045.flac
expected: he began abruptly
	layer_2: he begain abrouptly
	layer_4: he began abropty
	layer_6: he began abruptly
	layer_8: he began abruptly
	layer_10: he began abruptly
	layer_12: he began abruptly

file: 4515-11057-0046.flac
expected: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_2: he gave her such dytous as he had omtaint teen added
	layer_4: he gave her such detowus as he had obtained then added
	layer_6: he gave her such detaws as he had obtained then added
	layer_8: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_10: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_12: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added

file: 4515-11057-0047.flac
expected: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_2: theyire two of mik c ampanons fol n in the battle
	layer_4: thereare two of myk campanions fall an in the battle
	layer_6: there are two of my companions fallend in the battle
	layer_8: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_10: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_12: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle

file: 4515-11057-0048.flac
expected: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what
	layer_2: i oughto think myself a lackinyg felli maind what
	layer_4: bi ought to think myself a luckin fell ie maried wat
	layer_6: i ought to think myself a lucky felli marrioad what
	layer_8: i ought to think myself a lucky felli marrian what
	layer_10: i ought to think myself a lucky felliw marrian what
	layer_12: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marrian what

file: 4515-11057-0049.flac
expected: you are better fitted to fight your way jasper
	layer_2: you wore bet a frited to fight your wy jasper
	layer_4: youwr betterfritten to fight your way jaspe
	layer_6: you wre better fritte to fight your way jaspa
	layer_8: you're better fritten to fight your way jaspa
	layer_10: youe better frittened to fight your way jaspa
	layer_12: you better frittened to fight your way jaspa

file: 4515-11057-0050.flac
expected: more of a brute you mean
	layer_2: dlnor of a breet ethen
	layer_4: lowr of a breet evin
	layer_6: lor of a breet yvine
	layer_8: flor of a brit evine
	layer_10: flour of a brite evine
	layer_12: flor of a brite evine

file: 4515-11057-0051.flac
expected: you know very well i don't
	layer_2: he rknoa veryng well i toinet
	layer_4: heare know very well i don't
	layer_6: heare know very well i don't
	layer_8: her know very well i don't
	layer_10: here knows very well i don't
	layer_12: here knows very well i don't

file: 4515-11057-0052.flac
expected: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_2: i have mide ave my mind oout aorafas he wein torm preisently
	layer_4: i have made up my mind a ourt arafhers he wentorm presently
	layer_6: i have made up my mind about oraffeirs he went om presently
	layer_8: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_10: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_12: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently

file: 4515-11057-0053.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: ges
	layer_4: ges
	layer_6: ges
	layer_8: yuess
	layer_10: guess
	layer_12: guess

file: 4515-11057-0054.flac
expected: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_2: will you marrimley and let as tikeer chancs
	layer_4: will you marryme and let us tike i chance
	layer_6: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_8: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_10: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_12: will you marry me and let us take your chance

file: 4515-11057-0055.flac
expected: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_2: youfeel yourself indespensible tyof fatherapresent
	layer_4: you feel yourself indispensible to your father ate present
	layer_6: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_8: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_10: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_12: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present

file: 4515-11057-0056.flac
expected: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_2: i should be some a frigd of the effect upon his health jespe
	layer_4: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_6: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_8: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_10: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_12: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper

file: 4515-11057-0057.flac
expected: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_2: she palsed and looked uper hintouchingli
	layer_4: she paused and looked up at hin touching y
	layer_6: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_8: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_10: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_12: she paused and looked up at him touchingly

file: 4515-11057-0058.flac
expected: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind
	layer_2: dar i cat feel it would be my duty to rnouds she because my father had becomet bliht
	layer_4: diya i can't feel it would be my duty tornoue he because my father had become blid
	layer_6: diya i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce u because my father had become bloid
	layer_8: deaa i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blid
	layer_10: de i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blide
	layer_12: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind

file: 4515-11057-0059.flac
expected: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_2: has one thing accure to you
	layer_4: has one thing accur to you
	layer_6: has one thing occur to you
	layer_8: has one thing occured to you
	layer_10: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_12: has one thing occurred to you

file: 4515-11057-0060.flac
expected: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus milvain
	layer_2: will he could semnt to receiv in aloaane fo a person whose name is missus no pblay
	layer_4: will he coln sent to receive in alowance from e person whose name is missus no ban
	layer_6: will he consent to receive in allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvane
	layer_8: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nolvain
	layer_10: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_12: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain

file: 4515-11057-0061.flac
expected: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_2: and if he obstonatly refuses what then what his before hem
	layer_4: and if he obstinately refuses what then what his before him
	layer_6: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_8: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_10: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_12: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him

file: 4515-11057-0062.flac
expected: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_2: she listen ther anxioustly and reflected
	layer_4: she listenedthe anxiously and reflected
	layer_6: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_8: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_10: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_12: she listened anxiously and reflected

file: 4515-11057-0063.flac
expected: as i have said there is the very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_2: as i have seaid there is a very serious doubt whe th your fathe would ecept money forbu when yeu wll mo wifeth
	layer_4: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whethryour father would except money for bou when you will mo wife
	layer_6: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whetheryour father would accept money from you when you war mo wife
	layer_8: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you ware my wife
	layer_10: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_12: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife

file: 4515-11057-0064.flac
expected: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_2: it isn'tyourfoul marian and well then thers anly one thing todo
	layer_4: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_6: it isn't your fault marion and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_8: it isn't your fault marion and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_10: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_12: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do

file: 4515-11057-0065.flac
expected: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_2: excerptd gesper that hif father his helpless i mus find means of a sureing his suppart
	layer_4: except jasper then hif father his helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_6: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_8: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_10: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_12: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support

file: 4515-11057-0066.flac
expected: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_2: diui hink then insemoutable
	layer_4: do you think them insumoutable
	layer_6: do you think them insumountable
	layer_8: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_10: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_12: do you think them insurmountable

file: 4515-11057-0067.flac
expected: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_2: that is just ha h rha dissid ad his imgpossible man you shall have the plin trth
	layer_4: that his just what her h decideat his impossible monian you shall have the plaing truth
	layer_6: that is just what i he decided his impossible monan you shall have the plain truth
	layer_8: that is just what i have decided his impossible mountain you shall have the plan truth
	layer_10: that is just what i have decided his impossible mountain you shall have the plain truth
	layer_12: that is just what i have decided his impossible mountain you shall have the plain truth

file: 4515-11057-0068.flac
expected: i don't trust myself
	layer_2: i durn't trust myself
	layer_4: i don't trust myself
	layer_6: i don't trust myself
	layer_8: i don't trust myself
	layer_10: i don't trust myself
	layer_12: i don't trust myself

file: 4515-11057-0069.flac
expected: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_2: but sholld  faced the willily
	layer_4: but shald yoeuface them willigly
	layer_6: but sholl you face them willingly
	layer_8: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_10: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_12: but shall you face them willingly

file: 4515-11057-0070.flac
expected: put up your umbrella marian
	layer_2: ploe hup youroun brillof marrian
	layer_4: pull hup you run brilla marian
	layer_6: pull up you run brella marian
	layer_8: pull up you runbrella marian
	layer_10: pull up you rumbrella marian
	layer_12: pull up you rumbrella marian

file: 4515-11057-0071.flac
expected: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_2: what do i care for a drop of rine she xclaimd with passion ate sadness when all ne life is it stuke how a mighto understang you
	layer_4: what do i care for a drop ovf naine she exclaimed with passionate saidness when all myn life is it stuke how a i to understand you
	layer_6: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is it stake how am i to understaned you
	layer_8: what do i care for a drop of rein she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_10: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_12: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you

file: 4515-11057-0072.flac
expected: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_2: every wordgyou speak seemtingtended to this hartmmn
	layer_4: every word you speak semtintended to this heartond me
	layer_6: every word you speak seems intended to this heartend me
	layer_8: every word you speak seems intended to dhis heartene met
	layer_10: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_12: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me

file: 4515-11057-0073.flac
expected: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_2: y netou concelit ifthat is the truth
	layer_4: why nedour conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_6: why ned you canceal it if that is the truth
	layer_8: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_10: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_12: why need you conceal it if that is the truth

file: 4515-11057-0074.flac
expected: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_2: is that what oumb by syng ou distrusstu sef
	layer_4: is that what you me by sagng you distruss youlrl self
	layer_6: is that what you mea by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_8: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_10: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_12: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself

file: 4515-11057-0075.flac
expected: we must see each other again marian
	layer_2: we mut see ch oldthe regared maryon
	layer_4: we must sech other raegarn maria
	layer_6: we must see each other regain marian
	layer_8: we must see each other agained marian
	layer_10: we must see each other againd marian
	layer_12: we must see each other agained marian

file: 4515-11057-0076.flac
expected: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_2: how r my to leive an oni nsuch unsertainte as tiess
	layer_4: how y to live an o i in such uncertainty as this
	layer_6: how am i to live an houmr in such uncertainty as this
	layer_8: how am i to live an houir in such uncertainty as this
	layer_10: how am i to live an our in such uncertainty as this
	layer_12: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this

file: 4515-11057-0077.flac
expected: i do wish it
	layer_2: i doo wishiit
	layer_4: i do wish it
	layer_6: i do wish it
	layer_8: i do wish it
	layer_10: i do wish it
	layer_12: i do wish it

file: 4515-11057-0078.flac
expected: her emotion had an effect upon him and his voice trembled
	layer_2: herematian had n effec don him and his voice trembled
	layer_4: heremation had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_6: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_8: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_10: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_12: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled

file: 4515-11057-0079.flac
expected: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_2: there is no natural lor that a charld should s urendet emerything for her parance
	layer_4: there is no natural lore that a charld should surrendert everything for her parents
	layer_6: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_8: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_10: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_12: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents

file: 4515-11057-0080.flac
expected: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_2: youve no so much more of the world dhnided catuad vice meg
	layer_4: you' kno so much more of the wolld than ided cantuice vice me
	layer_6: you know so much more of the world than i dod can'tuadvice me
	layer_8: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_10: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_12: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me

file: 4515-11057-0081.flac
expected: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_2: is thed know wy hovf provoiding for my f otr
	layer_4: is thed now wy of provoiding for my father
	layer_6: is there no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_8: is there no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_10: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_12: is there no way of providing for my father

file: 4515-11057-0082.flac
expected: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_2: googd god this is froghtful marion i count standit
	layer_4: goe god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_6: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_8: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_10: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_12: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it

file: 4515-11057-0083.flac
expected: i will be faithful to you
	layer_2: iv will be faithful to yau
	layer_4: i will be faithful to you
	layer_6: i will be faithful to you
	layer_8: i will be faithful to you
	layer_10: i will be faithful to you
	layer_12: i will be faithful to you

file: 4515-11057-0084.flac
expected: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_2: he had mad ar proetents of holding his un browar eiovor her but mariyin tur dowy an waked to a little distance and stood beneah the shelter of a griate trie her face o verited fropium
	layer_4: he had made a pretents of holding his ubroar over her but maryanturned awy ad walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a greit treth her face a verted from him
	layer_6: he had made a pretense of holding his umbrowear over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tre her face averted from him
	layer_8: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrowar over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great treth her face averted from him
	layer_10: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrolla over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_12: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrolla over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him

file: 4515-11057-0085.flac
expected: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_2: movig to folly he saw that her frinme a shakin by soundles sording
	layer_4: movicto follow he saw that her frame wa shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_6: movit to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_8: moveing to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_10: mov it to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_12: moveit to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing

file: 4515-11057-0086.flac
expected: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_2: en what ca thei be mor soficnoess
	layer_4: inwhat can ther been more sofishness
	layer_6: in what can there be more solfishness
	layer_8: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_10: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_12: in what can there be more selfishness

file: 4515-11057-0087.flac
expected: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_2: but hi couldn't say onword that would seem to inviht such misery as this
	layer_4: but i couldn't say on word that would seem to infight such misery as this
	layer_6: but i couldn't say o word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_8: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_10: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_12: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this

file: 4515-11057-0088.flac
expected: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_2: you torn't love me jaspa and tats and end of everything
	layer_4: you dun't love me jespa and thats an end of everything
	layer_6: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything
	layer_8: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything
	layer_10: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything
	layer_12: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything

file: 4515-11057-0089.flac
expected: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_2: hapinsso miserycome toous bya fagit
	layer_4: happiness o misery come toous by fit
	layer_6: happiness or misery come to us by a fagte
	layer_8: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_10: happiness or misery come to us by a fate
	layer_12: happiness or misery come to us by fate

file: 4515-11057-0090.flac
expected: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_2: is if in miy paouet to mght bour happy
	layer_4: is if him my power to mat you happy
	layer_6: is if hin my power to make you happy
	layer_8: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_10: as if in my power to make you happy
	layer_12: as if in my power to make you happy

file: 4515-11057-0091.flac
expected: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_2: but hive he had sa heu louved we befor that i should have it allwice to remimbe
	layer_4: but if he lhad sayit he loved mee beforel that i should have it alwise to remember
	layer_6: but if he had said he loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_8: but if he had said he loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_10: but if he had said he loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_12: but if he had said he loved me before that i should have it always to remember

file: 4515-11057-0092.flac
expected: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_2: if i believe anysting i believe that i dit lovyog
	layer_4: if i believe anything i believe that i dit love yom
	layer_6: if i believe anything i believe that i did love yim
	layer_8: if i believe anything i believe that i did love him
	layer_10: if i believe anything i believe that i did love him
	layer_12: if i believe anything i believe that i did love him

file: 4515-11057-0093.flac
expected: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_2: whal can you s to meing more than you have samde now
	layer_4: what can you say to me more than you have sat na
	layer_6: what can you say to me more than you have sent nal
	layer_8: what can you say to me more than you have sent no
	layer_10: what can you say to me more than you have seint no
	layer_12: what can you say to me more than you have saint now

file: 4515-11057-0094.flac
expected: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it comes to
	layer_2: rememdberme as af man who disredgarded prisclslave such as yurs to go and mak himself u prowd position am ong fools and naves indeen that's wh its cometon
	layer_4: remamber me rs a man who disregarded priceless lave such as yours to go and make himself a proud position amongfools and naves indeed thats what its come to
	layer_6: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless lave such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what its come to
	layer_8: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless lave such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_10: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_12: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to

file: 4515-11057-0095.flac
expected: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_2: son enoughfe ould thororgly dispoise me and thugh i should knowlat was merated mi pa vers pried would revaul toginstat
	layer_4: soon enough e would thoroughly dispise me and though i should know it was merited my porvers pride would revult against it
	layer_6: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my paverse pride would revult against it
	layer_8: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_10: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_12: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it

file: 4515-11057-0096.flac
expected: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_2: whalt can be simpleot than the trufth
	layer_4: what can be simplr han the truf
	layer_6: what can be simpler than the trut
	layer_8: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_10: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_12: what can be simpler than the truth

file: 4515-11057-0097.flac
expected: it is a thing that happens every day either in man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_2: it is a fin tha happens every dy either in a man al homan and all that onoe demauns is the couragedo confest the truth
	layer_4: it is a ting that happens every day either in a man o homan and all what ono demands is the couraged to convessd the truth
	layer_6: it is a tingthat happens every daye either in a man old woman and all what honour demands is the courage to confesst the truth
	layer_8: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man old woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_10: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honor demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_12: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honor demands is the courage to confess the truth

file: 4515-11057-0098.flac
expected: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_2: maryun beore hoe d thise will you leivt her ngagement las fernothe sixmonse but withey out have meting jgurin tha tiemn
	layer_4: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last fr another sixmonts but without have meeting during that toie
	layer_6: marian will you do this will you let heur engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that tie
	layer_8: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without ouve meeting during that time
	layer_10: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_12: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time

file: 4515-11057-0099.flac
expected: that seems to me childish
	layer_2: that seins to me chadish
	layer_4: that sims to me charlish
	layer_6: that seems to me charldish
	layer_8: that seems to me childish
	layer_10: that seems to me childish
	layer_12: that seems to me childish

file: 4515-11057-0100.flac
expected: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_2: the rin el onseasing ln and with it begae to migle an or tumbal bist
	layer_4: the rain fell unceasingli and with it begad to migle an or tumbael mest
	layer_6: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle anautumbal mist
	layer_8: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_10: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_12: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist

file: 4515-11057-0101.flac
expected: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_2: jest be delighdamilent theyn asked comly
	layer_4: jest bet delit amioment theyn asked camly
	layer_6: jusbu delaghet amiment then asked calmly
	layer_8: jesbu delayhed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_10: jespr delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_12: jesper delayed a moment then asked calmly

file: 4515-11057-0102.flac
expected: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_2: you going to the museum yes
	layer_4: are you going to the musium yes
	layer_6: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_8: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_10: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_12: are you going to the museum yes

file: 4515-11057-0103.flac
expected: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_2: gohime agaie for thi smorning marri hin you cab work
	layer_4: gohime again for this morning marrian you camp work
	layer_6: gohome again for this morning marion you can't work
	layer_8: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_10: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_12: go home again for this morning marion you can't work

file: 4515-11057-0104.flac
expected: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_2: ba must and i have no tam to luis
	layer_4: by must and i have no tim to lose
	layer_6: y must and i have no time to lose
	layer_8: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_10: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_12: i must and i have no time to lose

file: 4515-11057-0105.flac
expected: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_2: good by she gave in her k ined
	layer_4: good by she gave in her heand
	layer_6: good bye she gave i her hand
	layer_8: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_10: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_12: good bye she gave him her hand

file: 4515-11057-0106.flac
expected: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_2: thi lookedadheach othe forn estat the mariin left the shellto of the tre ipeter o brella and walked quickly awy
	layer_4: thy looked at each other furn einstant the marrian left the shelter of the tree ipenter a brella and walked quickly awhi
	layer_6: they looked at each other for n instant then marian left the shelter of the tree openter ambrella and walked quickly away
	layer_8: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opene her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_10: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_12: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away

file: 4515-11057-0107.flac
expected: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_2: jast bhe did not watchher he had the face of a man who was sufferingas s ob vart hemareation
	layer_4: just te did not watch her he had the face of a mand who wis suffering a sofviea humariation
	layer_6: justber did not watch her he had the face of a man who wis suffering a seva humriation
	layer_8: jaspbar did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiiation
	layer_10: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_12: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation

file: 4515-11057-0108.flac
expected: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tones and aspect
	layer_2: his sist o save biry little for she reacog nose geniuhan suferig in his time s and aspect
	layer_4: his sister said bery little for she recognos genuin sufering in his times and aspect
	layer_6: his sister said bery little for she recognose genuine suffering in his timnes and aspect
	layer_8: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his times and aspect
	layer_10: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his times and aspect
	layer_12: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his times and aspect

file: 4515-11057-0109.flac
expected: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_2: a fewr wenksago he actually propose to wawoman for hom he does not proteme to have the slightestdeffection but her was very rich and who seemed lihkely to be foolishionough to mary hem
	layer_4: a few winkstogo he actually proposed to a woman for whome he does not preteimnd to have the slightest affection but who wis very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_6: a few winkgs ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_8: a few weks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_10: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_12: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him

file: 4515-11057-0110.flac
expected: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_2: yes t none morning he wraeceived her final aser i refusal
	layer_4: yes dh none morning he received her final answer tho refusal
	layer_6: yesthername morning he received her final answer thoug refusal
	layer_8: yesterdan morning he received her final answer thoug refusal
	layer_10: yesterda morning he received her final answer though refusal
	layer_12: yesterda morning he received her final answer though refusal

file: 4515-11057-0111.flac
expected: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_2: yoi willonderstaned thy shurly u nadt no fresh pruf how utilly a worthe he is o hu
	layer_4: you will understand thy surely you need kno  fresh prof how uttely a worthe he as of you
	layer_6: you will understand they surely you need no fresh proof how utterly uworthy he is of you
	layer_8: you will understand they surely you need no fresh proof how utterly anworthy he is of you
	layer_10: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_12: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you

file: 4515-11057-0112.flac
expected: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_2: you wr th only friaed di have of myown six and i could not bat  dse hyou
	layer_4: you re the only frendi have of my own sex and i could not beat lise you
	layer_6: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_8: you're the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_10: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_12: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you

file: 4515-11057-0113.flac
expected: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_2: several days passd before their kame of reply
	layer_4: several days past before their came af reply
	layer_6: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_8: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_10: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_12: several days passed before there came a reply

file: 4515-11057-0114.flac
expected: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_2: i must only askd thatk you wil right to me without the leas referent to thestroubles tell be oeways about yourself and besure that you cannot tell me to much
	layer_4: i must only ask that you will right to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and besure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_6: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_8: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_10: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_12: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much

file: 3915-57461-0000.flac
expected: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_2: we have succeeded in amassing too hundred euncses of silver enough i tress to arec ahandsome brownd figure
	layer_4: we have succeeded in a massing two hundred ounces of silver enough i treust to errect a handsome brownds figure
	layer_6: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome brownd figure
	layer_8: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome brownze figure
	layer_10: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_12: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure

file: 3915-57461-0001.flac
expected: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_2: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could stal thn money this prisd es bosting about i could livit ease for the rest of my days and s o he began casting about howp best he miygt compossis perpfoce
	layer_4: to be sure it seens ashame yet if i could steeal them money this pries as boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might composshis purpose
	layer_6: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_8: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compas his purpose
	layer_10: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_12: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose

file: 3915-57461-0002.flac
expected: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of kuana
	layer_2: but the prised far from guessing the drift of his comrat's thoughts durneyd cheerfully on til they reche the town of coona
	layer_4: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comraes thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana
	layer_6: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coona
	layer_8: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona
	layer_10: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana
	layer_12: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cuana

file: 3915-57461-0003.flac
expected: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_2: here there is an arm of the sea which is crosstd an fairy boats that startas soon a some twente or thirty passengers ar gather together and in one of the'se boats the two travelers amdbarkt
	layer_4: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed and fairy boats that startes soon a some twenty or thirty passengers are gatherd together and in one of these boats the two travellers and barked
	layer_6: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairy boats that start as soon af some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_8: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in farry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_10: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_12: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked

file: 3915-57461-0004.flac
expected: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_2: when the boatmen a passenders heard the splashion saw the pres struglin in the water ther were efraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair an the boat running swifly under the bellying sailes so they were soon a few hundred yards offtrom the drowning man who sank before the boatk could be turne to reskeu him
	layer_4: when the boatmen a passeners heard the splashione saw the priest strugglingin the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sailes so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to reskie him
	layer_6: when the boatmen ad passengers heard the splash and saw the priest strugglin in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly underd the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_8: when the boatman and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_10: when the boatman and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_12: when the boatman and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him

file: 3915-57461-0005.flac
expected: when he saw this the ronin feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kiyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_2: when he saw thas the ron faind the outmost crief en tismam and said to his fellow pasendgers this prised twoom we hav just lost was my cousn't he was going to kioto to visit the shrin of his patrent and as i happened to have business there is well we settled to travele together
	layer_4: when he saw this the ron fained the utmost crief in dismame and said to his fellow passengers this priezed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patront and as i happened to have business there is well we settled to travelle together
	layer_6: when he saw this the ron faigned the utmost crief in dismai and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kuioto to visit the shrine of his patront and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_8: when he saw this the run  feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patront and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_10: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to koyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_12: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together

file: 3915-57461-0006.flac
expected: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_2: nowlast by this mis fortune my cousan is dead and i am left al lone
	layer_4: nowalast by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left a lone
	layer_6: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_8: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_10: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_12: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone

file: 3915-57461-0007.flac
expected: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story and pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_2: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely thaet the passengers belieaved astory an pidied in tried comforedem
	layer_4: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed ha story anmd pitied and tried to comfor hem
	layer_6: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story an pitied and tried to comfor them
	layer_8: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story and pitied and tried to comfort them
	layer_10: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story ind pitied and tried to comfort them
	layer_12: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story ind pitied and tried to comfort them

file: 3915-57461-0008.flac
expected: then the ronin said to the boatmen
	layer_2: then the roun an said to the boatemen
	layer_4: then the roan an said to the boatmen
	layer_6: then the roan and said to the boatman
	layer_8: then the roan and said to the boatman
	layer_10: then the roanan said to the boatman
	layer_12: then the roanan said to the boatman

file: 3915-57461-0009.flac
expected: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_2: what think you gentleman addit he turning to the other thravelers
	layer_4: what think you gentleman added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_6: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_8: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_10: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_12: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers

file: 3915-57461-0010.flac
expected: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronin had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_2: they of course were only two glad to a voit any hindrance to theire on weard journy and all with one voice agreed to wet the roun an haeve proposed ands o the matter was sittled
	layer_4: they of course were only towo glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ron ind have proposed and so the matter wash sittled
	layer_6: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the roan and had proposed and so the matter was sitdled
	layer_8: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonan had proposed and so the matter was sedtled
	layer_10: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonan had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_12: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonan had proposed and so the matter was settled

file: 3915-57461-0011.flac
expected: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronin overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiyoto
	layer_2: whend at lengh they reached the shore they lefthaboat and every men went his way but the ron int over joyed and is heart tooke the wondering prece luggage and puting it with his on persud his journey to kolta
	layer_4: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ron it overjoyed and his heart took the wandering prest luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiota
	layer_6: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the roanit overjoyed in his heart took the wondering priests luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kixoto
	layer_8: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronet overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kuioto
	layer_10: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the roanat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kuioto
	layer_12: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the roanat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quioto

file: 3915-57461-0012.flac
expected: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_2: fortune favoring his speculations he began to a mas great wealth ind lived at his eas denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_4: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a mas great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_6: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a massk great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_8: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amassk great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_10: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_12: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child

file: 3915-57461-0013.flac
expected: since then all has gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_2: since then allwas gone we wats me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassane nor thif
	layer_4: since then allwas gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassan nor thief
	layer_6: since then allways gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned ta sassin northief
	layer_8: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned ta sassin northief
	layer_10: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned a sassin nor h thief
	layer_12: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor h thief

file: 3915-57461-0014.flac
expected: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_2: he would aveflead into the house but the ghos stretch forth hi t withered arm and clutching the back of is next scalled at him with a veendict ovf glar ana hiteous gasliness of mean so one speakably awful that any ordinary man would have swoone with fear
	layer_4: he would haveflead into the house but the ghos stretch forth hids withered arm and clutching the back of his next scalled at him with a vindicet ivf glar and a hideous gasliness of meam so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swoond with fear
	layer_6: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth hits withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vendictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_8: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth hits withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of meam so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_10: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mam so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_12: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of meam so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear

file: 3915-57461-0015.flac
expected: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokubei fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_2: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took abay fell ill and kat muttering o misseryi misery the wandering priese is coming t torturme
	layer_4: at length undone by such ceaseless fexation took a bey fell ill and kep muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_6: at length undonne by such ceaseless vexation took abay fell ill and kep muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_8: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took a bay fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_10: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took a bay fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_12: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took a bay fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me

file: 3915-57461-0016.flac
expected: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next street
	layer_2: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering prese two lodged in the nextren
	layer_4: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest two lodged in the nextrent
	layer_6: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest wo lodged in the next trent
	layer_8: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next treem
	layer_10: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream
	layer_12: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream

file: 3915-57461-0017.flac
expected: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_2: and hidinghis had under the coverlet he la quivering all over
	layer_4: and hiding his had under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_6: and hiding his head under the cover let he la quivering all over
	layer_8: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over
	layer_10: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over
	layer_12: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over

file: 3915-57461-0018.flac
expected: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_2: three years aco ad the coon affairy you flung me into the water and welld you rememberit
	layer_4: three years ago at the coon a fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_6: three years ago at the cu ona fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_8: three years ago at the kuana fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_10: three years ago at the kuana fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_12: three years ago at the kuana fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it

file: 3915-57461-0019.flac
expected: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_2: happily contenued the prieast i had learned to swim and to divas a boy so i reached the sore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up a brond figure to buda thu's fa fhilling the wish of my heart
	layer_4: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and todiv as a boy sow i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up a brond figure to budda thusfulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_6: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up a brond figure to budda thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_8: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronde figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_10: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_12: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart

file: 3915-57461-0020.flac
expected: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_2: on my journey homewords i took he lodging in the nexttret and there heard of your marvulus ailement
	layer_4: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next tret and their heard of your marvelous alement
	layer_6: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous alment
	layer_8: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_10: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_12: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment

file: 3915-57461-0021.flac
expected: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_2: thinking i could divindat's caus ti came to seeu and henm glad tofind i was not mostaken
	layer_4: thinking i could divine hats cause i came to see you and them glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_6: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and tam glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_8: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_10: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_12: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken

file: 3915-57461-0022.flac
expected: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_2: and would int not illl become me to bear malice
	layer_4: and wouldnt not illl become me to bear malace
	layer_6: and wouldn not ill become me to bear malaces
	layer_8: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_10: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_12: and would it not ill become me to bear malice

file: 3915-57461-0023.flac
expected: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_2: repent therefore in a bandinoar evalways
	layer_4: repent therefore in abandonyour evil ways
	layer_6: repent therefore an abandon your evil ways
	layer_8: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_10: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_12: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways

file: 3915-57461-0024.flac
expected: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_2: to see you do so i should u sten the height of happiness
	layer_4: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_6: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_8: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_10: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_12: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness

file: 3915-57461-0025.flac
expected: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_2: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and eu will see that i am really a living man and no venthful doblan come te toermat iua
	layer_4: be of good sheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really aliving man and no vengeful goblin come to tormet ya
	layer_6: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to tormet you
	layer_8: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_10: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_12: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you

file: 3915-57461-0026.flac
expected: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_2: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robi
	layer_4: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu
	layer_6: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu
	layer_8: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob yu
	layer_10: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_12: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you

file: 3915-57461-0027.flac
expected: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_2: fortimn be friended me ever after but the ricre i grew the more kenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i fore saw that my victm's fengionce would some day overtake meg
	layer_4: fortune be friended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's fengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_6: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_8: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would someday overtake me
	layer_10: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_12: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me

file: 3915-57461-0028.flac
expected: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_2: hante by this thought i lost my nerve tiold one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_4: haunte by this thought i lost my nerve toil one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forthfell ill
	layer_6: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve tild one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_8: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_10: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_12: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill

file: 3915-57461-0029.flac
expected: but how you managed to escape and are still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_2: but how you manirged to has scape in her stil a live is more than i can understand
	layer_4: but how you manage to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_6: but how you managed to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_8: but how you managed to escape ind her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_10: but how you manage to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_12: but how you manage to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand

file: 3915-57461-0030.flac
expected: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork's beak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_2: a gilty man said the priesed with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind r the chadttering of hi storkspeak a murders conscience prais upon his min til he seas what is not
	layer_4: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of hi stork speak a murders conscience praise upon his mind til he seas what is not
	layer_6: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of ha storic speak a murderer's conscience praise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_8: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of has storick speak a murderer's conscience preise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_10: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of historic speak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_12: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of his storic speak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not

file: 3915-98647-0000.flac
expected: every well ordered japanese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_2: every well orderd jakngs home of the old fashion kning heas its little shronm which as the centr of the religeith lie i the house
	layer_4: every well ordered jaopkigs home of the old fashioned kin has its little shrine which is the centr of the religieth life of the house
	layer_6: every well ordered japnes home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the centr of the religioush life of the house
	layer_8: every well ordered japnese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrume which is the centere of the religious life of the house
	layer_10: every well ordered japnese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_12: every well ordered japnese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house

file: 3915-98647-0001.flac
expected: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day and anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_2: she ds who seths the rice ond woine bef wore the ans esteal tablets who lights the little lamedbeach nigte and who seied that at each fe ttay n ande ers re sason the proper food is prepared and set out for the househtld godts
	layer_4: sheitis who sets the rice and wine before the ands esteral tablets who lights the little lamd beach knive and who seised that at each fe stay and aneverseary season the proper foodis repared and set out for the household gods
	layer_6: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lampeach knit and who sees that at each fes day in aniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_8: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each knigfe and who sees that at each feeast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_10: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each knight and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_12: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each knight and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods

file: 3915-98647-0002.flac
expected: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safeguard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_2: these must be kupt carefully by the mothers o safe gardagans the many eviles the beset cshild life
	layer_4: these must be kept carefully by the mother is i safe gard againcse the many ebiles tha beset child life
	layer_6: these must be kept carefully by the mother is a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_8: these must be kept carefully by the mother is a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_10: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_12: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset shild life

file: 3915-98647-0003.flac
expected: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_2: visits tonoted temples by realatofs mfriends ofteno resalt in additions to the child' colection
	layer_4: visits to noted temples by relatives m friends often result an additions to the child's collection
	layer_6: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result and additions to the child's collection
	layer_8: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result an additions to the child's collection
	layer_10: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in addition to the child's collection
	layer_12: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in addition to the child's collection

file: 3915-98647-0004.flac
expected: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_2: all these are put together by the carefom mother an preserved as shaellously as queenou the akept the chard stick that govered the destin the evfor son
	layer_4: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as sellousle as queen oft the akept the chard stick that governed the destin they over son
	layer_6: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen of tea kept the chared stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_8: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen athia kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_10: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_12: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son

file: 3915-98647-0005.flac
expected: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and they are usually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_2: as the childrn arriveat years of dischrussion these treasurs pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hans of their actual eers and theire yearsly kept storedt away and some little use drarer cabnant ntild death remove the nhecessity fort any further savfe gardts overlife
	layer_4: as the children arrivat years of discression these treasures pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hands of their actual onters and theire yearsly kept stored away and some little used drawerer cadbnent until death removes the necessity for any further savfe gard t over life
	layer_6: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual onders and their yearly kept storitd away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_8: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual ownners and their yearsly kept storiet away ind some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_10: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of ther mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their yearly kept stored away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_12: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of their mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their yearsly kept stored away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life

file: 3915-98647-0006.flac
expected: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of pros and cons can read aright the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_2: ech ani ma brings its own kind of gooder bad loc in to the hour day or year over which o prodits and only a skilful boanser prosand comns can red a right the coninations and understand what the luck of any partecuv her hour in any particulared day of any perticular yoer will be
	layer_4: each animal brings its own kind of good or badluck into the hour day or year over which a prodides and only a skilful balancer  prosend conds can red a right the coninations and understand what the luck of any particuler hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_6: each animal brings its own kind of good or badluck into the hour day or year over which it prodides and only a skilful balancer af prosan kons can read a righte the comdinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_8: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of prose and cons can read awrite the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_10: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of prose and cons can read arite the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_12: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of prose and cons can read awrite the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be

file: 3915-98647-0007.flac
expected: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_2: or the greater avents of family life the home propesies or felt to be two uncertainnind this services of the fortan telloer must be called in
	layer_4: for the greater events of family life the whome prophecies are felt to be two uncertain in this services of the fortunetellher must be called hin
	layer_6: for the greater events of family life the whome prophecies are felt to be too uncertain han this services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_8: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain an the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_10: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain in the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_12: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain an the services of the fortune teller must be called in

file: 3915-98647-0008.flac
expected: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_2: no well manish family wulh think ofd building in new house without finding in what direction to thacse toe front door
	layer_4: no well manished family would thinko building an new house without finding in what direction to fpace the front door
	layer_6: no well manished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_8: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_10: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_12: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door

file: 3915-98647-0009.flac
expected: after this matter has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_2: after this manner has ben settled an the houses fairly begun there are accasanal chricees in its construction upon which much depents
	layer_4: after this manner has been settled and the houses fairly begun there are occasional chricies an its construction upon which much depens
	layer_6: after this manner has been settled and the hous is fairly begun there are occasionale crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_8: after this manner has been settled and the house es fairly begun there are occasional crises and its construction upon which much depends
	layer_10: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_12: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends

file: 3915-98647-0010.flac
expected: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_2: of these the most importaness the da lwhen the broof iserst
	layer_4: of these the most importantes the day when the roof as rased
	layer_6: of these the most importanased the day when the rof israised
	layer_8: of these the most importanas the day when the roof is raised
	layer_10: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_12: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised

file: 3915-98647-0011.flac
expected: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_2: the huseonor then  the side whether the days sat by the builderis alecking one for himself and his family
	layer_4: the house ownered then  the side whether the day set by the builder is a leicking one for himself and his family
	layer_6: the house owner then the side whether the day set by the builder is a leckang one for himself and his family
	layer_8: the house owner then the sides whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_10: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a leckyng one for himself and his family
	layer_12: the house owner then becides whether the day set by the builder is a leckyng one for himself and his family

file: 3915-98647-0012.flac
expected: a present of money to each workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job in hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the ridge pole cast down cakes for which the children of the neighborhood scramble joyfully
	layer_2: a present of money tt wordman is also and order and will conduse to the rapid in fathful execution of the jhobat hin when it last the houseis fharnishd and carprene ders om plapsters arready to leveit the locl firamen who have a sisted all along in the building as unskilld labors often as sn to the roofh and from the bridgh pull cass down cakes for which the shildrenm hin the neighbour hood scramble jhoyfully
	layer_4: a present of money toeat worknun is also an order and will conduce to the rapid in faithful execution of the jobat hand when it last the houses foinished an carbrenders and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firaman who have assisted all along in the building as unskild laborers oftlen assen to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the childrenmthin the neighborhood scrambled jhoyfully
	layer_6: a present of money to eac worknen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the housis finished in carboenters and plasterers ore ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskiled laborers often assen to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children an the neighbourhood scrambled jhoyfully
	layer_8: a present of money to each workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carboenters and plasterers or ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often assend to the roof and from the bridge pulle cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_10: a present of money to eat workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridge pole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_12: a present of money to eat workmen is also an order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridge pole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully

file: 3915-98647-0013.flac
expected: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_2: all come who can an those who can not comsen servantsor provisions
	layer_4: alcome who can and those who cannot comesen servants or provisions
	layer_6: all come who can and those who cannot come stin servants or provisions
	layer_8: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_10: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_12: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions

file: 3915-98647-0014.flac
expected: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan
	layer_2: on the day after thi death often in the evening the bodty must re placed in the casks shaped coffun that until resently was ta style commonly innusnge aphan
	layer_4: on the day after the death often in the evening the bodyg must replaced in the cask shaped coffind that until resently was e style commonly a usangeophan
	layer_6: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until resently was a styled commonly in usan japan
	layer_8: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in using japan
	layer_10: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a caskue shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in using japan
	layer_12: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a caske shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in using japan

file: 3915-98647-0015.flac
expected: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with burial in the old way makes the survival of the old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_2: now among the welth your classes the long coffin has superceated the small swhar or round on but the smlergpens connecto with he buaril in the old way mxees servival of  an old tighme unecessity for the majeority of japinas
	layer_4: now among the wealchyour classes the long coffin has superceeded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with ha bariel in the old way mixs survival of an old type anecessity for the majority of japanes
	layer_6: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superceeded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with a burial in the old way maxes survival of an old type anecessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_8: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makxe survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_10: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makesa survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_12: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese

file: 3915-98647-0016.flac
expected: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_2: at an appointed time all the relatove the semble in the defh chamber and preperations are made for the bathing of the courps
	layer_4: at an appointed time all the relatives thes semble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_6: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_8: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_10: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_12: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse

file: 3915-98647-0017.flac
expected: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_2: here's no  ficial sare moniyo morning of parents for their children nor d eis custom require them the perfornmt any of the last rights oratend t he unnel
	layer_4: thereis no official ceremonial morning of parents for their children nor dis custrome require them to perform any of the last rights or attend he vunral
	layer_6: thereis no official seremonial morning of parents for their children nor doescustom require them to perform any of the last rihts or attend e funeral
	layer_8: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor doscustom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_10: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_12: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral

file: 3915-98647-0018.flac
expected: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_2: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attendin to all of the last sad ministrations
	layer_4: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all of the last sad ministrations
	layer_6: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all f the last sad ministrations
	layer_8: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_10: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all of the last sad ministrations
	layer_12: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all of the last sad ministrations

file: 3915-98647-0019.flac
expected: when the body has been washed it is dressed in white in silk habutai whenever the family can afford it
	layer_2: when the body has been washed as as dresset an white and sil caboti when evert e familicen a fordhat
	layer_4: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white and silcabotime wheneverthe familicaln affordit
	layer_6: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white an silcabotie whenever the famili can affordent
	layer_8: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white an sil caboutin whenever the family can afford int
	layer_10: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silk cabautie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_12: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silk cabautie whenever the family can afford it

file: 3915-98647-0020.flac
expected: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_2: the body to be placed in the coffon must befolded into a sitting posture nd the chin restic o upon the neazs the posision of the momiys found in many aaragdial americontumbs
	layer_4: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restiupon the nes the position of the mummi's found in many aborigial americantumbs
	layer_6: the body to be placed in the coffin must befolded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knes the position of the mummys found in many aboridinal american tombes
	layer_8: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombes
	layer_10: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_12: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs

file: 3915-98647-0021.flac
expected: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_2: this difficullt to us a perenly im possible feet safely accomplished ther er placed in the coffenand number of small things tort the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_4: this difficult too us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffinan number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_6: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_8: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_10: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_12: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world

file: 3915-98647-0022.flac
expected: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_2: the single excception to this  rll about metal is that small coper coins may be puten to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the riverove death
	layer_4: the single exception to this rull about metdl is that small coper coins may be put int to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the riverivf death
	layer_6: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_8: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river f death
	layer_10: the single exception to this rule about mettl is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_12: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to feed the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death

file: 3915-98647-0023.flac
expected: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_2: last of all the vacanspaces in the cofin ar filledit and with bags of tee
	layer_4: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin ar filled and with bags of tea
	layer_6: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled and with bags of tea
	layer_8: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled and with bags of tea
	layer_10: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled and with bags of tea
	layer_12: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled and with bags of tea

file: 3915-98647-0024.flac
expected: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_2: so long as the coffinis in the houseit must be watche d over continually
	layer_4: so long as the coffinis in the house an must be watched over continually
	layer_6: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_8: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_10: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_12: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually

file: 3915-98647-0025.flac
expected: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_2: it is their duty to seev that the ansense burning before the coffines th never lowe to go outh while the foot for the deadis wre newd ot regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_4: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffhnes than never alaved to go out while the fooid for the deabd is wre newda regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_6: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffniss than never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed a regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_8: it is their duty to see that the incents burning before the coffnis than never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed a regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_10: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is a never allowe to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_12: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is anever allowe to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves

file: 3915-98647-0026.flac
expected: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_2: there ar few and lightn japiny as who will to fend the presentsistem of cruelty to the eflectet or who do not long for some change but so great s the force of concervatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may and te cate a lack of respect for the dead theat ereform ad vances slowly
	layer_4: there are few and light in japanis who will to fend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so greates the force of concervatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may an dicate a lack of respect for the dead that wreform advances slowly
	layer_6: there are few and light and japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so greate as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_8: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_10: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_12: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly

file: 3915-98647-0027.flac
expected: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_2: individual instanceas accurin which some of the worst features of these custioms armoatifit
	layer_4: individual instanceas occur in which some of the worst features of these custioms are modifid
	layer_6: individual instancas occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_8: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_10: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_12: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified

file: 3915-98647-0028.flac
expected: a case in point is that of the late mister fukuzawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_2: accaseandpoint as that of the lahte mister fookas ava a man whos life as dovoded to the advancement of his country man inmodern ways and who hen his deaf contenued his teaching
	layer_4: a case in point is that of the late mister foucusaa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countryman in modern ways and who an his death continued his teaching
	layer_6: a case and point as that of the late mister fucuzava a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countryman ind modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_8: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazava a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who an his death continued his teaching
	layer_10: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who an his death continued his teaching
	layer_12: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who an his death continued his teaching

file: 3915-98647-0029.flac
expected: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_2: in his will he provided that his body was to be burried without washing ind the clothing in which het did
	layer_4: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_6: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_8: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing and the clothing in which he died
	layer_10: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_12: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died

file: 3915-98647-0030.flac
expected: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_2: throug this growing feeling and mhe unselfishness of maternael effection mayke comman time the reliease from these mornful saremoniuts
	layer_4: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may comeman time the released from these mournful saremonus
	layer_6: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may comemin time the release from these mournful ceremonis
	layer_8: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may commin time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_10: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_12: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies

file: 3915-98647-0031.flac
expected: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_2: just before ther perocestion starts a wrelige assare mony as held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deseased and which as substantially the same a that erformed at the semmatery
	layer_4: just before the procession starts a relige ascaremoney as held at the house which as attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same a that performed at the semetary
	layer_6: just before the procession starts a religeiou ceremony as held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_8: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_10: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_12: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery

file: 3915-98647-0032.flac
expected: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_2: on the day of the bariel great bunchoes of natural flowers ar sent to the det each bunch so largees to recaire the services one man o cariot
	layer_4: on the day of the bariel great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so largeis to recire the services one man to carion
	layer_6: on the day of the buriel great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to reqire the services of one man to carry it
	layer_8: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_10: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_12: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it

file: 3915-98647-0033.flac
expected: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_2: sometimes with thicgif a man is sent to take part the prosession but if the giverfeel two por to higher a man this burden too falls upon the bereved househld for at i coat require s that all flowers sent be born to the graved byuniform coolties who moarch in the funeral tram
	layer_4: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take partn the prosession but if the giver feel too por to higher a man this burden too falls upon the berieved household for eddicate requires that all flowers sent be born too the graved by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_6: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the prosession but if the giv er feel two poor to higer a man this burden two falls upon the berieved household for ediquet requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_8: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to higr a man this burden too falls upon the bereved household for etiquete requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_10: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to higre a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_12: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to higre a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for ettiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train

file: 3915-98647-0034.flac
expected: another favorite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_2: another favoure presinat this time among boodist is accage of living buirds to be born to the grave and wre least their on
	layer_4: another faborte presinet this time among budest is o cage of living birds too be borne to the grave and were leasd their on
	layer_6: another favorte presidt at this time among buddests is a cage of living birds too be borne to the grave and rere leased there on
	layer_8: another favourite presednt at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and released thereon
	layer_10: another favourite presient at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and released thereon
	layer_12: another favourite president at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and released thereon

file: 3915-98647-0035.flac
expected: it seems more like a bridal than a burial
	layer_2: it seemes more like a brid oed thn a beril
	layer_4: it seems more like a brid old then a barial
	layer_6: it seems more like a bridl than a burial
	layer_8: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_10: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_12: it seems more like a bridle than a burial

file: 3915-98647-0036.flac
expected: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_2: during this period the spirit of the decast is suppose to be stil ind habiting the house and it ablit er shryin es set up in the def chamber before which food and flowers are rened daily
	layer_4: duaring this period the spirit of the diceiased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and attablet er shrynes set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_6: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_8: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_10: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_12: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily

file: 700-122868-0000.flac
expected: of course you must be elaine anne said diana
	layer_2: of courset you must be allane an sward di anam
	layer_4: of course you must be a laine ane swared dianam
	layer_6: of course you must be alane anne sid diana
	layer_8: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_10: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_12: of course you must be alane anne said diana

file: 700-122868-0001.flac
expected: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know i couldn't keep still
	layer_2: f course it would beyo r amantit conseded can andris but i know hat i couldn't keepstone
	layer_4: of course it would be romantic concided chaine andres but i know that i couldn't keepstone
	layer_6: of course it would be romantic conceided chaine andreus but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_8: of course it would be romantic conceted jhane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_10: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_12: of course it would be romantic conceded jann andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone

file: 700-122868-0002.flac
expected: but it's so ridiculous to have a redheaded elaine mourned anne
	layer_2: but its se ard diculust o have a read headedy lane morned an
	layer_4: but it so ardiculous to have a red headidy laine mourned an
	layer_6: but it' so rdiculous to have a red headandy lan mourned anne
	layer_8: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headedy lane mourned anne
	layer_10: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headdedy lane mourned anne
	layer_12: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headedy lane mourned anne

file: 700-122868-0003.flac
expected: and elaine was the lily maid
	layer_2: and alane was a looigman
	layer_4: and alaine was a loing mad
	layer_6: an alane was a loving made
	layer_8: and elane was a loving made
	layer_10: and elaine was a living maid
	layer_12: and elaine was a living maid

file: 700-122868-0004.flac
expected: your complexion is just as fair as ruby's said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_2: your conplextion is us sus fair as rubis said dion ar earnneslay and your hars ever so much dacker than the use to be before you cuttat
	layer_4: you're complexion is just is faire as rubus said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much dorcker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_6: your complexion is just as faire as rubous said diana earnesly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_8: your complexion is just as fair as rubious said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_10: your complexion is just as fair as rubious said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_12: your complexion is just as fair as rubious said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it

file: 700-122868-0005.flac
expected: it was splendid to fish for trout over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_2: it was splended defish for that ever the brege and the two girl's tloared to rua themselves about in the little flaht bottom dorya thes serbvery cep foroductuting
	layer_4: it was splended to fish for crat over the bridge and the two girls lird to roa themselves about in the little flat bottom dorian miserbery kep for ductuting
	layer_6: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lured to row themselves about in the little flat bottom dory an mister barry kept for duck shuting
	layer_8: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls learred to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dor and mister berry kept for duck shooting
	layer_10: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lerned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dorry and misterbarry kept for duck shooting
	layer_12: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dorray and mister barry kept for duck shooting

file: 700-122868-0006.flac
expected: it was anne's idea that they dramatize elaine
	layer_2: it was samesiety arthathe johmaties alane
	layer_4: it was and itier that the dromatises a lane
	layer_6: it was anesidea tht they drometiz aline
	layer_8: it was anne's idea that they dramatize a line
	layer_10: it was anne's idea that they dramatize a line
	layer_12: it was anne's idea that they dramatize a line

file: 700-122868-0007.flac
expected: those days she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_2: thre stday she said er so muh more romanti in the present
	layer_4: ther'e day she said wore so much more romantic in the present
	layer_6: there's day she said where so much more romantic in the present
	layer_8: there'sday she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_10: thuresday she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_12: thuresday she said were so much more romantic than the present

file: 700-122868-0008.flac
expected: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing elaine
	layer_2: they had often gone down mike this and nhethink could be more canvenient for plaing alane
	layer_4: they had often gone down mike this and nothink could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_6: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing elane
	layer_8: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane
	layer_10: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane
	layer_12: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane

file: 700-122868-0009.flac
expected: the black shawl having been procured anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_2: the black shall having meen procarn and spettet ever the flat and then ly down hon the bottom with closetd eyes andth hands fulded over her breast
	layer_4: the black shall having ben rocarn anne spettit over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes andh hands folded over her breast
	layer_6: the black shall having been procuren anne spetert over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_8: the black shell having been procurin anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_10: the black shell having been procuring anne spead it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_12: the black shell having been procuring anne spead it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast

file: 700-122868-0010.flac
expected: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_2: it spoiles the ae fact wecaus hissus hundrede of years before missusodn bus porn
	layer_4: it spoiles the effect beause thisis hundreds of years before missus lun busborn
	layer_6: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lyndbasborn
	layer_8: it spoils the effect because tis is hundreds of years before missus lynd basbourne
	layer_10: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lyndebusborn
	layer_12: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde basbourn

file: 700-122868-0011.flac
expected: jane you arrange this
	layer_2: ten urrenties
	layer_4: gan yu rentius
	layer_6: can ou rentes
	layer_8: chan you brenchees
	layer_10: chan ou wrenches
	layer_12: chan ou renches

file: 700-122868-0012.flac
expected: it's silly for elaine to be talking when she's dead
	layer_2: at cilly frelin to e talking whenh i stan
	layer_4: int silly frlang to betalking when he stane
	layer_6: it silly ferlane to be talking when she stand
	layer_8: it's silly fur line to be talking when she stand
	layer_10: it's silly furlane to be talking when she stand
	layer_12: it's silly furlane to be talking when she stand

file: 700-122868-0013.flac
expected: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_2: janerursto the ccason
	layer_4: jane rorst of the accasion
	layer_6: jane rost of the accasion
	layer_8: jane rost to the occasion
	layer_10: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_12: jane rose to the occasion

file: 700-122868-0014.flac
expected: left behind at the landing
	layer_2: thet behind athe landing
	layer_4: that behind a the landing
	layer_6: that behind i the landing
	layer_8: that behindi the landing
	layer_10: that behindit the landing
	layer_12: that behindit the landing

file: 700-122868-0015.flac
expected: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_2: an give one gasbping little screm whuch nooty ever hearn she was witeto the lipts but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_4: and gave one gasping little scream which nobody ofver hurn she was whiteto the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_6: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_8: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearnd she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_10: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_12: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession

file: 700-122868-0016.flac
expected: there was one chance just one
	layer_2: there was one chances just one
	layer_4: there is one chance just one
	layer_6: there is one chance just one
	layer_8: there is one chance just one
	layer_10: there is one chance just one
	layer_12: there is one chance just one

file: 700-122868-0017.flac
expected: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_2: and dh such shircumstances you on't think rmuntabout making of flowryed prar
	layer_4: andrer stuch circumstances you don't think mutch about making a flowr prar
	layer_6: under such chircumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_8: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowry prayer
	layer_10: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_12: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer

file: 700-122868-0018.flac
expected: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_2: the fahttere ed under the briads and then promply sankon midstrean
	layer_4: the flatjert ed under the briads and then promptly sankend mid stream
	layer_6: the faght jrted under the bridges and then promptly sank in mid stream
	layer_8: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_10: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_12: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream

file: 700-122868-0019.flac
expected: ruby jane and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had not a doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_2: rubiy jame and thana already a widting it on the lower head lan sai dt dis sappear bre for their varyeys and had no doutpbut that an hand gone down with it
	layer_4: ruby jame and diana already a witding it on the lower headland sa it disapper before the varyeyes and had no doubt but that anard gone down with it
	layer_6: ruby jame and diana already awitding it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their vary eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_8: ruby jame and diana already awitting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_10: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_12: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it

file: 700-122868-0020.flac
expected: the minutes passed by each seeming an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_2: taminutes pass by es senming lican hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_4: the minutes pass by es seeming likeon hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_6: the minutes passed by hes seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lily mad
	layer_8: the minutes pass by hes seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_10: the minutes pass by es seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_12: the minutes pass by es seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymaid

file: 700-122868-0021.flac
expected: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_2: whytdin sommodye come wr had the girl's gone
	layer_4: whyde in somebody come wer had the girl's gone
	layer_6: whytdidn somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_8: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_10: why didn't somebody come wher had the girls gone
	layer_12: why didn't somebody come wher had the girls gone

file: 700-122868-0022.flac
expected: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_2: hor maginationd begin tosuggest all manne f crus om possibilityes to her
	layer_4: hermagination begin to suggest all manno of crusom possibilities to her
	layer_6: her imagination begin to suggest all menner of gruwsome possibilities to her
	layer_8: her imagination began to suggest all manner of grue some possibilities to her
	layer_10: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_12: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her

file: 700-122868-0023.flac
expected: anne shirley
	layer_2: and srly
	layer_4: annd sirly
	layer_6: ane sarley
	layer_8: anne shirley
	layer_10: anne shirley
	layer_12: anne shirley

file: 700-122868-0024.flac
expected: how on earth did you get there he exclaimed
	layer_2: hown earto juit up ther haink sclaimved
	layer_4: how ane earthojued up there he exclaimed
	layer_6: how on earth a juet up there he exclaimed
	layer_8: how on earth a juete up there he exclaimed
	layer_10: how on earth ar jou et up there he exclaimed
	layer_12: how on earth ar you eet up there he exclaimed

file: 700-122868-0025.flac
expected: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_2: it was certainly extriomely difficult to be dignifind under the sircumsances
	layer_4: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifind under the circumstances
	layer_6: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_8: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_10: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_12: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances

file: 700-122868-0026.flac
expected: what has happened anne
	layer_2: what as happend dan
	layer_4: what his happened dan
	layer_6: what his happened dane
	layer_8: what has happened dan
	layer_10: what has happened dan
	layer_12: what has happened dan

file: 700-122868-0027.flac
expected: asked gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_2: a's gollwar taking uphosors
	layer_4: as'sd gilbert taking up is ors
	layer_6: askesd gilbert taking up hasors
	layer_8: asked gilbert taking up as oures
	layer_10: asked gilbert taking up his oures
	layer_12: asked gilbert taking up his ores

file: 700-122868-0028.flac
expected: we were playing elaine explained anne frigidly without even looking at her rescuer and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the flat
	layer_2: we wre plying in lane explained and fetythy without evmen looking at her bruscuo and i had to drift down to came ot in the barge anying the fiht
	layer_4: we were playing in lane explained and frditlhey without even looking at her buscuro and i had to drift down to camwat an the barge aning the foght
	layer_6: we were playing inlane explained anne frguly without even looking at her brusqcuerow and i had to drift down to camoot in the barge emeing the foght
	layer_8: we were playing ilane explained anne frigily without even looking at her resquoe and i had to drift down to camoot in the barge immean the foght
	layer_10: we were playing in lane explained anne frigidly without even looking at her resqureu and i had to drift down to camot in the barge i mean the fot
	layer_12: we were playing in lane explained anne frigidly without even looking at her resqureu and i had to drift down to camot in the barge i mean the fot

file: 700-122868-0029.flac
expected: for a moment anne hesitated
	layer_2: for r momen an hesithadim
	layer_4: for a moment ane hesitatim
	layer_6: for a moment annd hesitat him
	layer_8: for moment ane hesitate him
	layer_10: fr a moment ann hesitate him
	layer_12: for a moment ann hesitate him

file: 700-122868-0030.flac
expected: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_2: her hrt geve a quick quare little be
	layer_4: her heart give a quick quear little bea
	layer_6: her heart gave a quick queer little be
	layer_8: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_10: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_12: her heart gave a quick queer little beat

file: 700-122868-0031.flac
expected: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_2: her resent men which to other an ulderpeoble might bes laugf ablas its cause was a no wit alayd and sotened by time semingly
	layer_4: her resentmen which to other an ulder people might bes laughable as its cause was a no wit alaide and sotened by time semingly
	layer_6: her resentment which to other an older people might be s laughable as its cause was a no wit alayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_8: her resentment which to other an older people might be slaughable as its cause was a no wit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_10: her resentment which to other an older people might be as laughable as its cause was a no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_12: her resentment which to other an older people might be as laughable as its cause was a no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly

file: 700-122868-0032.flac
expected: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_2: no she said caldly i shall never my friend with theowu gob ert blife and i' don't wan to be
	layer_4: no she said coledling i shall never mbe friends with you gilber blife and i don't want to be
	layer_6: no she said coldlyg i shall never be friends with you gilbert lite and i don't want to be
	layer_8: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert lyfe and i don't want to be
	layer_10: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert lyfhe and i don't want to be
	layer_12: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be

file: 700-122868-0033.flac
expected: all right
	layer_2: a ri
	layer_4: all riht
	layer_6: all right
	layer_8: all right
	layer_10: all right
	layer_12: all right

file: 700-122868-0034.flac
expected: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_2: i'll nevber askk yu to befrends again an srly and i don't carr yother
	layer_4: i'll never ask you to be frends again anne shirlei and i don't carey either
	layer_6: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_8: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_10: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_12: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either

file: 700-122868-0035.flac
expected: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_2: of courset he had in sultedr terebly but still
	layer_4: of course he had insultid her terribly but still
	layer_6: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_8: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_10: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_12: of course he had insulted her terribly but still

file: 700-122868-0036.flac
expected: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into a scrape
	layer_2: iverything idyou gets me or y dearus friandinto scap
	layer_4: iverything i dou gets me or my dears friends into escape
	layer_6: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_8: everything i do get me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_10: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_12: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape

file: 700-122868-0037.flac
expected: anne's presentiment proved more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do
	layer_2: ands presentiment proove more ctres wrthy then precentiments are apto da
	layer_4: ann' perecentiment prove more trest worthy than perescentiments are aptide
	layer_6: ann's per sentiment prove more trustworthy than per sentiments are apt tide
	layer_8: anne's peresentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to de
	layer_10: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do
	layer_12: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do

file: 700-122868-0038.flac
expected: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_2: bill you ever haveany sence an grow morala
	layer_4: will you ever have any sense ann grodmorilla
	layer_6: will you ever have any sense anne grond morilla
	layer_8: will you ever have any sense anne groand marilla
	layer_10: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_12: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla

file: 700-122868-0039.flac
expected: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_2: i don't say how said murla
	layer_4: i don't say how said marilla
	layer_6: i don't say how said marilla
	layer_8: i don't say how said marilla
	layer_10: i don't say how said marilla
	layer_12: i don't say how said marilla

file: 700-122868-0040.flac
expected: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_2: ever soncse i came ti gren gables i'veen makging mistaks and eacfmestake haselp do carme of som great sort coming
	layer_4: ever sonce i came to grengables i'v been making mistekes an each mistake heselpe to cure me of some great short coming
	layer_6: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes an each mistake haselped o cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_8: ever since i came to greengables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped o cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_10: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helpd to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_12: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming

file: 700-122867-0000.flac
expected: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_2: vanity invexation thof sprnt
	layer_4: vanety invexastion of sprient
	layer_6: vanity ind vexation of spirit
	layer_8: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_10: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_12: vanity and vexation of spirit

file: 700-122867-0001.flac
expected: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_2: the spring was a brod in the land and marilus sober midae lage step was lighter and swifther because of itsteep primol glaidness
	layer_4: the spring was a broad in the land and marilus sober middle lage step was ligter and swifter because of its teep primal glidness
	layer_6: the spring was abroad in the land and marilous sober middledaged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal glidness
	layer_8: the spring was abroad in the land and marillus sober middleaged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_10: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_12: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness

file: 700-122867-0002.flac
expected: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_2: i must say with h aull her faughts i never found herd disappetiont or untrust whord tly before and im reall sre to finder so now
	layer_4: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disipediente or untrust wordtly before and i'm real sorry to find er so now
	layer_6: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disopedient or untrustwordly before and iam real sorry to find er so now
	layer_8: i must say with all her faulhts i never found her disopedient or untrustworthy before and iam real sorry to find her so now
	layer_10: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and am real sorry to find her so now
	layer_12: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and iam real sorry to find her so now

file: 700-122867-0003.flac
expected: perhaps you're judging her too hasty marilla
	layer_2: perhaptere jogin her two hasttileamg merilla
	layer_4: perhaptur judgene her too hastilym marilla
	layer_6: perhaps youre judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_8: perhaps you're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_10: perhaps you're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_12: perhaps you're judging her too hastily marilla

file: 700-122867-0004.flac
expected: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing her up not you
	layer_2: thoe qurse i knew you take here part methou but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_4: of curse i knew you take her part mathi but i'm bring your ap not you
	layer_6: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i am bring your up not you
	layer_8: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i am bring your up not you
	layer_10: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i am bringing your up not you
	layer_12: of course i knew you' take her part matthew but i am bringing your up not you

file: 700-122867-0005.flac
expected: demanded marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_2: dermendodn marila anxtusly going over of the bad
	layer_4: demended ririla anxiously going overto the bad
	layer_6: demended rarilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_8: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_10: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_12: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad

file: 700-122867-0006.flac
expected: anne cowered deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_2: an cowere deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_4: anne cowar deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_6: anne cowared deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_8: anne coward deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_10: anne coward deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_12: anne coward deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no

file: 700-122867-0007.flac
expected: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_2: get right op fhis mid ede in tell me
	layer_4: get rihte a phismitted un tell me
	layer_6: get right up thismitted un tell me
	layer_8: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_10: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_12: get right up this minute and tell me

file: 700-122867-0008.flac
expected: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_2: this minante i say tha no what is it
	layer_4: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_6: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_8: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_10: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_12: this minute i say there now what is it

file: 700-122867-0009.flac
expected: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_2: and had sled to the for in de sparig abedience
	layer_4: and had slid to the flor in de sparing obedience
	layer_6: annd had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_8: ane had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_10: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_12: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience

file: 700-122867-0010.flac
expected: yes it's green moaned anne
	layer_2: yes its grn mondan
	layer_4: yes its green mondane
	layer_6: yes its green mondane
	layer_8: yes it's green modan
	layer_10: yes it's green modan
	layer_12: yes it's green mondan

file: 700-122867-0011.flac
expected: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_2: i thougt nothing couand b as bodt as redahair
	layer_4: i thought i nothing could be as bod as red ahair
	layer_6: i thought  nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_8: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_10: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_12: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair

file: 700-122867-0012.flac
expected: you haven't got into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_2: yo oven goten in toiny srat for ever to mant and i was surnother one was da
	layer_4: hou oven gotten intuny scrape for over two mont and i was sure nother one was do
	layer_6: you hveen gottan into ny scrape for over two mont and i was sure another one was do
	layer_8: you have't gotten into any scrape for over two monts and i was sure another one was due
	layer_10: you aven't gotten into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_12: you haven't gotten into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due

file: 700-122867-0013.flac
expected: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_2: nothen what doed you do tyeour hair
	layer_4: now then what doid you do to your har
	layer_6: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_8: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_10: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_12: now then what did you do to your hair

file: 700-122867-0014.flac
expected: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_2: an shurly tining you know it was wickad fhing to do
	layer_4: and sureley didning you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_6: and sirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_8: and shirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_10: and shirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_12: and shirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do

file: 700-122867-0015.flac
expected: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_2: yes i kne was a little wick en and minted an
	layer_4: yes i knewit was a little wicken ad mitted anne
	layer_6: yes i knew i was a little wicken admitted anne
	layer_8: yes i knew it was a little wicken amitted ann
	layer_10: yes i knew it was a little wicken admitted ann
	layer_12: yes i knew it was a little wicken admitted ann

file: 700-122867-0016.flac
expected: i know what it feels like to have your word doubted
	layer_2: i kno ont if fels ike to ave your word dat en
	layer_4: i know ot it feels like to have your word dadded
	layer_6: i know hat it feels like to have your word dadded
	layer_8: i knowhat it feels like to have your wordsdadded
	layer_10: i know what it feels like to have your words added
	layer_12: i know what it feels like to have your words addedn

file: 700-122867-0017.flac
expected: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_2: and missus alen says we should never tuspect anyone of not telling as the truth andlesst we have proofert their not
	layer_4: and missus alen says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth un less we have prof hat ther not
	layer_6: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof hat they're not
	layer_8: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_10: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_12: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not

file: 700-122867-0018.flac
expected: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_2: butyi hann' then and i beliemed every word he said implicintely
	layer_4: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_6: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_8: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_10: but i hadn't bhen and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_12: but i hadn't bhen and i believed every word he said implicitly

file: 700-122867-0019.flac
expected: who said who are you talking about
	layer_2: who san hor you turking about
	layer_4: who saine hore you taking about
	layer_6: who said hear you talking about
	layer_8: who said oare you talking about
	layer_10: who said who'r you talking about
	layer_12: who said who'r you talking about

file: 700-122867-0020.flac
expected: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_2: oh i didnt't let him in the house
	layer_4: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_6: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_8: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_10: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_12: oh i didn't let him in the house

file: 700-122867-0021.flac
expected: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_2: in a trice i saw miself ith beautifore raveand black hair and the timptation us irsistabl
	layer_4: in a trics i saw miself with beautiful rave and black hair and the temptation was eirresistible
	layer_6: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful rave and black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_8: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raveen black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_10: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_12: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible

file: 700-122867-0022.flac
expected: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_2: ohor rilu what atangled weae we weve en frest we practoce to to seiv
	layer_4: oerilla what a tangled wabwe weave when frest we practise to deseive
	layer_6: o rila what a tangled wab we weve when frist we practised to deceive
	layer_8: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when fist we practise to deceive
	layer_10: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when fist we practice to deceive
	layer_12: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive

file: 700-122867-0023.flac
expected: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_2: youhar must be cut off there i's now erther want he can' go out withat loiokine lage thant
	layer_4: you har mius be cut off there i's now other way you can't go out with at looking lige that
	layer_6: you her mis be cut off there i's no other way you can't go out with i looking leke that
	layer_8: your hear must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_10: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_12: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that

file: 700-122867-0024.flac
expected: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_2: with a dismal sighe she went for the cisirs
	layer_4: with ta dismal sighs she went for the cisorst
	layer_6: with a dismal sigh she went for the cissus
	layer_8: with a dismal sigh she went for the sissors
	layer_10: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_12: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors

file: 700-122867-0025.flac
expected: but there is nothing comforting in having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_2: but there wis nothing comforting and having your hair coud ofv becaus yo've dided at dodful color is the
	layer_4: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair could ofvf because you've dided a dreuadful colour is there
	layer_6: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dieded a dreadful color is there
	layer_8: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died id a dreadful color is there
	layer_10: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful colour is there
	layer_12: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful colour is there

file: 700-122867-0026.flac
expected: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_2: i'm gen to gweep all the time ye cutting it off if it on anter fear
	layer_4: i'm gent to weep all the time your cutting it off if it wan't int er fer
	layer_6: i'm going to weep all the time you'r cutting it off if it won't interfer
	layer_8: i'm going to weep all the time you'recutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_10: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_12: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere

file: 700-122867-0027.flac
expected: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_2: it seeme tehto tradic thing
	layer_4: it seemed ta totratic thing
	layer_6: it seemeds tha a tratic thing
	layer_8: it seemes that a tratic thing
	layer_10: it seems tha a tragic thing
	layer_12: it seems tha a tragic thing

file: 700-122867-0028.flac
expected: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_2: and wep then but lather on when she went upstairs and looks in the glass she was calm mit so span
	layer_4: and wept then but later on when she went up stairs and looked an the glass she was calm with to span
	layer_6: anne wept then but lat her on when she went up stairs and looked in the glass she was calm with to span
	layer_8: anne wept then but later on when she went up stairs and looked in the glass she was calm with to spa
	layer_10: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with to spam
	layer_12: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with to spam

file: 700-122867-0029.flac
expected: yes i will too
	layer_2: yes i well to
	layer_4: yes i will too
	layer_6: yes i will to
	layer_8: yes i will too
	layer_10: yes i will too
	layer_12: yes i will too

file: 700-122867-0030.flac
expected: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_2: i niver thouht i was a vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was and spit of its bing rede because it a si long and hick end curlyn
	layer_4: i never thought i was avaign about my hair of all things but now i know i was and spite of its being redn because it as si long and thick and curly
	layer_6: i never thought i was a vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was and spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_8: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_10: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_12: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly

file: 700-122867-0031.flac
expected: i expect something will happen to my nose next
	layer_2: xpects omething hawm welhappenedto my nos nexd
	layer_4: i expectsomethingham wil happened to my nois next
	layer_6: i expect somethingham will happen to my nos next
	layer_8: i expect something am will happen to my nose next
	layer_10: i expect something ma'am will happen to my nose next
	layer_12: i expect something ma'am will happen to my nose next

file: 700-122867-0032.flac
expected: anne's clipped head made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josie pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_2: ands clipt ted made icensationan schoo ln the following menday but to her reliefe nobot y gest the ral reason for it not even justy py who however did not failed to on form an that she lookd like a perfect scarcro
	layer_4: annesclipe tead made i s ensation ind school in the following menday but to her relief nobody guesst the real reason for it not even joste pie who however did not failed to inform anne that she lookedlike a perfect scarecrow
	layer_6: annesclipped ad made a sensation in school in the following menday but to her relief nobody guesst the real reason for it not even joste pye who however did not fail to inform aune that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_8: anne's clippe had made a sensation in school on the following mondaye but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even joste pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_10: anne's clipe had made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even jose py who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_12: anne's clipped had made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even joste py who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow

file: 700-122867-0033.flac
expected: it's hard to be told you look like a scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_2: it's hard to be told you looklicke a scaret ki scarcro and i wont ed tor sast then thing back but i did it
	layer_4: it's hard to be told you look like a scareth ki scarecrow and i wanted to say tham thing back but i did it
	layer_6: it's hard to be told you looklike a scaref kik scarecrow and i wanted to say homething back but i did it
	layer_8: it's hard to be told you looked like a scare scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i did it
	layer_10: it's hard to be told you looked like a scarescarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i did it
	layer_12: it's hard to be told you looked like a scarescarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i did it

file: 700-122867-0034.flac
expected: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_2: imake sho fel very virtuous we yoi forgive people dos'n it
	layer_4: i make sye feell very virtuouswhen your forgive people doesn't it
	layer_6: id makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_8: i make you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_10: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_12: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it

file: 700-122867-0035.flac
expected: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_2: i mento evoelt all my inerges to bein god after this and i shall never trie to be beautiful again
	layer_4: i meanto devote all my inergies to beeng good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_6: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_8: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_10: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_12: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again

file: 700-122867-0036.flac
expected: of course it's better to be good
	layer_2: of coursets its better to be gt
	layer_4: of courses it's better to e gut
	layer_6: of course it's better to mbe good
	layer_8: of course it's better to be good
	layer_10: of course it's better to be good
	layer_12: of course it's better to be good

file: 700-122867-0037.flac
expected: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_2: i doo really want to be goodenmorlla the you and missus alim an mis tasty and gr up to be a crei to you
	layer_4: i do really want to be goden mirilla the you and missus alum ad miss sdasy and grw up to be acredit to you
	layer_6: i do really want to be good ind mrilla thake you and missus allym and miss stasty and gow up to be a credit to you
	layer_8: i do really want to be goodin marilla lhate you and missus allam and miss tasty and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_10: i do really want to be good marilla that you and missus allan and miss stacty and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_12: i do really want to be good marilla that you and missus allan and miss stasy and grow up to be a credit to you

file: 700-122867-0038.flac
expected: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_2: dian assays when my har be canstogro to tiro black avevhit ribin around my had with the bot one site
	layer_4: dione says when my hair begins to grow to tiro black avelvet ribbon around my head with a boaat one sihe
	layer_6: dina says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_8: dianah says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_10: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_12: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side

file: 700-122867-0039.flac
expected: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_2: i will colit as snew that soun so ermantick
	layer_4: i will colit u snewed that sound so remantic
	layer_6: i will call it a snoowed that sounds so remantic
	layer_8: i will call it a snoowd that sounds so romantic
	layer_10: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_12: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic

file: 700-122867-0040.flac
expected: my head is better now
	layer_2: my had his better now
	layer_4: my hed is better know
	layer_6: my head is better now
	layer_8: my head is better now
	layer_10: my head is better now
	layer_12: my head is better now

file: 700-122867-0041.flac
expected: it was terrible bad this afternoon though
	layer_2: itias terrible boythe saffternend the
	layer_4: it is terrible byu the s afternoone tho
	layer_6: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_8: it was terrible by this afternoon thoug
	layer_10: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_12: it was terrible by this afternoon though

file: 700-122866-0000.flac
expected: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_2: gunyour aven le founded har te set 'le down to hum jram agisthanc again
	layer_4: juniour aven leave founded hard e settle down to humdrumixistance again
	layer_6: junior avenleave founded hard to settle down to hum drum existence again
	layer_8: junior avonleave found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_10: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_12: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again

file: 700-122866-0001.flac
expected: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_2: perhaps after while 'lga use to it but im afraid contred spil people for everdaid life
	layer_4: perhaps after a while i'llget used to it but i'm afraid contord spoil people for ever dad life
	layer_6: perhaps after awhile i'll get used to it but iam afraid conterd spoil people for everydayd life
	layer_8: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid conter spoil people for everyday life
	layer_10: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid councers spoil people for everyday life
	layer_12: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concereds spoil people for everyday life

file: 700-122866-0002.flac
expected: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_2: a s uppose at his wime arila disapprues of them
	layer_4: i suppose tat his wi ame arilla disapprose of them
	layer_6: i suppose that is why amarilla disapprofe of them
	layer_8: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_10: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_12: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them

file: 700-122866-0003.flac
expected: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_2: i feel just now that i may girow up to be sensible yet
	layer_4: i feeld just now that i may grow up to be sinsible yet
	layer_6: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_8: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_10: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_12: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet

file: 700-122866-0004.flac
expected: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_2: i dos lay awakn a magine the contrt over an over aga
	layer_4: i juslay awake en imagine the conctort over and over agan
	layer_6: i justlay awakeand imagine the contert over and over again
	layer_8: i just lay awake and imagined the contert over and over again
	layer_10: i just lay awake and imagined the contert over and over again
	layer_12: i just lay awake and imagine the concert over and over again

file: 700-122866-0005.flac
expected: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_2: eventually hievrom avenlys choulseslipped back in to its all grove and took up its alld interests
	layer_4: eventually highevrem avenly school slipped back into its all groove and tok up its old interests
	layer_6: eventually howeverm avonly school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_8: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_10: eventually however avonleas school slipped back into its old groave and took up its old interests
	layer_12: eventually however avonleas school slipped back into its old groave and took up its old interests

file: 700-122866-0006.flac
expected: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the program and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_2: nenother slones wutd have anydeailings wit the bows because the bewls a declare that the slones had two much to do in the progroun and the slones had retorted that the belwls whe i capable ofbduing the littld they had to do propertly
	layer_4: nonother slones would have any dealings with the beughs because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the progron and the slones had retorted that the bells whe i capable of duing the little they had to do properly
	layer_6: none other sloans would have any dalings with the bes because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the progrom and the slons had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_8: none other sloans would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloans had too much to do in the program and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_10: none other sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programm and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_12: none other sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programm and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly

file: 700-122866-0007.flac
expected: the winter weeks slipped by
	layer_2: the wenter wreek slip bye
	layer_4: the winter week slip by
	layer_6: the winter week slipe by
	layer_8: the winter week slip by
	layer_10: the winter week slip by
	layer_12: the winter week slip by

file: 700-122866-0008.flac
expected: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all their chatter for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_2: onan's breath day they were triping lightly donnit keeping eyes an ear's a lert ad mid all the chatrmn fer mistaty had told them thathey mast soon red accomposition on a winters walk in the woods and it beoved them to be observment
	layer_4: on ane's birathday they were tripping lightly don it keeping eyes and ears a lert amid all the chadam fermisstaty had told them thathey mist soon reada composition on a winters walk in the woods and it behuved them to be observant
	layer_6: on ann's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatam for miss staty had told them that they must soon read a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_8: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down at keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon read a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_10: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon read a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_12: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon read a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant

file: 700-122866-0009.flac
expected: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_2: i canscarcey realizeat am in myg teens
	layer_4: i can scarcely realize hat am in my tens
	layer_6: i can scarcely realize that am in my teens
	layer_8: i can scarcely realize that am in my teens
	layer_10: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_12: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens

file: 700-122866-0010.flac
expected: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_2: it' h creat comefort to think that ill be abletshies big words then withoutpbing lauged i
	layer_4: it's a greak comfort to think that ill be able te s big words then without being laughedie
	layer_6: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to yus big words then without being laughed ot
	layer_8: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed ot
	layer_10: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_12: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at

file: 700-122866-0011.flac
expected: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beaus said anne disdainfully
	layer_2: relby glla s things of nothing but bah said anderstamed fling
	layer_4: reulby gilas thinks of nothing but both said andestainfulling
	layer_6: reulby gillis thinks of nothing but bos said an desdanfully
	layer_8: reuby gillis thinks of nothing but bou said anne disdainfully
	layer_10: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but bes said anne disdainfully
	layer_12: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beus said anne disdainfully

file: 700-122866-0012.flac
expected: she's actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_2: she's actuallea delighted whern aninwhene rigts her nim up en ate take nortuce for all she pretens to be sao min
	layer_4: she's actually delighted werennn whene rights her nam up in o take nortice for all she pretends to be so min
	layer_6: she 's actually delighted whene inhene writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mane
	layer_8: she is actually delighted when iwon writes her name up an a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine
	layer_10: she is actually delighted when nyone writes her name up and take notice for all she pretends to be so mine
	layer_12: she is actually delighted when nyone writes her name up and take notice for all she pretends to be so mane

file: 700-122866-0013.flac
expected: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_2: 'm tineg to be as much like missus alen as i possibly cain for i think she 's perfet
	layer_4: i'm tyinge to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_6: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_8: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_10: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think sheis perfect
	layer_12: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she is perfect

file: 700-122866-0014.flac
expected: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_2: if i had alas bells crikets nows said aned descidedly i would in't but there
	layer_4: if i had alice bells crooked nose said and decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_6: if i had alice bells crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_8: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_10: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_12: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there

file: 700-122866-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_2: and efriahtythink to much a bout my knos aver sence i herd that complimint about at long a go
	layer_4: i' efriydy think too much about my nos afe er since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_6: i'm afraid i think too much about my nos ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_8: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_10: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_12: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago

file: 700-122866-0016.flac
expected: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_2: oh diana thook thr's ar rabbit
	layer_4: oh diana look there's arrabit
	layer_6: oh diana look there's a rabit
	layer_8: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_10: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_12: oh diana lok there's a rabbit

file: 700-122866-0017.flac
expected: they're so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_2: the so whit in still as if they wer a sleep en dreaming pritty drems
	layer_4: there so white an still as if they were aa sleep in dreaming prety dreams
	layer_6: ther'e so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_8: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_10: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_12: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams

file: 700-122866-0018.flac
expected: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_2: i woug d at last monda evening
	layer_4: i wrougt at last munday evening
	layer_6: i wrote at last monday evening
	layer_8: i wrote at last monday evening
	layer_10: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_12: i wrote it last monday evening

file: 700-122866-0019.flac
expected: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_2: its calt the jealous rivle or in deafh not dviten
	layer_4: its callht the jealous rrival or in death not dividen
	layer_6: its callet the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_8: is called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_10: is called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_12: is called the jealous rival or in death not divided

file: 700-122866-0020.flac
expected: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_2: i readed tom a rilla and she said it was stuff in nonsens
	layer_4: i readded to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_6: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_8: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_10: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff an nonsense
	layer_12: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense

file: 700-122866-0021.flac
expected: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_2: it a sad sweet story
	layer_4: its a sad sweet story
	layer_6: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_8: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_10: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_12: it's a sad sweet story

file: 700-122866-0022.flac
expected: cordelia was a regal brunette with a coronet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_2: cordelia was a regl burnnet with a cornet of midnight hare and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_4: cordelia was a regal brnet with a cornette of middnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_6: cordelia was a regal bunet with a cornete of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_8: cordelia was a regal bunette with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_10: cordelia was a regal brunett with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_12: cordelia was a regal brunett with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes

file: 700-122866-0023.flac
expected: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_2: youno s i much more than yo did when you wer only twouvh
	layer_4: you know sto much more than you did when you ar only twoulvh
	layer_6: you know so much more than you did when you were only twaulve
	layer_8: you know sol much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_10: you know sow much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_12: you know sow much more than you did when you were only twelve

file: 700-122866-0024.flac
expected: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_2: they gre anbeauty side by side entil they ere stixten
	layer_4: they grew and beautys side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_6: they grew an beautyes sided by side until they were sixteen
	layer_8: they grew in beautye side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_10: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_12: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen

file: 700-122866-0025.flac
expected: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_2: i ast re be gillus ifshe nknewan ything about hom men prpse becaue i thought sheh likely beng tathority on the subjec having so aony sister's married
	layer_4: i esed re by gillous if she knew anything about how men bropose because i thought she likely being authority on the subject having so many sister's married
	layer_6: i asked reby gilus if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she likely beng authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_8: i asked riby gillis if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she likely bein authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_10: i asked ruby gillus if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she likely bein authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_12: i asked ruby gillus if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she likely being authority on the subject having so many sisters married

file: 700-122866-0026.flac
expected: but she pretended to be geraldine's friend the same as ever
	layer_2: but she pretended to be jarledi ance friendthe same is ever
	layer_4: but she pretended to be jaildyance friend the same as ever
	layer_6: but she pretended to be jeldan's friend the same as ever
	layer_8: but she pretended to be jeildan's friend the same as ever
	layer_10: but she pretended to be jeldiane's friend the same as ever
	layer_12: but she pretended to be jeldiane's friend the same as ever

file: 700-122866-0027.flac
expected: let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_2: let't yua me have a story club oloron and wright storious frer practice
	layer_4: let's youn me have a story club alaron and rit storious for practice
	layer_6: let's you and me have a story club al or one and rite stories for practice
	layer_8: let's you and me have a story club all aron and write stories for practice
	layer_10: lets you and me have a story club all aron and write stories for practice
	layer_12: lets you and me have a story club all aron and write stories for practice

file: 700-122866-0028.flac
expected: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_2: yo ught o cut't vat youre mangination you kno mistacu says so
	layer_4: you ought to caughtivate your imagination you know mistacy says so
	layer_6: you aught to cultivate your imagination you know mistacy says so
	layer_8: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know misstacy says so
	layer_10: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_12: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so

file: 700-122866-0029.flac
expected: only we must take the right way
	layer_2: onlyg myu must ticke the rightwhen
	layer_4: onlyg we must take the right wey
	layer_6: only we must take the right way
	layer_8: only we must take the right way
	layer_10: only we must take the right way
	layer_12: only we must take the right way

file: 700-122866-0030.flac
expected: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_2: this was how the story cleb camemont anxsistence
	layer_4: this was how the story club came into axsistence
	layer_6: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_8: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_10: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_12: this was how the story club came into existence

file: 700-122866-0031.flac
expected: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opined that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_2: no boyce were alloud init al theug wrubi gilus a pin that ther admission would make et morkciting an each member had toprtec one' story o mek
	layer_4: no boys were allowed in ith although ruby gilous a pine that their admission would make it more exciting an each member had to produce one story oweek
	layer_6: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gilis a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_8: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis of pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_10: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_12: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week

file: 700-122866-0032.flac
expected: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_2: ea girlast to reader story outloud and then me talk et over
	layer_4: each girl hast to read er story outlaud and then me talk it over
	layer_6: each girl has to read her story outloud and then we talk it over
	layer_8: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_10: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_12: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over

file: 700-122866-0033.flac
expected: mine is rosamond montmorency all the girls do pretty well
	layer_2: mynis rosamond mond morsira al thegrls y pretybout
	layer_4: minis rosamond mondmorser allthe girl se pretty bou
	layer_6: min is rosea mond mondemorsere allthe girls eou pretty wow
	layer_8: mine is rosamond montemorcere all the girlsyou pretty wow
	layer_10: mine is rosemond montmorceri all the girls to pretty weow
	layer_12: mine is rosemond montmorceri all the girls to pretty wew

file: 700-122866-0034.flac
expected: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_2: amd sur that must have la hols hm thof faect
	layer_4: i'm sure that must have e holeshim e ffect
	layer_6: i'm sure that must have a holesom eflect
	layer_8: i 'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_10: i am sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_12: i am sure that must have a wholesome effect

file: 700-122866-0035.flac
expected: the moral is the great thing mister allan says so
	layer_2: the morlwas the great hing miseralan seysso
	layer_4: the morlwas the great thing mister elancays so
	layer_6: the morl was the great thing mis ter allan says so
	layer_8: the moral is the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_10: the mor is the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_12: the moral is the great thing mister ellen says so

file: 700-122866-0036.flac
expected: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_2: i read one a my storis to hm ind missus alleon and they bothgree that the morl as exceient
	layer_4: i red one of my stories to him an missus alan and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_6: i read one of my stories to him an missus allan and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_8: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_10: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_12: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent

file: 700-122866-0037.flac
expected: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_2: genand robe almost always cryehan i come to the paethetic parts
	layer_4: jeane an rubby almost always cry whene i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_6: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_8: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_10: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_12: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts

file: 700-122866-0038.flac
expected: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_2: mis jesif ing bry brote back that she had never ret anything so amusing in her life
	layer_4: miss jesephing bery brote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_6: miss jessephing barry rote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_8: miss jessephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_10: miss jossephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_12: miss jossephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life

file: 700-122866-0039.flac
expected: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_2: i'am sure missusalan was nevr sac tas silily forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_4: i'm sure missus alan was never such as silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_6: i am sure misszallen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_8: i am sure miss zallan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_10: i am sure missus zallan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_12: i am sure missus zallan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are

file: 700-122866-0040.flac
expected: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_2: i felt so inccurrage wen my herd that
	layer_4: i felt so encourage when mi heard that
	layer_6: i felt so encourage when i heard that
	layer_8: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_10: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_12: i felt so encouraged when i heard that

file: 700-122866-0041.flac
expected: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_2: missus linds as she oays fills shocked en to hears of anyone ever having beed nody ynur mutter housma therwer
	layer_4: missus lyns as she oys fill'd shocked winto hears of anyone ever having been notty you mutter housemall therwere
	layer_6: missus lynds as she alwys filled shocked into hears of anyone ever having been noughty you'r matter house small there were
	layer_8: missus lynde sas she aways fielld shocked whento hears of any one ever having been naugty your matter how smallthey were
	layer_10: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_12: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were

file: 700-122866-0042.flac
expected: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_2: now i won' have felt thout wa
	layer_4: now i wildn't have felt that way
	layer_6: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_8: no i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_10: no i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_12: no i wouldn't have felt that way

file: 6467-94831-0000.flac
expected: peleg snuggers the general utility man of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedarville to which place they had journeyed from ithaca on the regular afternoon boat running up cayuga lake
	layer_2: pelixt nacers dhe genralelydtyman of the whall had justprod the boys op from chidorvel to itxplace ty had jdourneeed fromt e tarker on de reglarve aftern n bogrunning uf cal you grollick
	layer_4: pelexs nackos dhe general liately dy man of the hall had just broad the boys op from cherrvall to etplaced they had journeed from etarka on the reglard afternouin boad running up core ougallic
	layer_6: pelexsnuckes the general likelyde man of the hall had just brouaht the boys up from che reville to its place they had journeed from etake on the reglar afternoon boad running up caugalic
	layer_8: pelex sknuckes the general lutlydy man of the hall had just brought the boys up from che ruville to its place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boat running up caeugalic
	layer_10: pelex snackers the general lutlide man of the hall had just brought the boys up from ceruville to its place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boat running up cahugalic
	layer_12: pelex sknackers the general lutlideman of the hall had just brought the boys up from cereville to its place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boat running up cayugalic

file: 6467-94831-0001.flac
expected: with the rovers had come fred garrison larry colby and several others of their old school chums
	layer_2: wlidtedawas had come fret gatisen lad y calbyi and sevrelothers ofted old scooulge homs
	layer_4: wihetitovwars had come fhred gatison la de calby and several others of tet old schooldge hums
	layer_6: vic terovers had come fred gatison laddy colbie and several others of thet old schoolgums
	layer_8: victe rovers had come fred caison laddie colbe and several others of thei old school jums
	layer_10: victe rovers had come fred gardison laddie colbe and several others of the old schooljums
	layer_12: victe rovers had come fred gardison laddie colbe and several others of the old school jums

file: 6467-94831-0002.flac
expected: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_2: ih how ly dail mister stong
	layer_4: oh how do y dill mister strong
	layer_6: o how do ye dill mister strong
	layer_8: o how dye deyl missters strong
	layer_10: oh how dye deyl mister strong
	layer_12: oh how dy dey mister strong

file: 6467-94831-0003.flac
expected: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_2: and hehad an to mede the had teteor
	layer_4: and headan to meedt the had tita
	layer_6: and he an to me the headtricha
	layer_8: and he ran to meet the head tratar
	layer_10: and he ran to meet the hear tratar
	layer_12: and he ran to met the hedtratar

file: 6467-94831-0004.flac
expected: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george strong
	layer_2: thel tomas i hope you have left all dyour rans tehind obsot jord stonged
	layer_4: well thomas i hope you have left all your frangs behind obsot jod stong
	layer_6: well thomas i hope you have left all your franks behind absote god strong
	layer_8: well thomas i hope you have left all your friends behind abserved george strong
	layer_10: well thomas i hope you have left all your friends behind observed george strong
	layer_12: well thomas i hope you have left all your friends behind observed george strong

file: 6467-94831-0005.flac
expected: hullo aleck
	layer_2: holloaelick
	layer_4: hollow e lack
	layer_6: hollow alac
	layer_8: hollow alack
	layer_10: hollow alac
	layer_12: hollow ilac

file: 6467-94831-0006.flac
expected: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_2: ae gaing ifteen houns and
	layer_4: ive gain iteen pounds and
	layer_6: ave gaine fifteen pounds and
	layer_8: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_10: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_12: i've gained fifteen pounds and

file: 6467-94831-0007.flac
expected: yo lemme go sah yo is stickin pins in my hand howled pop
	layer_2: you'ul led mego say you asticken tinte and my hand hold pop
	layer_4: you'll led me go say youl as stick and tlinse in my hand hold pop
	layer_6: you'll let me go say you' is stick in plince in my hand hold pop
	layer_8: you'll let me go say you is stick in plince in my hand hold pop
	layer_10: you'll let me go say you' as sticking plint's in my hand hold pop
	layer_12: you'll let me go say you as sticking plynt's in my hand hold pop

file: 6467-94831-0008.flac
expected: he moaned as tom ran off throwing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_2: he moned a stol ran off toing o a ce of bru tiny tak as he did so
	layer_4: he moaned as stom bran off toing af eyseaflu piny taxks as he did so
	layer_6: he mouaed a stom bran off towing a vay sevblue piny tax as he did so
	layer_8: he muamued as stom ran off toaing awvay sevrlu tiny tax as he did so
	layer_10: he mouamed as tom ran off toaring away several tliny tax as he did so
	layer_12: he mumed as tom ran off toaring away several tiny tax as he did so

file: 6467-94831-0009.flac
expected: so you've come back have you
	layer_2: so yourecom bak hav you
	layer_4: so you com back have you
	layer_6: so you've com back have you
	layer_8: so you'ave come back have you
	layer_10: so you hve gome back have you
	layer_12: so you have gome back have you

file: 6467-94831-0010.flac
expected: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_2: abserved missus crem astorm stoped id the ckitndor
	layer_4: observed missus cream as storm stopped id the kitendor
	layer_6: observed missus screan a torm stopped at the kiten door
	layer_8: observed missus crean a storm stopped at the kitcen door
	layer_10: observed missus creen a storm stopped at the kitcten door
	layer_12: observed missus crean a storm stopped at the kitten door

file: 6467-94831-0011.flac
expected: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_2: aske ome and thet his fays sfro
	layer_4: asked hom and thet his face ro
	layer_6: asked ome and then his face throw
	layer_8: asked tom and then his face trow
	layer_10: asked tom and then his face throw
	layer_12: asked tom and then his face throt

file: 6467-94831-0012.flac
expected: oh dear you always did put me down as the worst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against his coat sleeve
	layer_2: odur you all wlis t et put me don as  theirs woy in thescoo men ie i do my barhy best and almost sobbing tom pu his face o againsticoutslee
	layer_4: o dear you alwys det put me down as t verst boy in the scood ben ie i do my beady best and almost sobbing tompet is face op against tecots leve
	layer_6: oh dear you always did put me down as the virst boy in the scoold wen i i do my bety best and almost sobbing don't put his faced op against te coarts leave
	layer_8: oh dear you always did put me down as the verst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing don't put his face op against the coat's leave
	layer_10: oh dear you always did put me down as the verse boy in the school then i i do my verry best and almost sobbing tomt put his face off against the coat's leave
	layer_12: oh dear you always did put me down as the verse boy in the school then i i do my verry best and almost sobbing tom put his face off against the coat's leave

file: 6467-94831-0013.flac
expected: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_2: misus crem was ta he tened tho harted in spuie ofp ord some whate free t hune and she was all sympty mmediately
	layer_4: missus creem was vet he tend er harten in spuite offered somewhat free t hunge and she was all sympety immediately
	layer_6: missus creen was veare tend er hearted in spite offer somewhat free hung and she was alld sympathy immediately
	layer_8: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tung and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_10: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tonge and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_12: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately

file: 6467-94831-0014.flac
expected: there there tom i didn't mean to hurt your feelings she said soothingly
	layer_2: da the as hom i dn't mead to hewrd yu feelings he said soingly
	layer_4: hear there as hom i dn't mea to heard your felings he said soolingly
	layer_6: there thereis home i don't mean to hurd your feelings he said soolingly
	layer_8: there there s home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_10: there there is home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_12: there there is home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly

file: 6467-94831-0015.flac
expected: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_2: i i da kno subtom
	layer_4: i i dnot know sobtom
	layer_6: i i don't know sobe tom
	layer_8: i i don't know sob tom
	layer_10: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_12: i i don't know sobbed tom

file: 6467-94831-0016.flac
expected: come sit down and have the pie that's a good boy
	layer_2: come sid don an have apye tle'sa gord boy
	layer_4: come sid downe and have a pi thut's a goord boy
	layer_6: come sit done and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_8: come sidone and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_10: come sidone and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_12: come sidone and have a pie that's a good boy

file: 6467-94831-0017.flac
expected: it's really like home he murmured presently
	layer_2: estarly like home he momerd presently
	layer_4: es scrarle like home he momered presently
	layer_6: a starely like home he murmured presently
	layer_8: i' scarely like home he murmured presently
	layer_10: i scarely like home he murmured presently
	layer_12: i squarely like home he murmured presently

file: 6467-94831-0018.flac
expected: missus green when you die they ought to erect an awfully big monument over your grave
	layer_2: missus cren when youw di lhe aghf to adac and offly big mondument a werl your gravge
	layer_4: missus green where ynoew die ley ought to eddac and ofully beg monument a will your grave
	layer_6: missus green when ynou die lay ought to adack an awfully bg monument or will youre grave
	layer_8: missus green when you die lay out to adda an awfully bg monument or will your grave
	layer_10: missus green when you die lay oft to adac an awfully big monument or will your grave
	layer_12: missus green when you die lay oft to adac an awfully big monument or will your grave

file: 6467-94831-0019.flac
expected: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_2: whant foashatruble tom thand suntion
	layer_4: wat fors had trouble tom whan zunsion
	layer_6: what fors had troubled tom twen zuncchon
	layer_8: what force had trouble tom bonsuntion
	layer_10: what force har trouble tom consunction
	layer_12: what force har trouble tom consunction

file: 6467-94831-0020.flac
expected: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_2: and yet with it all she could in hel wmut ligke the boy
	layer_4: and yet with it alls he could hin help mut like the boy
	layer_6: and yet with it all he couldin help mut like the boy
	layer_8: and yet with it all he could in help mut like the boy
	layer_10: and yet with it all he could in help must like the boy
	layer_12: and yet with it all he could in help must like the boy

file: 6467-94831-0021.flac
expected: an to think the term's just begun
	layer_2: andto thin thesteme cusbegin
	layer_4: andto think thistem cus began
	layer_6: and to think the s term us begin
	layer_8: and to think thes terms just begin
	layer_10: and to think this terms just begin
	layer_12: and to think this terms just begin

file: 6467-94831-0022.flac
expected: and he mopped his brow with his red bandanna handkerchief
	layer_2: and he moed his bo with histreide man denner handcoet if
	layer_4: and he moed his bo with his stread man dena handkeotif
	layer_6: and he moped his bow with his stread mendana handkerchief
	layer_8: and he mopped his bow with his treat mandena handkerchief
	layer_10: and he mopped his bow with his tread mandena handkerchief
	layer_12: and he mopped his bow with his stread mandena handkerchief

file: 6467-94831-0023.flac
expected: wot kind of a joke is that master rover
	layer_2: what kling of teolk his tat must ed a we
	layer_4: what clint of teolke is that must edawar
	layer_6: what clain of tke is that must ed ovar
	layer_8: what kint of tyk is that masterd aver
	layer_10: what kind of tak is that master d auber
	layer_12: what kind of talk is that master'd auber

file: 6467-94831-0024.flac
expected: oh it's no joke you are handsome
	layer_2: oths no to jo  our handsom
	layer_4: ots nowto jok yor handsome
	layer_6: ods no te joke you'r handsome
	layer_8: od's no te joke you're handsome
	layer_10: oats not a joke you're handsome
	layer_12: oat's not a joke you're handsome

file: 6467-94831-0025.flac
expected: have you got a camera to be sure here it is
	layer_2: have you got o camitar to besuw hayi d otis
	layer_4: have you got a cammeta to be sur hetitis
	layer_6: have you got o camera to be sure heed itis
	layer_8: have you got a cameda to be sure heed it is
	layer_10: have you got ta camada to be sure heer it is
	layer_12: have you gotta camada to be sure heete it is

file: 6467-94831-0026.flac
expected: sam drew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_2: sam do atinly boxs from his pocket
	layer_4: sam do atiny boxs from hispocket
	layer_6: sam do artiny box from his pocket
	layer_8: sam do are tiny box from his pocket
	layer_10: sam dew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_12: sam dew a tiny box from his pocket

file: 6467-94831-0027.flac
expected: now stand still and i'll take a snap shot
	layer_2: thestan sti and otet hak is natilt
	layer_4: heul stand still and it ake is nmatuirod
	layer_6: though stand still and ad take a snashod
	layer_8: thougl stands still and r take i snapsholt
	layer_10: though stand still and now take a snapholt
	layer_12: though stand still and ow take a snach alt

file: 6467-94831-0028.flac
expected: now stand straight and look happy
	layer_2: tnon stand of stat and lk happy
	layer_4: to stand of straite and loke happy
	layer_6: no stand of straigt and look happy
	layer_8: no stand up straigt and lookd happy
	layer_10: no stand up straight and look happy
	layer_12: no stand up straight and look happy

file: 6467-94831-0029.flac
expected: cried sam as a crowd collected around
	layer_2: id sam is t co clectedor ond
	layer_4: grit sam is a croud collected a on
	layer_6: rietd sam is a crou collected our ond
	layer_8: cried sam is a crow collected o ount
	layer_10: cried sam as a crowd collected ouront
	layer_12: cried sam as a crowd collected ourount

file: 6467-94831-0030.flac
expected: raise you right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do
	layer_2: atarys your i hand to e arbresst thus is ald staemn do
	layer_4: days youre i hand to youre breast jus this old statesman do
	layer_6: rdais your i hand to your breast just thie oldl statesmen do
	layer_8: rais your ight hand to your breast just as old statesmen do
	layer_10: raise your right hand to your breast just as old statesmen do
	layer_12: raise your right hand to your breast just as old statesmen do

file: 6467-94831-0031.flac
expected: now wait a minute and the picture will be finished
	layer_2: nolbread a minite and the fits ol il befenis
	layer_4: now greada init and the fics i bil be finise
	layer_6: no grat a minute and the fits ef ill be finistd
	layer_8: no greater minute and the fitchr will be finished
	layer_10: no greater minute and the fitcher will be finished
	layer_12: no greater minute and the fitcher will be finished

file: 6467-94831-0032.flac
expected: no this is a new patented process
	layer_2: no thisis a newpaitemted froces
	layer_4: no thisis a new paytemted pfrosses
	layer_6: no this is a new paytempted proces
	layer_8: no this is a new patented crocess
	layer_10: no this is a new patented crocess
	layer_12: no this is a new patented crocess

file: 6467-94831-0033.flac
expected: sam drew a square of tin from the box
	layer_2: samp to us gwerd of theten from the bovs
	layer_4: sam dou asqere of the tend from the bovs
	layer_6: some ue usquare of the ten from the boxs
	layer_8: same dew a square of the tin from the box
	layer_10: sam tdew a square of the tan from the box
	layer_12: sam dew a square of the tan from the box

file: 6467-94831-0034.flac
expected: i don't see any picture growled snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_2: i don't see in yfitur gro snuers tooking at te sgep blangly
	layer_4: i don't see andiffitur grow snoggers looking at to square gblankely
	layer_6: i don't see any fitchur groa snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_8: i don't see any fitchere grown snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_10: i don't see any fitcher groaned snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_12: i don't see any fitcher groaned snuggers looking at the square blankly

file: 6467-94831-0035.flac
expected: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_2: i sen lit e fesiat
	layer_4: i ste littl fres iet
	layer_6: i sa little fresh yet
	layer_8: a'sa little fresh yet
	layer_10: i's a little fresh yet
	layer_12: ih's a little fresh yet

file: 6467-94831-0036.flac
expected: the boys gathered around set up a shout
	layer_2: woe bys gad a alond set uf a shue
	layer_4: we boys gadet aone set up a shout
	layer_6: wet boys guanded alond set up a shout
	layer_8: we boys gadhered aron set up a shout
	layer_10: wi boys gathered arond set up a shot
	layer_12: with boys gathered aron set up a shout

file: 6467-94831-0037.flac
expected: sam rover i'll git square see if i don't
	layer_2: sam drover i kt's ger seefiton't
	layer_4: same dover i'l gits quare seef id don't
	layer_6: samlover i'll kit square seeif i don't
	layer_8: samlover i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_10: samlover i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_12: samlover i'll get square see if i don't

file: 6467-94831-0038.flac
expected: demanded sam innocently isn't it a good picture
	layer_2: tremene sa inacendly asinled uf coold bicksha
	layer_4: remanden ameinoscendly masendlead uf cood bicto
	layer_6: remanded seme inocently misindade ove got picture
	layer_8: remanded sem innocently isint lit of god picture
	layer_10: remonded sem innocently isn't it of god picture
	layer_12: remonded sem innocently isn't it of good picture

file: 6467-94831-0039.flac
expected: show me off for a donkey
	layer_2: some ofk frl i don ky
	layer_4: so me ofed flly don quei
	layer_6: so me of fhilly don kuey
	layer_8: su me oft philly donkey
	layer_10: su me off phile donkey
	layer_12: su me off phile donkey

file: 6467-94831-0040.flac
expected: a donkey oh peleg i did nothing of the kind
	layer_2: a don'ky ols helic i did nothing of the find
	layer_4: a donkuy os helick i did nothing of the flined
	layer_6: a donkuy o helleck i did nothing of the flind
	layer_8: a donkey od haleck i did nothing of the find
	layer_10: a donkey odd helleck i did nothing of the kind
	layer_12: a donkey old helleck i did nothing of the kind

file: 6467-94831-0041.flac
expected: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_2: it' a don'thes had ausay
	layer_4: it' a don keys head or say
	layer_6: it a donkey's head ir say
	layer_8: it' a donkey's head i say
	layer_10: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_12: it's a donkey's head i say

file: 6467-94831-0042.flac
expected: and i say it's your picture
	layer_2: and i say you ur picter
	layer_4: an i say youre picture
	layer_6: an isay  your picture
	layer_8: an i say it your picture
	layer_10: and i say it your picture
	layer_12: and i say it your picture

file: 6467-94831-0043.flac
expected: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it master rover
	layer_2: i gess i knowadonct is head whenie seetd  asted e wer
	layer_4: i guss i know  donquy's head when i sea it rasted ower
	layer_6: i guess i know donkey's head when i see it rust ed over
	layer_8: i guess i know donkey's head when i see it rusted over
	layer_10: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it rusted over
	layer_12: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it rusted over

file: 6467-94831-0044.flac
expected: peleg there is some mistake here
	layer_2: halc te a some stak hure
	layer_4: halic thee he somestake her
	layer_6: halak thare the some mistake here
	layer_8: hallack dhere are some mistake here
	layer_10: halock there are some mistake here
	layer_12: halock there are some mistake here

file: 6467-94831-0045.flac
expected: oh you can't joke me no more
	layer_2: orl you kin yok me no mrd
	layer_4: or you cand jok me no more
	layer_6: or you can joke me no more
	layer_8: orh you cind joke me no more
	layer_10: oh you kin' joke me no more
	layer_12: oh you kan't joke me no more

file: 6467-97061-0000.flac
expected: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_2: one night when bos hesleeping dofince had oad marckwerdrinm
	layer_4: one night when bosth wasleeping the prince had ad mark bl dream
	layer_6: one night when both wes sleeping the prince had ar markabile dream
	layer_8: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_10: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_12: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream

file: 6467-97061-0001.flac
expected: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their former precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_2: the raset into the room add dit their cris woug harst and firgeting all teir form orf rcotions lefthe doos open so thevt the gart ouside hearring the clamer antired and sal optaens
	layer_4: they rushed into the oom a ded their cris trog hers and turgeting all their formorf precoutions left the doors open sho that the gards ouside hearing the clamar entered and solopraens
	layer_6: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and furgeting all their form erf recautions left the doors opene so that the guards outside hearing the clamor entered and soloprins
	layer_8: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgeting all their form erf precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hearing the clamour enterd and sale prince
	layer_10: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form erf precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamor enterd and saw the prince
	layer_12: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their formef precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamor enterd and saw the prince

file: 6467-97061-0002.flac
expected: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_2: she is at distraced to her famlly and shel soo see her ruspant impaed hon a stake
	layer_4: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soonsee her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_6: she is at disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband impaled on astake
	layer_8: she is a disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband impaled on astak
	layer_10: she is a disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband impaled on astake
	layer_12: she is a disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband impaled on astak

file: 6467-97061-0003.flac
expected: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful frown he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the room
	layer_2: then mat his fourhhad disfigrd by afiearfui from he cotinuet to apbusaprance an havingtied hiss hands behind him dake him from the doom
	layer_4: thenmit his for had disfigred by afearful from he continued two abusea prince end havingtied his hands behind him traked him from the doom
	layer_6: then mith his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to abuse the prince in having tied his hands behind him triged him from the loom
	layer_8: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tragged him from the loom
	layer_10: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful fram he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the doom
	layer_12: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dagged him from the loom

file: 6467-97061-0004.flac
expected: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected rajavahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic jewel given to him in patala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_2: tregded thus like some wil weast rot e shaken and netlected radeofa hanar would haves of e greatly had he not eemntrotected bye the magi trot givin to him in pau talla and which he had com trived to conseil in his heir
	layer_4: treated thus like some ile beast toly shaken and neclected rage vahona would havesofere greatly had he knot ee improtected by dhe magic wel given to him in partala and which he had comtrived to conseiled in his her
	layer_6: treated thus like some wild beast ohly shaken and neclected rarge of ahona would have soffere greatl had he not be in protected by the majic uwel given to him in partalla and which he had conmtribved to concealed in his hair
	layer_8: treated thus like some wild beast ochey shaken and neglected rage of ahanna would have suffered greatly had he not bein protected by the magic dwell given to him in partalla and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_10: treated thus like some wild beast dockhuley shaken and neglected rage of ahanna would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic dwel given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_12: treated thus like some wild beast dockhully shaken and neglected radge of ahanna would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic dwealt given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair

file: 6467-97061-0005.flac
expected: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_2: ad voncing therefore with a lage ar wme he prepecd to beceigh somepa te capitl city
	layer_4: advancing therefore with are large arme he preped to be seeche chumpa the capitale cii
	layer_6: advancing therefore with a larged army he preparet to be siech chumpa the capital citi
	layer_8: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_10: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_12: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital cityc

file: 6467-97061-0006.flac
expected: a terrible battle ensued in which both kings performed prodigies of valour
	layer_2: a cearible battle and sud in which potkings wei formd cro te gese or alle
	layer_4: and heible mattle ansuet in which portkings rere formed prothe ges of vella
	layer_6: anhedrible mattle ensued in which borgt kings were formed prodiges of vela
	layer_8: an hearrible battle ensued in which bort kings wrere formed prodigies of vellar
	layer_10: anherible battle ensued in which port kings were formed prodigies of vella
	layer_12: and hearible battle ensued in which port kings were formed prodigies of vella

file: 6467-97061-0007.flac
expected: should there be any pity for the violator of the harem
	layer_2: shouod thet be any pity foorthevyolater af to hadom
	layer_4: should theret be any pity for the violatee of the hadem
	layer_6: tould there be any pity for the violatr of the hadam
	layer_8: sould there' be any pity for the violator of the hadum
	layer_10: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadam
	layer_12: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadam

file: 6467-97061-0008.flac
expected: if the old king my father now in his dotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_2: at the old kging my father know in his stil tage was foolitenough to favor a crumino for the sac offiswordlesstarter you had nor ne of his furmission and ot not to hae wen inf encse fby him
	layer_4: af the old king my father now in his stotage was folithenough to favour the criminal for the sake of his wortless daughter you had no ne of his fomission and ougt not to have bmean inflece by him
	layer_6: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his farmission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_8: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his fermission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_10: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_12: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him

file: 6467-97061-0009.flac
expected: let that vile seducer be immediately put to death by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_2: let tat wie s the dusr weinmeditey purtu let by taghtur and his par amor bechal up andpisen te l icome
	layer_4: let that wies the duserd be immediately patotatt by tartcer and his paramor be shall up and prison teli come
	layer_6: let that while te duserd be immediately putotat by torcer and is paramor be shall up ind prison till i come
	layer_8: let that while the ducerd be immediately put to that by torture and his parama be shell up in prison till i come
	layer_10: let that while the ducerd be immediately put to that by torture and his paramau be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_12: let that while the ducerd be immediately put to that by torture and his paramau be shut up in prison till i come

file: 6467-97061-0010.flac
expected: have ready also a fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall mount immediately after the wedding to overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_2: haveredy also of firs alehent suitbl ak wipe which i sha mont meditelye afer the vering who aluteck may ar me a mach aganst thenery and as i sid out i wil make dtealeenet tm l de life ut of tat crima
	layer_4: have ready also of fers alephent suitably equipped which i shall wont immediately after the vearing who alvutak my ar me in march aganst the enemy and as i sed out i will make the elepent tample delife out of thac cremil
	layer_6: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which ishall want immediately after the bearing who owertake my ar me in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample de life out of that crimilal
	layer_8: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall ant immediately after the weadling who overtake my arm my in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample te life out of that crimial
	layer_10: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_12: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal

file: 6467-97061-0011.flac
expected: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_2: thit ha stoo derd cgomnearading thet with snal seemed in evitable he sendly felt his feet free and apbeautiful lady of preared before him
	layer_4: whut he stoo dhird carmlya rating det wih snawl seemed inevitable he scenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_6: whil he stood dered calmely arrating death whi now seemed inevitable he sonly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_8: while he stood there calmly arating depth which now seemed inevitable he sudenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_10: while he stood there calmly a rading depth which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_12: while he stood there calmly arrating depth which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him

file: 6467-97061-0012.flac
expected: she humbly bowing down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_2: she humly bong down said let my lared bardan her servant forleinjury which she hased and conscious we caust
	layer_4: she humbly bone down said let my lard pardon hes servant follhe injery which she hased and conscious le caused
	layer_6: she humbly boned down said let my lord pardon hers servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_8: she humbly boned down said let my lord pardon hes servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_10: she humbly boned down said let my lord pardon her servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_12: she humbly boned down said let my lord pardon hes servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused

file: 6467-97061-0013.flac
expected: i am an apsaras born from the rays of the moon
	layer_2: i am n abtes bon from eras of the moon
	layer_4: i am an abtes bon from dhe days of the moon
	layer_6: i am an abtince born from the days of the moon
	layer_8: i am an abtinuce born from the days of the moon
	layer_10: i am an apsius born from the days of the moon
	layer_12: i am an apsius born from the days of the moon

file: 6467-97061-0014.flac
expected: one day as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotus flower attacked me
	layer_2: on day as i was sflying to wuthe ar leting o bwite tress a swon mistakin we for a loteslad a cackry
	layer_4: onday as i was ling tou the air learding o witetres a swone istaken we for a lotus lard a cackry
	layer_6: onday as i was flyngd torgough the air beaing a white dress a swan tmistaken we for a lotust larde a tackme
	layer_8: monday as i was lyingd through the air bearing a white dress a swan mistaken me for a lotus larde attack me
	layer_10: monday as i was flying through the air bearing a white dress a swan mistakeng me for a lotus large attack me
	layer_12: monday as i was flying through the air bearing a white dress a swan mistakeng me for a lotus large attack me

file: 6467-97061-0015.flac
expected: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_2: in his anger he curs me saing o weckit von for this affence you autendemet to bechainged ind ore bpeace of enconscious mettle
	layer_4: in his anger he gurs me saying o wikedvone for this offence you artendeme to be changed into ar piece of enconscious mettl
	layer_6: in his anger he gurse me saying oh reckedone for this offence you aretendeme to be changed into our piece of unconscious metal
	layer_8: in his anger he gursed me saying oh ricked von for this offence you are condemned to be changed into au pieace of unconscious metal
	layer_10: in his anger he cursd me saying oh wicked van for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metatl
	layer_12: in his anger he curs me saying oh wricked vann for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal

file: 6467-97061-0016.flac
expected: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_2: nthe change too plathi meditly and i fold to the ground t rn ant wl sov e chane
	layer_4: nhe change to clace mediately and i fell to the ground turn antowa silvarchain
	layer_6: the change too clace mediately and i fell to the ground turn into a silvarchain
	layer_8: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn into a silver chain
	layer_10: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn into a silver chain
	layer_12: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn into a silver chain

file: 6467-97061-0017.flac
expected: on his way he saw the silver fetter descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_2: on his ve he saw dhe si wer frectof be sendid to the groun picke did up and cuntine ite his fight
	layer_4: on his vay he saw the silver fretov thes sendid to the grownd piged it up and continu it his fight
	layer_6: on his way he saw the silver fretled descended to the ground picked it up and continueatd his fight
	layer_8: on his way he saw the silver freto descendid to the ground picked it up and continued his fight
	layer_10: on his way he saw the silver frettra descend it to the ground picked it up and continued his fight
	layer_12: on his way he saw the silver frettau descend it to the ground picked it up and continued his fight

file: 6467-97061-0018.flac
expected: the slayer of chandavarma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_2: the slad of themdr ward mire hearing thiskcamemoreor te padesand pocklymounting healipient who had down his tronk hog tho ceive him dacedthime self behind th fince
	layer_4: the slae of tederowertmir hering this came ot of e palas and qwickly mounding ne alepent who held down his tronk tog deceive him laced himself behind the pince
	layer_6: teslare of tendrovarmar hearing this came out of a palos and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his dronk to deceive him laced himself behind the prince
	layer_8: the slair of tendrevarmar hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his tunk to deceive him laced himself behind the prince
	layer_10: the slar of tendro varmar hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him raced himself behind the prince
	layer_12: the slar of tendrovarmar hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him raced himself behind the prince

file: 6467-97061-0019.flac
expected: great was their mutual astonishment and joy when they recognised each other the prince exclaiming is it possible
	layer_2: gge vors tenerycho astonersementd en jivof tan dati cocnaeyachoth u thopins exclaiming is it hosible
	layer_4: gade fors ten riach o estoneshment and jyvf an day the anaedechother de pinse exclaiming is it hossible
	layer_6: gade for then reagh al astonishment and jyv han dai the cignashed each other depense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_8: kade fors en rch al astonishment endjoye and day de cognached each other defends exclaiming is it possible
	layer_10: kate vasenrical astonishment enjoy and they decognized each other defense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_12: kate vas en rical astonishment enjoy and they recognized each other defendse exclaiming is it possible

file: 6467-97061-0020.flac
expected: is it really you my dear friend apaharavarma who have done this deed
	layer_2: is a greally you my dear frien up ahart o atma who have don the steed
	layer_4: is it greally you my dear friend op a hard ofvarma who have on the steed
	layer_6: is it greally you my dear friend upa hard o arma who have done thisteed
	layer_8: is it really you my dear friend apaheardt of arma who have done thi teed
	layer_10: is it really you my dear friend apaheart of armah who have done this teed
	layer_12: is it really you my dear friend apaheart of armaugh who have done this teed

file: 6467-97061-0021.flac
expected: through these they forced their way employing with good effect the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of chandavarma
	layer_2: two thes theiffors theird ray emplying with good a fect the var pants laced on the eipendt for the us of tendrf arma
	layer_4: two these there forsd theiredveay emplying with good affect he vaapensplaced on the edifent for the use of tendrverdma
	layer_6: two these they aforced theird way implying with good effect the veapens placed on the eephant for the use of cendrvarma
	layer_8: to these they fforced their way implying with good effects the weapans placed on the elephant for the use of tendroverman
	layer_10: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the weapans placed on the elephant for the use of cendroverman
	layer_12: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the weapans placed on the elephant for the use of cendroverma

file: 6467-97061-0022.flac
expected: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_2: wbefort havever the had gone far ne heard the knice of pattl at ad jistance and saw the sol iis an fronfh them scatered in all dauretions
	layer_4: wbefored havever the had gone far thea heard the noise of pattl at ad justance and saw the soldiesan fronth them scatered in all diructians
	layer_6: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of pattle at a dustince and saw the soldiers in fronof them scatered in all diructions
	layer_8: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at addistance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_10: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_12: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at addistance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions

file: 6467-97061-0023.flac
expected: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_2: me have just kno and comtered and utly tefeeted the eneme so that tet is nol fer of any fur ter asistence
	layer_4: me have just now and coumtered and utterly defeated the enemy so that thed is no feare of any for the asistence
	layer_6: we have just now endcomrted and utterly defeated the enemy so that theare is no fear of any fur ther assistence
	layer_8: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further assistance
	layer_10: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further assistance
	layer_12: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further assistance

file: 6467-97061-0024.flac
expected: rajavahana agreed to this
	layer_2: ad aie t u her reto this
	layer_4: and irdhevy ha ree to this
	layer_6: and i demy hiw greek to this
	layer_8: and i devi hiw agreed to this
	layer_10: and i devi how agree to this
	layer_12: and i devi how i agree to this

file: 6467-62797-0000.flac
expected: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_2: ort of cutiosity he hun one of them oltside his house
	layer_4: ort of curiosity he hung one of them ouside his house
	layer_6: ort of curiosity he hung one of them ouside his house
	layer_8: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_10: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_12: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house

file: 6467-62797-0001.flac
expected: in cases of scorpion sting dommara medicine men rub up patent boluses with human milk or juice of the milk hedge plant euphorbia tirucalli and apply them to the parts
	layer_2: in cases of scord insting thugh muramerdiscend men rove up paitent plowses we uman milk or juse offtemilcathflant you fourt pear to oecally an afli them to the pats
	layer_4: in cases of scot weien stincg thoug maramedicen men rob up patant plouses wt human milk or juce of the milk hadh flent you fourgt pea to ru caley and afly them to the parts
	layer_6: in cases of scort ein stinc though mara medicen men rub up patent plouses with human milk or juice of the milkhadh splent u fort piare to rucalli and affly them to the parts
	layer_8: in cases of scortwin stingt though mara medicin men drub up patent plauses with human milk or juice of the milkhetc plant eufortpi re thorucalei and affly them to the parts
	layer_10: in cases of scortwand sting though marah medicine men rub up patent plausers with human milk or juice of the milk hatch flent eufort pr thirukali and apply them to the parts
	layer_12: in cases of scortwand sting though murah medicine men rub up patent plausers with human milk or juice of the milk hatch plent eufortpr thirhukali and apply them to the parts

file: 6467-62797-0002.flac
expected: when the umbilical cord of a kondh baby sloughs off a spider is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a cocoanut shell mixed with castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navel
	layer_2: bhen the umbrlical quard of ou foned pe bese los off aspidet as bund in the fir andits ashes oplace in acopeni shol mex vo castr oil and aplied by means of a folls sfather tolthe navle
	layer_4: when the umbolicale quard of oforned pabies las off aspided as boned in the fire and its ashes areplaced in ecopenite shel mexteat castr oil and aplied by means of a foulols feather to the navle
	layer_6: when the unbolical guord of a comned pabiys laws off ospided as burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copenite shell mextwad cast r oil and applied by means of a fowls feather to the navl
	layer_8: when the unbilical gard of afomed pabies lows of ar spiderd is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coconide shell mixt  oh cast ro oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navl
	layer_10: when the umbillical gard of acomed pabies laws of are spiderd is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coconage shell mixt with casts to oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the naval
	layer_12: when the umbillical gard of accomed pabies laws of are spidered is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coconage shell mixt with cast to oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the naval

file: 6467-62797-0003.flac
expected: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settles on the cloth
	layer_2: the hen coll the deadman by his name  an eagerly vate tils some men saxcirl on thecloft
	layer_4: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly waite tills somemintsec cittl on the clofh
	layer_6: te then calld the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insact settle on the cloth
	layer_8: they then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_10: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_12: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth

file: 6467-62797-0004.flac
expected: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_2: bledwes described as zing out offes eyes
	layer_4: bled was described as osing out of is eyes
	layer_6: bled was described as oszing out of hist eyes
	layer_8: blood was described as oozing out of hits eyes
	layer_10: blood was described as oozing out of is eyes
	layer_12: blood was described as oozing out of is eyes

file: 6467-62797-0005.flac
expected: make the patient suck the milk of the breast of a woman whose baby is more than eighty days old
	layer_2: make te pasion suc tha milke of tepresset afert wroman whosebaby is more tharn eit dayse old
	layer_4: make the pation suck the milk off de pressed ofar woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_6: make the patien suk tho milk off depressed offar woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_8: make the patient suct the milk off depressed o a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_10: make the patient suck the milk off depressed o a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_12: make the patient suck the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old

file: 6467-62797-0006.flac
expected: his camp boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resulted from eating one of these animals cooked with some jak fruit
	layer_2: his can oit old him offagaze in thi teat  war sed to have re solten from ending oneouf thes anuals gooked wit sob jackfod
	layer_4: his can boint old him offecase in whih teadh was said to have resulten from ending one ouf these anuals cooked wit subjackflud
	layer_6: his campbointold him off a case in which deadt was said to have resulten from eanding one of these annumals coked with subjack foot
	layer_8: his camp pboyn told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eading one of these anumals cooked with subjack fruit
	layer_10: his cam boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eating one of these anumals cooked with subjact fruit
	layer_12: his cam boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eating one of these annumals cooked with subjact fruit

file: 6467-62797-0007.flac
expected: a few years ago a scare arose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abode in imported german glass bangles which compete with the indigenous industry of the gazula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low in the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the wearer after warning her to get her affairs in order before succumbing
	layer_2: a feuw ars agor ascared barews inconnection with theninsect which wee sat to have tacken up it's abbord n importer jiman glas pangles which tomfpletfwit deendeeginous endustiof dee gaziaban ge makrs neeansectes to portert tolyi lrn the bangle telit wasperters when it would camort and ni theberofe after wardding her togekt her aftfers in oder wet fr sacombing
	layer_4: a few years ago ascared byte was in connection with than insect wich was seid to have taken up its abard in importe toman glass bangles which complete with de indeginous an dusty of dee garzlma bangil makers he insect was to porded to li lowrn the bangl telit waspertues when it would commout and nipped the bero after warning her to get her a fars in order with ar saccoumbing
	layer_6: a few years ago a scared byt a wus in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abwoard in imported ghoman glassbangles which complete with the indeginous and dusty of the ghazulm a bangle makers the insect was reported to liee lo on the bangle tillit was purcas when it would come out and nipped the bearef afterwarding her to get her affairs in order weth was a cumbing
	layer_8: a few years ago are scared baaus in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord an imported cowman glass bangls which complete with the indegenous and dusty of the gazuma bangle makers the insect was reported to lie loaw on the pangle till it was purchase when it would come out and nipp the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order with was socumbing
	layer_10: a few years ago are scared baraus in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord and imported chorman glass bangles which complete with the indeginous industry of the gasuma bange makers the insect was reported to lie low on the pangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order wi wa sacumbeing
	layer_12: a few years ago are scared baraus in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord and imported chorman glass bangles which complete with the indeginous industry of the gasuma bangel makers the insect was reported to lie low on the pangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order wi wa sacumbering

file: 6467-56885-0000.flac
expected: his body was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_2: his body was lonk and slender hard and a diel his siht keen his aman ering
	layer_4: his vody was lonk and slender hard and agiale his sight ken his aman ering
	layer_6: his body was long an slender hard in agile his sight ken his aim and erring
	layer_8: his body was long and slender hard and egile his sight keen his aim and erring
	layer_10: his body was long and slender hard and egile his sight keen his aim and erring
	layer_12: his body was long and slender hard and egile his sight keen his aim and erring

file: 6467-56885-0001.flac
expected: in the month of agrahayan kanti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nydighi with a few sporting companions
	layer_2: in the montofs algr han gan the had gon or shoting the ar the swump of nidiy wih a ew sporting compiniencs
	layer_4: in the mont of agrahen can the had gone or shoting le a the swomp of nidici with a few sporting companions
	layer_6: in the month of algrahan cante had gone out shootingle at theswamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_8: in the month of algrahan canti had gone o shootingle at the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_10: in the month of algrahaan ganti had gone on shootinge ar the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_12: in the month of algrahaan canti had gone on shootingnear the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions

file: 6467-56885-0002.flac
expected: one morning as kanti was seated in his boat cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white ducklings clasped to her breast
	layer_2: one monding as tontdy wa sitered in his port fleaning a favord cun he sad anly stated at what hetired was tecry afo widoct looking of he saw avelast mailand coming to the wates ege with dwo white doctlingsclase to have prest
	layer_4: one monding as gonty was satered in his poart cleaning a favourd con he said enly started ad what he tart was tecry if wi doc looking up he saw a velace mailan comingto the water's edge with to white tockling sclase to heve preset
	layer_6: one morning as cante was sated in his port cleaning a favouritde gun he suddenly started at what he theart was the cryof wie tock looking up he saw a villes mailen coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings glaped to here pressed
	layer_8: one morning as caunty was seated in his port cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he' thart was the cry of a wile duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tucklings clapsed to here pressed
	layer_10: one morning as santy was seated in his port cleaning a favorite gun he suddenly started at what he thogt was the cry of a wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tucklings claped to her pressed
	layer_12: one morning as santy was seated in his port cleaning a favorite gun he suddenly started at what he thaugt was the cry of a wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tucklings clasped to her pressed

file: 6467-56885-0003.flac
expected: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_2: negrl put the birds into the watter and watce therm anxxious me
	layer_4: degil put the birds into the water and was them manxious le
	layer_6: the girl put the birds into the water and was them anxiously
	layer_8: the girl put the birds into the water and wats them anxiously
	layer_10: the girl put the birds into the water and warts them anxiously
	layer_12: the girl put the birds into the water and warcs them anxiously

file: 6467-56885-0004.flac
expected: looking round kanti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the ducks
	layer_2: looking roaund can ty saw one of his men poinding and ulorded gun ad dedoks
	layer_4: looking rouned count de saw one of his men poinding and unloded gun ad the docks
	layer_6: looking round crant e saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_8: looking round cranty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_10: looking round cranty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_12: looking round cranty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks

file: 6467-56885-0005.flac
expected: kanti went on cleaning his gun
	layer_2: cantymen don tleamning his gune
	layer_4: canta men ton cleaning his gune
	layer_6: canty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_8: canty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_10: carnty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_12: canty went on cleaning his gun

file: 6467-56885-0006.flac
expected: after kanti had eaten and drunk the brahmin begged him to introduce himself kanti gave his own name his father's name and the address of his home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall deem myself fortunate
	layer_2: after kan ty had eten andtrunk the braman bect himtoint du e himself ga ti gave his own name his father's name and heed tersof is home and then serd inusual bey if i cand lbe oveany sarva sir i shall kin musu fougtnite
	layer_4: after kanty had eaten and trunk the bramin peced him to ino duse himself canti gave his own name his father's name and yetdes of ice home and then said in usual bay if i can be of an y sevicsir i shall kin my sal fortinate
	layer_6: after caunti had eaten and trunk the braminpecked him to introduce himself canti gave his own name his father's name and yet tes of ice home and then said in usual bay if i can be of any servicecar i shall gein my sl fotunate
	layer_8: after cunty had eaten and drunk the braminpecged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet tus of us home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any servicer i shall gine myself fortunate
	layer_10: after canty had eaten and drunk the brahmin pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet us of us home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any serviceser i shall gin myself fortunate
	layer_12: after canty had eaten and drunk the brahmin pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet us of us home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service ser i shall gin myself fortunate

file: 6467-56885-0007.flac
expected: so saying kanti repeated his salute and went back
	layer_2: so cen con tiry peterd has selut and wen back
	layer_4: soseeying contiri peatered his solute and went pack
	layer_6: so seeing contilrepeatered his salute and went back
	layer_8: so saying countrepeatered his salute and went back
	layer_10: so saying countrepeted his salute and went back
	layer_12: so saying countrepetered his salute and went back

file: 6467-56885-0008.flac
expected: the brick built mansion of the mazumdars had been borrowed for the wedding ceremony which was fixed for next magh as kanti did not wish to delay
	layer_2: lo prec bote mantion of the mosomtars had beean borod fort the ening sermolmy which wa fext foarthenex mark as coun di did not fish to delay
	layer_4: te prectbote mantion of the mozomtas had bean borod fort the beining sermony which was fexed forthenext mark as condy did not fish to delay
	layer_6: the creck bult mansion of the mosum hars had bean borrowed fort the beling sermony which was fixed for the next mark as cunti did not wish to delay
	layer_8: the creck bolt mention of the mossumtars had been borrowed for the wending sermony which was fixed for the next mark as candy did not wish to delay
	layer_10: the crick bolt mension of the mosumgas had been borrowed for the wenning sermony which was fixed for the next mark as canty did not wish to delay
	layer_12: the crick bilt mension of the mosumgas had been borrowed for the wenning sermony which was fixed for the next mark as canty did not wish to delay

file: 6467-56885-0009.flac
expected: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a torchlight procession and the ceremony began
	layer_2: indu ime to bra ro mari d on his alepent with droms and music and with thaparhtsfey prorsession ind the sedenman thy begain
	layer_4: in du time the prad growmarived on his elephent withtrums and music and with a tarts ray procession and the cerlemany began
	layer_6: in dutime the brid gro arived on his elephant with droms and music and with a tart's ray procession in the ceremony began
	layer_8: in due time the pride groom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a partway procession in the ceremony began
	layer_10: in due time the pridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a partway procession and the ceremony began
	layer_12: in due time the pridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a partuay procession and the ceremony began

file: 6467-56885-0010.flac
expected: in that bashful downcast face crowned with the wedding coronet and bedecked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognise the village maiden of his fancy and in the fulness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_2: in tha pash ful don guast face courd on whet dereling colrnr and bedact wit sandle paste he could scarcelyreicogknizedte beleate maden of hisfancy and in the folnes off isa mortion an must seemd to be cloud his eys
	layer_4: in that pasheful down gast face couldon with the relling coranar and bed act with sandl paste he could scarcely thecognised the belate maden off hits fancy and in the fullnass offics amotion amist seemd to be clourd his eyes
	layer_6: in that pashful downgast face curd on with the relling coronair and bed ackted with sandal paste he could scarcely recognized the velage made en of hits fancy and in the fullness off his amotion a mist seemed to be cloured his eyes
	layer_8: in that pashful downgast face curt on with the railing coronair and bed aced with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the billiage maiden of hits fancy and in the fullness off hice emotion a mist seem to be cloued his eyes
	layer_10: in that pashful downghast face ct on with the vailing coronaire en bedacked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the village maidean of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_12: in that pashful downchast face cut on with the railing coronaire endbedacked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the village maden of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes

file: 6467-56885-0011.flac
expected: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dim and darkness to tarnish the face of the bride herself
	layer_2: deligd ot the lamp seemd tho cor them and darkness tutanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_4: delihd of the lamps seemed to grow them and darkness to tunish the face of the pride herself
	layer_6: delight of the lamp seemed to crod them and darkness to tunish the face of the pride herself
	layer_8: delight of the lamps seemed to gro them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_10: telight of the lamps seemed to groat them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_12: thelight of the lamps seemed to groat them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself

file: 6467-56885-0012.flac
expected: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_2: at first he felet anglveit thes fathernla dheold scon gri had shon him bone gorl and mardied him doanoter
	layer_4: at first he felet angryvwith his fathern law the old scon drell head sown him one girl and married him do another
	layer_6: at first he fellt angry with his fathern law the old scondrel had showng him one girl and married him to another
	layer_8: at first he felt angry with his father i law the old scondrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_10: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scondrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_12: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scondrel had shown him one girl and married him to another

file: 6467-56885-0013.flac
expected: close upon it followed the girl he had seen before
	layer_2: hle was upon i follored the grd he had sened bhefor
	layer_4: clos upon it followed the gird he had seen before
	layer_6: glese upon it followed the gird he had seen before
	layer_8: clos upon it followed the gird he had seen before
	layer_10: lose upon it followed the gird he had seen before
	layer_12: loose upon it followed the gird he had seen before

file: 6467-56885-0014.flac
expected: oh the mad girl cried the women as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_2: oh the mad gr kried ta woman as theymede sins to hear to lu you or on
	layer_4: oh the mad giran critde the boman as theymd signs to her to le e the t om
	layer_6: oh the mad girln cried the woman as they mide signs to her to leeave the om
	layer_8: o the mad girln cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rom
	layer_10: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the dom
	layer_12: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the doom

file: 6467-56885-0015.flac
expected: all the women in the room began to titter
	layer_2: a lir tle manm intherf rom began to titer
	layer_4: ol lovemom in the oroon began te tita
	layer_6: al live men in the o room began to tita
	layer_8: all liveamen in the  room began to titta
	layer_10: all livermen in the room began to titter
	layer_12: all livermen in the room began to titter

file: 6467-56885-0016.flac
expected: the increasing laughter in the room betokened an amusing joke
	layer_2: thinrleasing laugh err inthe onm betok end and a musing jok
	layer_4: the increasing laugheder in the dom betalkend an amusing jok
	layer_6: the increasing laughter in the room be takened an a musing jok
	layer_8: the increasing laughter in the room be talkened han amusing jok
	layer_10: the increasing laughter in the room be talkened an amusing joke
	layer_12: the increasing laughter in the room betalkened an amusing joke

file: 6467-56885-0017.flac
expected: with a sigh of intense relief as of escape from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_2: with the si of in denseleath as of e scae on elamiry he looked once morne into the face of hus brid
	layer_4: with the sig of intense leaf as of escaedron elamily he looked once morn into the face of his bride
	layer_6: with the sigh of intense leaf as of escalied ron nelamery he looked once moren into the face of his bride
	layer_8: with a sigh of intense leaf as of iscaled omn galamire he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_10: with a sigh of intense leaf as of escalye from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_12: with a sigh of intense leaf as of escale fron calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride

file: 3663-172005-0000.flac
expected: the fawn had taken his morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_2: the fan had taken this morning mal and now ly crled up on a bed of moss
	layer_4: the fon had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on abed of moss
	layer_6: the fawnd had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_8: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_10: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_12: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss

file: 3663-172005-0001.flac
expected: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_2: when never ther fon cutup he was quite contn to frisk about
	layer_4: whe never the fon cot ap he was quite contend to frisk about
	layer_6: whenever the fawn cut up he was quite conteind to frisk about
	layer_8: whenever the fawn cught up he was quite contened to frisk about
	layer_10: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite contened to frisk about
	layer_12: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite contened to frisk about

file: 3663-172005-0002.flac
expected: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_2: the tangere was serto now it was near
	layer_4: the danger was sertai now it was ner
	layer_6: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_8: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_10: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_12: the danger was certain now it was near

file: 3663-172005-0003.flac
expected: the hounds had struck her trail where she turned and the fawn was safe
	layer_2: the hous has trucke trail where she turned and the fornm was seve
	layer_4: the house had struck a trail where she turned and the form as save
	layer_6: the hous had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was save
	layer_8: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was save
	layer_10: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the form was save
	layer_12: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the form was save

file: 3663-172005-0004.flac
expected: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_2: ine wast roing theate had a gun in his han what should she do
	layer_4: one wast roaing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_6: one was roing the other had agun in his hand what should she do
	layer_8: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_10: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_12: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do

file: 3663-172005-0005.flac
expected: her tired legs could not propel the tired body rapidly
	layer_2: her tiurt lags couuld not propaild the tiant vordi repenyg
	layer_4: her tiret lekes could not prepal the tient bordin reponlyg
	layer_6: her tiret lakes could not prepel the tiant bordine rapidly
	layer_8: her tiret lekes could not prepel the tiant boardeine rapidly
	layer_10: her tire legs could not prepel the tiant bordine rapidly
	layer_12: her tired legs could not prepel the tiant bordine rapidly

file: 3663-172005-0006.flac
expected: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_2: the dol saw the boat narring her
	layer_4: the do saw the boat narring her
	layer_6: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_8: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_10: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_12: the doe saw the boat nearing her

file: 3663-172005-0007.flac
expected: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_2: in the moement more the boat was on her and the man at the ors hat endover and caught her
	layer_4: in tha moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leandover and caught her
	layer_6: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_8: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_10: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_12: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her

file: 3663-172528-0000.flac
expected: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctors orders
	layer_2: i was tormeantat bmy tirst but had abstae from dreanking for many days according to the docthis orders
	layer_4: i was tormentad by thirst but had abstayd from drinking for many days according to the ducti's orders
	layer_6: i was tormented by thirst but had abstad from drinking for many days according to the doctis orders
	layer_8: i was tormented by thirst but had abstaied from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_10: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_12: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders

file: 3663-172528-0001.flac
expected: that old man ceased to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_2: that old mencia se to give so much a knoions hyeet sometimes fhe appeare to me in dreams
	layer_4: that old mancsase to give so much annoyons yet sometimes the appeared to me in dreams
	layer_6: that old man sees to give so much annoyons yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_8: that old man sees to give so much annoyancse yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_10: that old man sees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_12: that old man sees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams

file: 3663-172528-0002.flac
expected: felice had given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_2: fell e ca gvent them orders not to spi to m of this
	layer_4: fillech i given them orders not to spea to me of this
	layer_6: filich i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_8: filich i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_10: filich i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_12: filich i given them orders not to speak to me of this

file: 3663-172528-0003.flac
expected: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_2: this maydt had stollen fro me certain lirtl sings of some img portens and in her fer ben ethactet she would have vd been very glad ifv i had did
	layer_4: this made had stolen from me certain little sings of some importance and in her fea ro bing detictet she would have ha been very glad if i had died
	layer_6: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear o being detected she would havebeen very glad if i had died
	layer_8: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_10: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_12: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died

file: 3663-172528-0004.flac
expected: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full one i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_2: accordingny se allout mea twis to take as much as i courd of the water so that igood earness i swallowed more than a flask fol i then covlert myself and began to swet and tell n to a ded sip
	layer_4: accordinglytialloud mean twise to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnes i swollowed more then a flask foll i then covered myself and began to swet and fell into a deebped sleep
	layer_6: accordingly she allowed mean twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask fall i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deeb sleep
	layer_8: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask fall i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep seep
	layer_10: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask fall i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep seep
	layer_12: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask fall i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep

file: 3663-172528-0005.flac
expected: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_2: the e that my poor fra was on the point of falling to the ground sogreavet as he to hearhis
	layer_4: the sad that my poor frendas on the point of falling to the ground so gravedtwas he to hear this
	layer_6: they sa that my poor frenmd was on the point of falling to the ground so graved was he to hear this
	layer_8: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so gravetdt was he to hear this
	layer_10: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so gravet was he to hear this
	layer_12: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grave was he to hear this

file: 3663-172528-0006.flac
expected: afterwards he took an ugly stick and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then
	layer_2: after word s he took en agleas tat and began to beat taeserving girl with allw his mit shauting out ah trratrouss you have killdim for mea than
	layer_4: afterwars he took en agleast tate and began to beat te serving girl with all his mit shouting out ah tratrous you have killedim for me then
	layer_6: afterwards he took an aglyse date and began to beat the serving girl with all his mit shouting out ah tratrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_8: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah tratrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_10: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitorous you have killed him for me then
	layer_12: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitorous you have killed him for me then

file: 3663-172528-0007.flac
expected: she may indeed have saved my life so lend me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_2: she man did have saved my life so led mea helping hand for i have swet id and bequick aboutd it
	layer_4: she main did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweatted and bequick about it
	layer_6: shemain did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweatted and be quick about it
	layer_8: she mainded have saved my life so let me a helpin hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_10: she may nded have saved my life so led me a helpin hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_12: she may indeed have saved my life so led me a help in hand for i have sweated and be quick about it

file: 3663-172528-0008.flac
expected: felice recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_2: fhily the recoverthi spirits drite a mate ne comfrtable and i been conscious of ar great improofment if my stae begen to recon on recovery
	layer_4: filluca recovert his spirits dride and make nme comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvment in my stake began to recon on recovery
	layer_6: filita recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i bein conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_8: felicha recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_10: felicha recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_12: felicha recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery

file: 3663-172528-0009.flac
expected: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_2: just thad the ohe doctor bernardikno put hin his appearans who at the bigiting of my iners had refused to bleevp me
	layer_4: just than the othe doctor bernardino put in his appearancs who had the bigitding of my ilners had refused to blevde me
	layer_6: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who hat the beginning of my ilnors had refused to bleevd me
	layer_8: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_10: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_12: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illners had refused to bleed me

file: 3663-172528-0010.flac
expected: maestro francesco that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_2: mystroferen cheschoes that most able man excleaed oh power of thencher
	layer_4: mystroufheren chescos that most able man exclamed oh power of nhature
	layer_6: mystro fron ches coes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_8: my estra fronches coes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_10: maestra fronchescoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_12: maestra franchescoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature

file: 3663-172528-0011.flac
expected: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_2: she nose what she requieurs and the physiciens no nothig
	layer_4: she knows what she requiers and the physicions no nothing
	layer_6: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_8: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_10: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_12: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing

file: 3663-172528-0012.flac
expected: that simpleton maestro bernardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_2: tha sibote mystruber noan d no maye unsosane if he had drunkanother botel he would have bee ckured upon the s pot
	layer_4: tha siboton my strobernandeno made unso sain if he had drunkanother bottl he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_6: tha sibotan mysrobernadino made unsu sayng if he had drunk ennother bottle he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_8: thet sybutton mysro burnardino made ansusaying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_10: that sibouton masra bernardino made ansusayng if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_12: that sibootton mistra bernardino made ansusang if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot

file: 3663-172528-0013.flac
expected: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_2: afters he turned to me and askivycould have drunk more water
	layer_4: afterwards he turned to me and aski i could have drunk more water
	layer_6: afterwards he turned to me and ask if i could have drunk more water
	layer_8: afterwards he turned to me and ask if i could have drunk more water
	layer_10: afterwards he turned to me and aske if i could have drunk more water
	layer_12: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water

file: 3663-172528-0014.flac
expected: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_2: i onswered no because i had etarey quinted my thirst
	layer_4: i onswered no because i had entirely quentt my thirst
	layer_6: i onsered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_8: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_10: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_12: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst

file: 3663-172528-0015.flac
expected: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man begged you to bleed him
	layer_2: in like menner she was usking fuar what she wantit whih the pool yog man te du to bled him
	layer_4: in like maner she was asking for what she wantedt whith the poo yung man thad du to blead him
	layer_6: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted weith the poor young man thad due to blead him
	layer_8: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted whenh the poor young man bad due to bleed him
	layer_10: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bagd due to bleed him
	layer_12: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bad due to bleed him

file: 3663-172528-0016.flac
expected: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_2: if you near tat is recoveri depedet upon his drenking too fhlasks of water why tit you not say so before
	layer_4: if you near that is recovery depedet upon his drinking too flasks of water why dit you not say so before
	layer_6: if you ner that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flusks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_8: if you kneaw that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_10: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_12: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before

file: 3663-172528-0017.flac
expected: you might then have boasted of his cure
	layer_2: you might then have bosted of this ckl
	layer_4: you might then have boasted of his cil
	layer_6: you might then have boasted on his cill
	layer_8: you might then have boasted on his kill
	layer_10: you might then have boasted on his kel
	layer_12: you might then have boasted on his keel

file: 3663-172528-0018.flac
expected: at these words the wretched quack sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_2: at this worvs the rechic quhate so cavly deport it a never shoultis fase agee
	layer_4: at this words the wretchoc uike socily depard it and never shoued is face agane
	layer_6: at this words the wretche quite socilly departed and never showed his face again
	layer_8: at these words the wretche quite sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_10: at these words the wretched quite sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_12: at these words the wretched quite sulkily departed and never showed his face again

file: 3663-172528-0019.flac
expected: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_2: the verevening i was staken with great precautions in the chair well repet up and protectedt from the cold
	layer_4: the verevening i was saken with greate precautions in he chair well reptd up and protectev from the cold
	layer_6: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrepped up and protected from the cold
	layer_8: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wraped up and protected from the cold
	layer_10: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapt up and protected from the cold
	layer_12: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrappt up and protected from the cold

file: 3663-172528-0020.flac
expected: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_2: do not prmiti any oradularicties for shogh he ha teskape thistin in nother des oder now would be the death of him
	layer_4: do not premittim any oregularities for though he has escaped this tyine inother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_6: do not permittim any irregularities for though he has escaped this time ennother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_8: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time inother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_10: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_12: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him

file: 3663-172528-0021.flac
expected: then he turned to me and said my benvenuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_2: thate hy trneed to me and sedt my ban venntal be pruden com meat no excesses and whe you ae quite wrecovert i ba gou to mate me a ma da nhow with you on hand and i weull always pay my divosioes toit for your sak
	layer_4: that eturned to me and sac my ban vena to be prudend commet no excesses and we you are quite recovert i ba you to make me a madona with your ownd hand and i well always pay my devotios to it for yourl sake
	layer_6: thet heturned to me and said my banvenul tal be prudend commit no eccesses and when you are quite recovered i bag you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_8: then he turned to me and said my ban venutol be prudent commint no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_10: then he turned to me and said my ban venuetau be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_12: then he turned to me and said my ban venuretal be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake

file: 3663-172528-0022.flac
expected: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_2: so i made my mynd up and prepar to trevle
	layer_4: so i made my mind up and prepard to trevele
	layer_6: so i made my mind up and prepared to trevel
	layer_8: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_10: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_12: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel

file: 3663-172528-0023.flac
expected: that day many friends came to see me among others pier landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_2: that day many frens kape to seeme amon othes pier lodbe wh was the best adearest friened i evel had
	layer_4: that day many friends cape to see me among others piere lone who was the best a dearest friend i ever had
	layer_6: that day many friends cape to see me among others pierre landy who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_8: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landy who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_10: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landy who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_12: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landy who was the best and dearest friend i ever had

file: 3663-172528-0024.flac
expected: next day there came a certain niccolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_2: mixes day thai came acerten miklelo tha monte a glouto who was also a very great fran of min
	layer_4: nixtday they came a ertaon nikolod the montay aguto who was also a very great fren of mine
	layer_6: next day the came a surgaon nikolo damonte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_8: next day there came a sergeaon nicolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_10: next day there came a surgeon niccolo da monte agutto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_12: next day there came a surgeon niccolo da monte agrutto who was also a very great friend of mine

file: 3663-172528-0025.flac
expected: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_2: i had harbird hiv an ro and provid et for his costs while he hedt tured my whole house upsit down for the man was subjec to ha species of dry sca wheich he was always in the habit of s corehing with tis hade
	layer_4: i had harbid him in rom and providedt for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the hadbit of scoretching with his han
	layer_6: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a species of dry sca which he was always in the habit of scretching with his hand
	layer_8: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_10: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scamb which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_12: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands

file: 3663-172528-0026.flac
expected: meanwhile that able physician francesco da monte varchi attended to my cure with great skill
	layer_2: meanwi that able fisitian fronchescod themonterwiky attended to my kurl with great skiul
	layer_4: meanwhile that able physician fron chescoed tha montavarci attende to my cue with great skil
	layer_6: meanwhile that able physician fronchesco damontevarchi attendend to mycu with great skill
	layer_8: meanwhile that able physician franchesco de monte varci attended to my chu with great skill
	layer_10: meanwhile that able physician francesco d' montevircis attended to my cul with great skill
	layer_12: meanwhile that able physician francesco d' monte virci attended to my cul with great skill

file: 3663-172528-0027.flac
expected: there they seated me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_2: thee the sidit me to waite unti thae duke wetd by
	layer_4: there they sidet me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_6: there they sit red mea to wait until the duke went by
	layer_8: there they sit red me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_10: there they sited mee to wait until the duke went by
	layer_12: there they sited mee to wait until the duke went by

file: 3663-172528-0028.flac
expected: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_2: many of my friens at caurd came up to greet me and expresse surprice tat i had unde gone the inconvenionce of beng carrit in that wa while so shatad by ilness thi sead that i ought to arve watet to loi was well and thento ave visitet the dou
	layer_4: many of my friends at cored came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had under gone the inconveniens of being carried in that way while so shetted by illness the sad that i ought to have waited toli was well and then to have visiteed the dupe
	layer_6: many of my friends at cord came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shetterd by illness the sad that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duk
	layer_8: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_10: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness theys said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_12: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke

file: 3663-172528-0029.flac
expected: at these words maestro agostino the dukes tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that is all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_2: at this words mystr ougos teno the dukes taile mat is ways through al those gentlmen and sad it thats all you wan to know you shall knoit at this verymomet
	layer_4: at this words my straaugostdenow te duke's tala mate is wa througwh all those gentleman and said itf thats all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_6: at these words mystruagostino the dukes tala mit is wai through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_8: at these words mysra agostino the duke's talo mit his ways through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_10: at these words myestr agostino the duke's taylor mitthi's ways through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_12: at these words myestr agostino the duke's taylor mithis ways through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment

file: 3663-172528-0030.flac
expected: giorgio the painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and maestro agostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_2: georgos ta painter whol mi have mantioned happenet just an to pass and my srooglosdenow excleede tereris te manaral o cuse you now you know youselvtive it be truel o not
	layer_4: georgos a painter whom i have mensioned happened jus then to pass and my sroagosdino excleed vereris temanho accused you now ouknow yoasel vivh it betruel or not
	layer_6: georgos a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and miise rughagustino exclaimed tereis te manho accused you now you know yoursell wivh it be truel or not
	layer_8: georgiosa painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myis rouagustino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself wifh it be true or not
	layer_10: georgios a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myus srou agustino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself wif it be true or not
	layer_12: georgio's a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myus srou agustino exclaimed there is the man who' accused you now you know yourself wif it be true or not

file: 3663-172528-0031.flac
expected: as fiercely as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked giorgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_2: as eise as i could not beng mable to lieive my set i aske joljo iyf it was true that he had a kused o me
	layer_4: as peis e as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked jeolgjo if it was true that he had accused o me
	layer_6: as fcy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geolgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_8: as fucy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_10: as fucy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_12: as fucy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georgio if it was true that he had accused me

file: 3663-172528-0032.flac
expected: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_2: he denint that it was soa and that he had ever said evrything of the sord
	layer_4: he denined that it was so and that he had ever said evything of the sord
	layer_6: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said eveything of the sword
	layer_8: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said evything of the sord
	layer_10: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_12: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort

file: 3663-172528-0033.flac
expected: maestro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_2: myreuw a gastenot retarted you gallowsbired
	layer_4: my ruagostino retorted you geallowsbird
	layer_6: my stru agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_8: mycro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_10: mysro agustino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_12: mysro agustino retorted you gallows bird

file: 3663-172528-0034.flac
expected: dont you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_2: don't he know that i knowit for most sertaen
	layer_4: don't you know that i know it for most sertain
	layer_6: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_8: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_10: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_12: don't you know that i know it for most certain

file: 3663-172528-0035.flac
expected: giorgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_2: gor jo made off as queckly as he could wrepeding that he had not a cused me
	layer_4: georgo made off as quickly as he could repeading that he had not accused me
	layer_6: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_8: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_10: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_12: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me

file: 3663-172528-0036.flac
expected: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_2: then after  short while the dut came by whereupor i had myself raisedt up before his exilad sey and he holti
	layer_4: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i head myself raised up before his exellendsy and he halt it
	layer_6: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_8: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_10: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_12: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted

file: 3663-172528-0037.flac
expected: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my health
	layer_2: the duke daysed at me ad movod i wastal alife afterwards he ba me take heed to be an honest man and regade my helse
	layer_4: the duke dazsed at me and morvoede i wias stiall alife afterwards e bade me take hed to be an honest man and regade my helse
	layer_6: the duke dazed at me and marvoled i was still alife afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my hels
	layer_8: the duke dazed at me and marveoed i was still alife afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my healh
	layer_10: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my health
	layer_12: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my health

file: 3663-172528-0038.flac
expected: when i reached home niccolo da monte aguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leave because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_2: when i reached hom neicolo thamon tea ghootal came to visit ne and told me that i had excae one of the most gretful parials in the worl quite caotrary to all his expectations for he hadt see my ruin reten with indelliboe enk now i must make ase to get well and after wirs tick frenchly because myjapirdy cavbe from a quarter and a man whowas able to destroy min
	layer_4: when i reached home nicolod damontay a gutoe came to visit me and told me that i had excaped one of the most dripeful parios in the worl quite catrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruine ritten with indeliboe ink now i must make hast to get well and afterwarys tak frenchlyf because my japidy cave from a quarter and a man who was able to destraoy me
	layer_6: when i reached home nikolo damonte a guta came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most draful periols in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seend my ruine written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterward take frenchlyf because my japady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_8: when i reached home nicolau da monte agruto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perios in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take frenchlif because my japady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_10: when i reached home niccola dal monte agruta came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perios in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_12: when i reached home niccola dal monte a grueta came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perios in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me

file: 3663-172528-0039.flac
expected: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_2: i an ser tat i had do nothing to displecyn but that he had injurdt me and toldim all thy of fair a bout the menth
	layer_4: i ansed that i had done nothing to displeashim but that he had ingured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_6: i answere that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_8: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had indured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_10: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had indured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_12: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint

file: 3663-172528-0040.flac
expected: he repeated get hence as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_2: he repead it get hades queckly as you can and be o goold courace for you wi'l se o vagecs executed sooner tan you waxpactt
	layer_4: he repeatid get heands is quikly as you can and be of good curage for you will see of vengenc executed sooner than you axpact
	layer_6: he repeated get heads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see of vengeance executed sooner than you waexpect
	layer_8: he repeated get heads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_10: he repeated get heads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_12: he repeated get heads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect

file: 3663-172528-0041.flac
expected: i the best attention to my health gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_2: i the best atteciene to my helse tavep pearterol pagalo at vice abou stating the coins and ther went off apot my way to ro withot sayn a word to the duke ol anybodhe els
	layer_4: i the bast attentien to my helse dave pierteral pagalo at vice about stamping the coins and they went off upon my way to ro without saying a word to the duke ol anybody ells
	layer_6: i the best attention to my helse gave pietro pagolo atvice about stamping the coins and the went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody els
	layer_8: i the best attention to my helsh gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to robe without saying a word to the duke of anybody else
	layer_10: i the best attention to my hels gave piatro pagalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rom without saying a word to the duke of anybody else
	layer_12: i the best attention to my hels gave piatro pagalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke of anybody else

file: 3663-172528-0042.flac
expected: you want them to immortalise that ferocious tyrant
	layer_2: you want them to  more tolie that for rosies tirendt
	layer_4: you want them to emore tollize tet for rocious tirant
	layer_6: you want them to imortalize that fe rocious tyrant
	layer_8: you want them to immortalize that farocious tyrant
	layer_10: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_12: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant

file: 3663-172528-0043.flac
expected: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_2: you havd never made anything sol ex lesit which provsu iwl im vaterit fo and tha divod at frend and yet the pope a hye have had i twice i min to hangk you withou any fault of yos
	layer_4: you have never made anything so exquis it which proves you i irl invaterate fo and the divodet friend and yet the pope and he have had it twise in mind to handg you withou any fault of yurse
	layer_6: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you i wil inveterate fol and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_8: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you i wirl inveterate fol and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_10: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you irl inveterate foae and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_12: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you ir inveterate foae and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours

file: 3663-172528-0044.flac
expected: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clement
	layer_2: it was firlybelet that du alisided was the sin of pope plavin
	layer_4: it was firmly beletd that duke alisidro was the son of pope plaman
	layer_6: it was firmly believe that duke alisadro was the son of pope clemend
	layer_8: it was firmly believed that duke alesandro was the son of pope clament
	layer_10: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clamente
	layer_12: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clament

file: 3663-172528-0045.flac
expected: messer francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that medal
	layer_2: meserfren cheschol used oso to say and swere by all he saints that if he could he would have robped me of the dies forl that meadaw
	layer_4: messer froenchescal used olso to say and swere by all his sints that if yhe could he would have roped me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_6: meser froncescol used also to say and sweare by all his saint that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow
	layer_8: massor francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow
	layer_10: messr francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow
	layer_12: messor francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow

file: 3663-172528-0046.flac
expected: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_2: i respornde that he had done welld to tell meso and that i would tick such care of them that he should nemus them more
	layer_4: i respoinded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would tike such care of them that he should nees e them more
	layer_6: i respoinded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never se them more
	layer_8: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_10: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_12: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more

file: 3663-172528-0047.flac
expected: i now sent to florence to request lorenzino that he would send me the reverse of the medal
	layer_2: i no sen to flowrence to requese loren senknon that he would seaied me the reverse of the madalw
	layer_4: i now sent to flowrence to request loren sen on that he would sand me the reverse of the medow
	layer_6: i nown sent to florence to request lorensynon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_8: i now sent to florence to request lorencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_10: i now sent to florence to request lourencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_12: i now sent to florence to request lourencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow

file: 3663-172528-0048.flac
expected: niccolo da monte aguto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenzino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_2: nicol o thamonteal goouto to whom i hadt rete roude back saying that he ha spokcene to that mad malocaly phlasupfer lored senot forit he ha replihdhahyoeu was stinking nigt ad day of nothing else and that he would sinisht as soon as he was able
	layer_4: nicolod da montaa guto to whome i had reton rote back saying that he had spoken to that mad malon colly fhilaws suffe lored see not for it he had replied ha he was thinking nighe and day of nothing euse and that he would inish it as soon as he was able
	layer_6: nikolo damonteial guto to whom i had reatten wrote back saying that he had spoken to that ma malancholy philosoper loredee no for it he had replied that he was thinking night ad day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_8: nicolau da montel guto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher loredc not for it he had replied that he was thinking night a day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_10: niccolau dal montei gueta to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher louredcnote for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_12: niccolau dal monteil guleta to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher louredecinote for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able

file: 3663-172528-0049.flac
expected: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_2: nevertelis i was not to sedt my hopes upon his revers but i had better imvend one out of my owlnd head and when i had finishd it i might bring t without hasitatien to the duke for this would be to my e vontache
	layer_4: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it withou hesitation to the duke for this would be to my atvantage
	layer_6: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_8: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_10: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_12: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage

file: 3663-172528-0050.flac
expected: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_2: i compost the dein of e reverse which seeved to me appropiat adpressed the word forwet to my beset ability
	layer_4: i composed the design of a reverse which seeved to me appropiate andpressed the wordh forwad to my best ability
	layer_6: i composed the design of a reverse which ceeved to me appropiate andpressed the workd forward to my best ability
	layer_8: i composed the design of a reverse which ceemed to me appropiate and pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_10: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_12: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the word forward to my best ability

file: 3663-172528-0051.flac
expected: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_2: this begeso as he was a fellol of much fhoumer we yoused affir to laugh together about the great credit he hat gae
	layer_4: this big so as he was a fellow of much humar we used affered to laugh together about the great credit he had game
	layer_6: thisbeing so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offere to laugh together about the great credit he had gane
	layer_8: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gaine
	layer_10: this being so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_12: this being so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gained

file: 3663-172528-0052.flac
expected: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling piece ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_2: i therefor dis mounted at os got my foling peas rady and at  very log range brought to of them down witha singol ball
	layer_4: i therefore dismounted at one got my fowling peace rady and at a very long range brought twoe of them down with a sigo ball
	layer_6: i therefore dismounted at once got my fouling peace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_8: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_10: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_12: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball

file: 3663-172528-0053.flac
expected: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_2: i nevea used to sut withmoe tat one ball and was usally able to hat my mark at to hundre kubits which cannot be done by other ways of lodyg
	layer_4: i never used to shrud with mall then one ball and was usually able to heat my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loding
	layer_6: i never used to shoed with moll than one ball and was usually able to hat my mark at two hundred cubidts which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_8: i never used to shoed with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_10: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hat my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_12: i never used to shood with more than one ball and was usually able to heat my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading

file: 3663-172528-0054.flac
expected: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_2: i livet it my fot and that the wote ranout ted when it had mounted we make hase for rome
	layer_4: i livet it my foot and let the water run out zten when i had mounted we make haste for rom
	layer_6: i lived et my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we make haste for rome
	layer_8: i lifetded my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_10: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we makde haste for rome
	layer_12: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we make haste for rome

file: 4323-18416-0000.flac
expected: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_2: there was no answer and after on ertwo in effectual attents fronsy turnd fearfully away
	layer_4: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents frose tured fearfully away
	layer_6: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attens frosiy tured fearfully away
	layer_8: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents fronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_10: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts prownsie turned fearfully away
	layer_12: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phrownsie turned fearfully away

file: 4323-18416-0001.flac
expected: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knob
	layer_2: all try and she lait a quicki n nom manow
	layer_4: i'll try and she laid a quick inn o menow
	layer_6: i'll try and she laid a quickin an nom men now
	layer_8: i'll try and she laid a quick in in o mi now
	layer_10: i'll try and she laid a quick hand in on menow
	layer_12: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on on menow

file: 4323-18416-0002.flac
expected: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_2: two red spots burnonor cheeks and her paledlywie snopd
	layer_4: two red spots burnd on her cheeks and her paled lew eised snapped
	layer_6: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_8: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_10: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_12: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped

file: 4323-18416-0003.flac
expected: oh i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_2: wim suri heard it raging ot then down
	layer_4: whi 'm sure i heard at raging op then down
	layer_6: whi 'm sure i heard it raging upf then down
	layer_8: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_10: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_12: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down

file: 4323-18416-0004.flac
expected: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back
	layer_2: i don't manan you ditner said sharylet drawing tack
	layer_4: i don't wan anyou dinner said sharlet drawing mack
	layer_6: i don't want any dinner said charlot drawing back
	layer_8: i don't want any dinner said charlottedrawing back
	layer_10: i don't want any dinner said charlottedrawing back
	layer_12: i don't want any dinner said charlottedrawing back

file: 4323-18416-0005.flac
expected: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_2: yes indeed said polyterily just as fines can be
	layer_4: yes indeed said poletarily just as fin is can be
	layer_6: yes indeed said polycherily just as fine as can be
	layer_8: yes indeed said poly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_10: yes indeed said polly cherrily just as fine as can be
	layer_12: yes indeed said polly cherrily just as fine as can be

file: 4323-18416-0006.flac
expected: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_2: a suredly said old mister king with great satasfaction ind polys pleasur and at her successin doying sharlet hout
	layer_4: asuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction and pouly's pleasure and at her succests an dwing sharlet out
	layer_6: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in jawing charlote out
	layer_8: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlote out
	layer_10: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_12: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out

file: 4323-18416-0007.flac
expected: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_2: an afterd this the euleno more quiet days for shar lit choutteton
	layer_4: and after this there would no more quiet days for harlet chateton
	layer_6: and after this there would no more quiet days for charltte chatterton
	layer_8: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_10: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_12: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton

file: 4323-18416-0008.flac
expected: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_2: oh bt me it t you forandy in pleaced to prise
	layer_4: oh but me it you frande inpleased surprise
	layer_6: oh bles me at you phronsie inpleased surprise
	layer_8: oh bless me at you phronsie inpleased surprise
	layer_10: h bless meat you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_12: h bless meit you phronsie in pleased surprise

file: 4323-18416-0009.flac
expected: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_2: yes granmdt pat said frondsy coming an and shoutting that or carfully i came ont purpose to see you all alone
	layer_4: yes granpapat said fronsiy coming an and shutting tha dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_6: yes grand papa said fhronzsiy coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_8: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_10: yes grand'papa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_12: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone

file: 4323-18416-0010.flac
expected: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_2: so you did dear said mister king highly grot ifid inmpuishing away his riding table he held out tos hand
	layer_4: so you did dear said mister king highly grotified imd pushing away his riding table he held out his hand
	layer_6: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his riting table he held out his hand
	layer_8: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_10: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified in pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_12: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified in pushing away his writing table he held out his hand

file: 4323-18416-0011.flac
expected: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_2: woh kno grand pfupoc cried frandsy and aerapsur i could never be do biag for that so she perched up as of ald on his neg than she fold ed her hands nd looked gravely in his face
	layer_4: o no grandpapa cried fronse nda raptser i could never be do big for that so she perched up as of old on his kne then she folded her hands ad looked gravely in his face
	layer_6: oh no grand papa cried phronsy in a rapture i could never be doo big for that so she perched up as of old on his kne then she folded her hands andlooked gravely in his face
	layer_8: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_10: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_12: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face

file: 4323-18416-0012.flac
expected: well my dear what is it
	layer_2: wellt my dear what is it
	layer_4: well my dear what is it
	layer_6: well my dear what is it
	layer_8: well my dear what is it
	layer_10: well my dear what is it
	layer_12: well my dear what is it

file: 4323-18416-0013.flac
expected: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_2: as the old gonaman presently yo'v come to tell me somethin isuppose
	layer_4: as the old genaeman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_6: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_8: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_10: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_12: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose

file: 4323-18416-0014.flac
expected: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed
	layer_2: yes grand papat i have said frandsy decidteidly and it is most important too grat upoc ant oh i do wish its so wmuch and she clast her hans titer and side
	layer_4: yes grand papat i have said fronsy decidedly and it is most important too grad bapat and oh i do wish it so much and she claspedher hands titer and side
	layer_6: yes gran papa i have said phronsiy decidedly and it is most important too grad papo and oh i do wish it so much and she classped her hands tighter in side
	layer_8: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it' so much and she clasped her hands tighter insighe
	layer_10: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed
	layer_12: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed

file: 4323-18416-0015.flac
expected: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_2: well t an frondze if you wanted i supposit must be said mister king quite ase a matte of course
	layer_4: well then fhrondse if you wanted i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_6: well then fhrondsiy if you wantid i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_8: well then phrondsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_10: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_12: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course

file: 4323-18416-0016.flac
expected: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_2: oh she left you oerthink she had frondy i coupae of millioncs or so it is why
	layer_4: oh she left you everything she had rondy i coule wif millions ore so it is why
	layer_6: oh she left your everything she had ronsie a couple witf millions or so it is why
	layer_8: oh she left you everything she had vhronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_10: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_12: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why

file: 4323-18416-0017.flac
expected: charlotte poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_2: sharlet por repeated the old geuntlemen
	layer_4: charvlet poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_6: charlet poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_8: charlote poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_10: charlotte por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_12: charlotte por repeated the old gentleman

file: 4323-18416-0018.flac
expected: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_2: wy kno not exactly her father is an rich but shar leatd i think by dou very well especialy as i intend to keeperher for awhile and then ni shall never let her suffert fronzse never indeet
	layer_4: why know not exactly her father is an rich but sharled i think bay do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffere fronsy never indeed
	layer_6: why kno not exactly her father isn't rich but charlote i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffere pronsy never indeed
	layer_8: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_10: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_12: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed

file: 4323-18416-0019.flac
expected: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_2: gradapa said frondcy wasn't missus chattitan at to sharlet
	layer_4: gradbapa said fhronsiy wasn't missus chattetan aunt to charlet
	layer_6: grandbafa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_8: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_10: grandp'pa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_12: grandp'pa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte

file: 4323-18416-0020.flac
expected: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_2: if missus chatr ton was aunt to shrvit persistod froansy slowly it seemes is if sharmled ougt to have some of the money it realy dos gran papa
	layer_4: if missus chatterton was aunt ti sharlet persisted fronsy slowly it seems as if sharlod ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_6: if missus chatterton was aunt di charltte persisted phronsy slowly it seems as if charlo ought to have some of the money it really does grand papa
	layer_8: if missus chatterton was aunt te charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlote ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_10: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_12: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa

file: 4323-18416-0021.flac
expected: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_2: maybe said the old gedtemon with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cousin unus was sory over a few other things too fronzy
	layer_4: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cousin younas was sorry over a few other things too fronzi
	layer_6: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunus was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_8: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin enics was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_10: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin yeunice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_12: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin unice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie

file: 4323-18416-0022.flac
expected: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_2: what 'nit mayke hervery glad if i dgav shalat some of the money
	layer_4: wat dn it make her very glad if i dave shallet some of the money
	layer_6: wouldn't it make her very glad if i dave shallete some of the money
	layer_8: wouldn't it make her very glad if i dave charlot some of the money
	layer_10: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_12: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money

file: 4323-18416-0023.flac
expected: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_2: for answer mister king setdtredown hastily on the flor und too two oreth re turnes up an down the rom
	layer_4: for answer mister king set ar down hastily on the floor and took two or threeturns up and down the room
	layer_6: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_8: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_10: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_12: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room

file: 4323-18416-0024.flac
expected: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_2: owhi do so wish i might she said thr so much for a little girwlike me
	layer_4: owhy do so wish i might she said ther'e so much for a little girlike me
	layer_6: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_8: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_10: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_12: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me

file: 4323-18416-0025.flac
expected: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_2: it would be so niced to have sharlet have some with me still kno answer
	layer_4: it would be so nized to have sharlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_6: it would be so nice to have sharlt have some with me still no answer
	layer_8: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_10: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_12: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer

file: 4323-18416-0026.flac
expected: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_2: i was rigting a not toi misus fargo said franzy putting up relips forkiss
	layer_4: i was writing a note to missus fargo said franzse putting up herelips for akiss
	layer_6: i was writing a note to missus fargo said vhronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_8: i was writing a note to missus fargo said fhronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_10: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_12: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss

file: 4323-18416-0027.flac
expected: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_2: sure as i couln be franzy said l mister king smiley good by dear
	layer_4: sure as i can be fronsie said old mister king smily good by dear
	layer_6: sure as i can be phronsiye said old mister king smili good bye dear
	layer_8: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good bye dear
	layer_10: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good bye dear
	layer_12: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good bye dear

file: 4323-18416-0028.flac
expected: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_2: therei t ther risis tespoy shall never say that but come in comant
	layer_4: there ther rysisterspoy shall never say that but come incomment
	layer_6: they'r their mysister sboy shall never say that but come in commin
	layer_8: they're ther my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come en
	layer_10: they're ther my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_12: they're there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in

file: 4323-18416-0029.flac
expected: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_2: not to be youngracious the young manthry omself int wich ir
	layer_4: not to be yungracious the young manthrew himself intowich hair
	layer_6: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into itch hair
	layer_8: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into ich air
	layer_10: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into itch air
	layer_12: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into ich air

file: 4323-18416-0030.flac
expected: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_2: oh hang t in gle whi eintyo let me alone
	layer_4: o hang it o'ntle hy intyo let me alone
	layer_6: oh hang it uncle why can' he let me alone
	layer_8: oh hang it uncle why can't she let me alone
	layer_10: oh hang it uncle why can't she let me alone
	layer_12: oh hang it uncle why can't she let me alone

file: 4323-18416-0031.flac
expected: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_2: which is a wonder anterpolieded pickering
	layer_4: which is a wonder interpolited pickering
	layer_6: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_8: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_10: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_12: which is a wonder interpolated pickering

file: 4323-18416-0032.flac
expected: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_2: i know you did on cl said pickering youv done everything nhit's good
	layer_4: i know you did uncle said pickering yo've done everything that's good
	layer_6: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_8: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_10: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_12: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good

file: 4323-18416-0033.flac
expected: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_2: for haven' sak pickerin critd as uncle daring ind friun of the chair an its restlessockobut don't say thoat again
	layer_4: for haven' sake pickering cried his uncle darting in fron of the chair and its restless occupit don't say that again
	layer_6: for heaven' sake pickering cried his uncle darting hin front of the chair ind its restless occupet don't say that again
	layer_8: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupat don't say that again
	layer_10: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_12: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again

file: 4323-18416-0034.flac
expected: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for naught but i hope i've not sunk to that
	layer_2: i'v ben a laizy dag oln my life in a good for not but i hopid not sum tod that
	layer_4: i've been e lazy dog on my life an a good for not but i hope if not some to that
	layer_6: i've been a lazy dog onl my life and a good for not but i hope ofe not somp to that
	layer_8: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i'f not some to that
	layer_10: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i'f not some to that
	layer_12: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i'f not some to that

file: 4323-13259-0000.flac
expected: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_2: the church bels werebringing and peopl on the ovene going by ti servics turned curious inquiring looks utp te the great hause and thenm went on talkin ot the recon avent which had so strangely entered into and made historyt in the city
	layer_4: the church vells were binging and people on the avenu going by to service turned churious inquiring looks up wit the great house and them went on talking of the recon events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_6: the church vells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up wit the great house and then went on talking otf the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_8: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up wit the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_10: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_12: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city

file: 4323-13259-0001.flac
expected: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_2: and althouh his impassion appeald tis morning there was anota sadmess and rebvuke and sterne condemation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with inwared anger
	layer_4: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and sterned kondemation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_6: and all through his impassione appeal this morning there was a noteif sadness and rebuke and stern condemation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_8: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note ofe sadness and rebuke and stern condemation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_10: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_12: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger

file: 4323-13259-0002.flac
expected: raymond had voted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_2: raman had boted to contin you for i another year the siloo
	layer_4: ramon had boated to continue for another year theis aloon
	layer_6: raymon had boated to continue for another year this aloon
	layer_8: raymon had boted to continue for another year this saloon
	layer_10: raymond had boated to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_12: raymond had boated to continue for another year the saloon

file: 4323-13259-0003.flac
expected: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_2: the cristians of ram end stoed condemn by the result
	layer_4: the christians of ramond stead condemned by the result
	layer_6: the christians of raymon stooad condemned by the result
	layer_8: the christians of raymond stod condemned by the result
	layer_10: the christians of raimond stood condemned by the result
	layer_12: the christians of raimond stood condemned by the result

file: 4323-13259-0004.flac
expected: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_2: for that had been the factind ramemand for yearse te saloon ruled
	layer_4: for that had been the fact an ramened for gyearce the saloon ruled
	layer_6: for that had been the fact in raymond for gearse the saloon ruled
	layer_8: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_10: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_12: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled

file: 4323-13259-0005.flac
expected: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_2: residnt marh s that there his usual e rec tandsom firm wrightself confpiatint baring all go his head bout upon his bresst the great tears rolling down his cheeks unleinfull ofd the fact that never before had hy shown outwaredthmotion in a public service
	layer_4: president marshs that there his usual erect handsome birm wright self compedent bearing all gan his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unminedful of the fact that never before head he showne outward emotion in a public service
	layer_6: president marshd that there his usual erect handsome firm right self compodent bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shone outward emotion in a public service
	layer_8: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confedent bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shone outward emotion in a public service
	layer_10: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self compeent bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_12: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self compedent bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service

file: 4323-13259-0006.flac
expected: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_2: what if he had begun to do was jusus wourd have don long ago
	layer_4: what if he had begun to do has jusus woald have done long ago
	layer_6: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_8: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_10: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_12: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago

file: 4323-13259-0007.flac
expected: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_2: when had the first hurch ielded do such abakd his in of tears
	layer_4: when had the first hurch yielde to such a bacpt hism of tears
	layer_6: whene had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_8: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_10: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_12: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears

file: 4323-13259-0008.flac
expected: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_2: what hid become of its regular precice conventional order of service undisterbed by any volgar amotion and un moved by any foolish ecxcitement
	layer_4: what it become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any volgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_6: what it become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_8: what hat become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_10: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_12: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement

file: 4323-13259-0009.flac
expected: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_2: they had been living so long on their surfhasfeelengts that they had almost forgoten the deeper wells of li
	layer_4: they had been living so long on their surfacefeelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_6: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_8: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_10: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_12: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life

file: 4323-13259-0010.flac
expected: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiskey power in raymond that would break its reign forever
	layer_2: the meading was tender et glod with the spirits pesents it was alive was stong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and ramento that would break ets rain for ever
	layer_4: the meeting was tender it gloaed with the spirit's presents it was alive was strong and lasting resolved to begin a war on the whisky power and rayment that would break its rain for ever
	layer_6: the meeting was tender it glowed wit the spirits presents it was alive with strong and lasting resolved to begin a war on the whisky power and raymend that would break its rain for ever
	layer_8: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and raiment that would break its raign for ever
	layer_10: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and raiment that would break its rain forever
	layer_12: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and raiment that would break its rain forever

file: 4323-13259-0011.flac
expected: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_2: since the first sone tey when the first company oblintears had pleched themselves to do has jesus wuld du the diffrent meatings had been caractrysed by distinct impulses ore impressions
	layer_4: since the first sondey when the first company of volunters had pledged themselves to do is jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressioncs
	layer_6: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_8: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_10: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_12: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions

file: 4323-13259-0012.flac
expected: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_2: and alteorhw it ran one general cri for deliverante om the salin in ts oful curse
	layer_4: and altrough it ran one general cry for deliverance rom the saloon in its aful curse
	layer_6: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon in its awful curse
	layer_8: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon ind its awful curse
	layer_10: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon in its awful curse
	layer_12: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon in its awful curse

file: 4323-13259-0013.flac
expected: gray and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what loreen's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_2: grein his wife for be seech by inquires who wanted to now whatlorians friends an acquaintances wer expected to do ind paing neir lsterspets to her
	layer_4: gry in his wife woer beseged by inquirers who wanted to know what larian's friends and acquintances were expected to do in paygng tneir last respects to her
	layer_6: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what laurian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do impaying their last respects to her
	layer_8: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what laureane's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_10: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what laurene's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_12: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what laurene's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her

file: 4323-13259-0014.flac
expected: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_2: gray had gone uph tof virginius and after talking it over with her and maxbal  arangement had beenmade
	layer_4: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxibel th arrangement had been mad
	layer_6: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_8: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_10: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her in maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_12: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her in maxwell the arrangement had been made

file: 4323-13259-0015.flac
expected: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its great sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_2: i am and alwas have been appose sa large public funeral sa gray whoses complete holsome s implicity of caracter was one of its greatest sorces of strength but the cry of the poor creaturs who new lorin is so ernes that i dud not know howdter af fused the desire to see her and pay her for body some last blittle honor what do ou think mister maxbal
	layer_4: i am and always have been oposed ta large public vunerals saidgrey whose complete holesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new lorine is so earnes that i did not know how tor efuse the desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxibll
	layer_6: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew larene is so earnest that i dod not know how to refuse thi desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_8: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creature's who knew loren is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_10: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_12: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell

file: 4323-13259-0016.flac
expected: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_2: i will be gaded by your a jedcgtmen and th matter
	layer_4: i will be gui ded by your jutghement in the matter
	layer_6: i will be guided by your jedgment in the matter
	layer_8: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_10: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_12: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter

file: 4323-13259-0017.flac
expected: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_2: i am sure tat whatever you in miss pace think best will bye wright
	layer_4: i am sure tat whatever you and miss page think best will be wrihte
	layer_6: i am sure tat whatever you and misspage thank best will be right
	layer_8: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_10: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_12: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right

file: 4323-13259-0018.flac
expected: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_2: under the ircumsances i have a great ois tastd for what seem like tisplay it such times but this sems different
	layer_4: under the circumstances i have a great dis taste for what seemd like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_6: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_8: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_10: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_12: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different

file: 4323-13259-0019.flac
expected: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_2: hit hapened that that afternoon i somewhat notad nes fapercores fondit was passing di ram mend on his way to an etatorial convention in he neighboring city
	layer_4: it happened that that afternoon i somewhat noted newspaper corresond it was passing de remend on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city
	layer_6: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing dur raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_8: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing de raymend on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city
	layer_10: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing de raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_12: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing de raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city

file: 4323-13259-0020.flac
expected: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services at the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_2: she was acom mon street dronkerd and yet the service is at thetent where as impressivf as any i ever witnesd and a mesre polid and church over the most distinguishe scotizen
	layer_4: she was a commond street drunkeard and yet the servicees ot the tent where as impressive as any i ever witnessed and a metur poulitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_6: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services ot the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measuroepolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_8: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measure politan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_10: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measure politan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_12: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measure politan church over the most distinguished citizen

file: 4323-13259-0021.flac
expected: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_2: it struck me of course being e stranger in the place with considerable stonishment to her voices like those one naturallexpect to hear only en great curches ore consrts at such i mating is this
	layer_4: its struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meting as this
	layer_6: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meting as this
	layer_8: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meting as this
	layer_10: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_12: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this

file: 4323-13259-0022.flac
expected: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_2: mister maxwel spoke ot the fecthat the dead woman had been fully prepaired to go but he spoken at peculiarly sensitive maner of the effect of the licker bistines s on the lives ip man and momin like this ane
	layer_4: mister max will spoke ot the fect that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoken a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the licker vusiness on the lives af man and women like this one
	layer_6: mister maxwell spoke of the fect that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoken a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquer business on the lives of men and women liked this one
	layer_8: mister maxwelle spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_10: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_12: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the licquor business on the lives of men and women like this one

file: 4323-13259-0023.flac
expected: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_2: ramend of course being arair ad town an the center of the great packing interoes for thes regien is full of salonce
	layer_4: raymend of course being arailroadtown and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_6: raymond of course being a railrod town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_8: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_10: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_12: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons

file: 4323-13259-0024.flac
expected: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_2: then followed what was perhaps the qreer part of the strange service
	layer_4: then followed what was perhaps the cueer part of thi strange service
	layer_6: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_8: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_10: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_12: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service

file: 4323-13259-0025.flac
expected: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_2: it was one of the simplist and at the same time one of the most himpressivesites i ever witnesst
	layer_4: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sihts i ever witnessed
	layer_6: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_8: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_10: was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_12: was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed

file: 4323-13259-0026.flac
expected: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_2: there must havebeen a hundred of these woman and i was told many of them had ben converted at the meting stjust recently
	layer_4: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_6: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_8: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_10: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_12: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently

file: 4323-55228-0000.flac
expected: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_2: the next moment he fell bag in amazement before the impetuous rush of a story eyed flush cheek young wom an who demanded
	layer_4: the next moment he fell back an amazement before the impetuous frush of a starry eyed flush cheekd tyoung woman who demanded
	layer_6: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flush cheekdt h young woman who demanded
	layer_8: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushd cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_10: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_12: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded

file: 4323-55228-0001.flac
expected: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_2: where ise peat mis billy gased the od man
	layer_4: where is he peat miss billye gased the old man
	layer_6: where is he pet miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_8: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_10: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_12: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man

file: 4323-55228-0002.flac
expected: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_2: an han is cheeks too where flushed and heryese story but wit dismay and anger the last because she did not wlike the way peat had said miss billie's name
	layer_4: aunt han his cheeks too were flushed ind her yes starry but with tismay an anger the last because she did not like the way peathad said miss billy's name
	layer_6: aunt handni's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pet had said miss billy's name
	layer_8: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_10: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_12: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name

file: 4323-55228-0003.flac
expected: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_2: it was one matter for hear to object to this thing villy was doin but quiete another for peak to do it of cours its she
	layer_4: it was one matter for her to object to thi thing villy was doing but quite another for peak to do it of course its she
	layer_6: it was one matter for her to object to this thing milly was doing but quite another for peaqk to do it of course it's she
	layer_8: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pique to do it of course it's she
	layer_10: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for piqu to do it of course it's she
	layer_12: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for piue to do it of course it's she

file: 4323-55228-0004.flac
expected: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_2: retorded ant hannatestilly as if you your selft n bring her her with your crasy messagesit this time of knight peat wari sy
	layer_4: retorted au't hannatestily as if you yourselfdien't bring her her with your crazy messages at this time of night pat were see
	layer_6: retorted aunt hanatestaly as if you yourself don't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pet where is he
	layer_8: retorted aunt hanna testily as if you yourself dn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_10: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_12: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he

file: 4323-55228-0005.flac
expected: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_2: ant er pose billy tell mister ber tro mi am hear or wait i'll o ritid itsurpris ont
	layer_4: anterposed billy tell mister bertor my am here or wat i'll go rited it surprise in
	layer_6: interposed billy tell mister bercer i am here or wait i'll go wrighten and surprie it
	layer_8: interposed billy tell mister birchrm i am here or wait i'll go wright in and surprise hit
	layer_10: interposed billy tell mister birchram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_12: interposed billy tell mister birchram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him

file: 4323-55228-0006.flac
expected: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_2: pet ad recovered himself by now but he did notn even glance woradant hanna
	layer_4: pet had recoverd himself by now but he did not eveen glanced oardaunthanna
	layer_6: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hanah
	layer_8: pee had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_10: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_12: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah

file: 4323-55228-0007.flac
expected: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_2: miss billy miss billy yore an angel straikefrom havan you are you are o i'm so glad you came
	layer_4: miss billye miss billy your an angell strihe from haven you are you are o i'm so glad you came
	layer_6: miss billy miss billy ou'r an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_8: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_10: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_12: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came

file: 4323-55228-0008.flac
expected: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_2: it'll be ll righte n ow ollright he'sin the dene miss billy
	layer_4: it'll be all right now all right he sen the den miss billy
	layer_6: it'll be all right now all right he sen the den miss billy
	layer_8: it'll be all right now all right he'sen the den miss billy
	layer_10: it'll be all right now all right he's send the den miss billy
	layer_12: it'll be all right now all right he's sen the den miss billy

file: 4323-55228-0009.flac
expected: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_2: veily turne eagerly but before she could take so much as oncetep towherd the door at the andeo the hal ant hanas indignant voic ugrested er billi stop
	layer_4: villy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one sdep toward the door at the und of the hall aunt hannhis indignant voice arrested her billiy's stop
	layer_6: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy's stop
	layer_8: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_10: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_12: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop

file: 4323-55228-0010.flac
expected: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_2: peat go tellg your master that we ore here and ask if you will receive us pece lips twitched
	layer_4: pet go tell your master that we are here and ask if hoe will receive us pets lips twitched
	layer_6: pet go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us petes lips twitched
	layer_8: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_10: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pet's lips twitched
	layer_12: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched

file: 4323-55228-0011.flac
expected: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_2: but his face was preder naturally grave when hespok
	layer_4: but his face was preger nanturally grave when he spoke
	layer_6: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_8: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_10: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_12: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke

file: 4323-55228-0012.flac
expected: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its knees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_2: a fying ti your brushd by him and fell onit sesed by the cout with a low cry burthruim's eyes flew open
	layer_4: a fying figure brushed by him an fell onit eised by the couch with a low cry birtcram's eyes flew open
	layer_6: a fying figure brushed by him and fell on it seazed by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_8: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its seaze by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_10: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its snees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_12: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its nees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open

file: 4323-55228-0013.flac
expected: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_2: dongling found him thera menut later polishing a silfrteaspon with a frenchd napkin that had been spread over burchermstry
	layer_4: don ling found him their aminute later polishing a silvher ta spoon with a fringh napkin that had been spread over birchram stray
	layer_6: dolling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringh napkin that had been spread over berthramstray
	layer_8: dolyng found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_10: don ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_12: don ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray

file: 4323-55228-0014.flac
expected: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_2: in the hall above thant hanni was crying into will am s gray len andduster that hung on the hall rack ant han as hankeacief was on the flor back it helseide
	layer_4: in the hall abovevaunt hanno was crying anto wiliam's gray lin and duster that hung on the hall rack ant hannhi's handkerchief was on the floor back et hellside
	layer_6: in the hall above aunt hanno was crying into william's gray lin and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchef was on the floor backet helside
	layer_8: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hill side
	layer_10: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor backat hill side
	layer_12: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor backat hill side

file: 4323-55228-0015.flac
expected: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all
	layer_2: then very graduwally it daondover than that there was after all something strange and on exclained  d itall
	layer_4: then very gradually it dauned over them that there was after all something strange and onexclained it it all
	layer_6: then very gradually it doned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it it all
	layer_8: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_10: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in at all
	layer_12: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in at all

file: 4323-55228-0016.flac
expected: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_2: as if to make ure that she was here like this he de hr even closor burtamn was so thankgful thatdi did have one arm that wos usable
	layer_4: as if to make sure that she was here like this he dew her even closer burtam was so thankful that hi did have one arm that was usable
	layer_6: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_8: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_10: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_12: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable

file: 4323-55228-0017.flac
expected: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_2: why o of course stamred billy i couldn't help thinking that may be you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_4: why  of course stamered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_6: why o of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_8: why oof course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_10: why of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_12: why of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me

file: 4323-55228-0018.flac
expected: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_2: demanded burtrim angry and mistifid
	layer_4: demanded bertram angry and mistified
	layer_6: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_8: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_10: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_12: demanded bertram angry and mystified

file: 4323-55228-0019.flac
expected: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_2: as for my not painting again you' din understand pete deary
	layer_4: as for my not painting again you didn't understand peat deary
	layer_6: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pet deary
	layer_8: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deariy
	layer_10: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_12: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie

file: 4323-55228-0020.flac
expected: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm
	layer_2: she uled herself half away from brithims ind circling orm
	layer_4: she puled herself half away from bricerims and circling arm
	layer_6: she pulled herself half away from breigrams an circkling arm
	layer_8: she pulled herself half away from bredram's en circling arm
	layer_10: she pulled herself half away from bretram's encircling arm
	layer_12: she pulled herself half away from bretram's encircling arm

file: 4323-55228-0021.flac
expected: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_2: billy dour a quivering sig
	layer_4: billy deu a quivering sigh
	layer_6: billyedrew a quivering sigh
	layer_8: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_10: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_12: billy drew a quivering sigh

file: 4323-55228-0022.flac
expected: good heavens is kate in this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_2: good haven's s tatin this to burchum's voice wes savage now
	layer_4: good heavens is caton this to berchrum's voice wits savage now
	layer_6: good heavens is katen this too bertram's voice wits savage now
	layer_8: good heavens is katen this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_10: good heavens is katen this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_12: good heavens is katen this too bertram's voice was savage now

file: 4323-55228-0023.flac
expected: well she wrote a letter
	layer_2: well shee roed a letter
	layer_4: well she wrot a letter
	layer_6: well she wrote a letter
	layer_8: well she wrote a letter
	layer_10: well she wrote a letter
	layer_12: well she wrote a letter

file: 4323-55228-0024.flac
expected: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_2: billy lauget galy but she shifted er position and did not meat her loverseys
	layer_4: billy lauged galy but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_6: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_8: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_10: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_12: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes

file: 4323-55228-0025.flac
expected: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_2: and you never dod think foa minute billiy that sou cared for him
	layer_4: and you never did think for minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_6: and you never did think for minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_8: and you never did think for minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_10: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_12: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him

file: 4323-55228-0026.flac
expected: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_2: he had not ben slo o markgets with lowering i hor islegs
	layer_4: he had not been slow to mark thet swith lowering of her eyslads
	layer_6: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_8: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_10: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_12: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids

file: 4323-55228-0027.flac
expected: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwright's
	layer_2: bille was so glad buirtrima turnd the question on hurlovf instead of ourkrigts
	layer_4: billy was so glad birtram a turne the question on hurlove instead of arwrites
	layer_6: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_8: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_10: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_12: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights

file: 4323-55228-0028.flac
expected: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily
	layer_2: after a minute billy stired and side haffily
	layer_4: after a minute billey stirred and side halfily
	layer_6: after a minute billy stirred in sighe halfily
	layer_8: after a minute billy stirred an sighed halfily
	layer_10: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily
	layer_12: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily

file: 4323-55228-0029.flac
expected: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_2: you see i wasn'd ind love with mister arcrit
	layer_4: you see i wasn't ind love with mister or cright
	layer_6: you see i wasn't in love with mister ar cright
	layer_8: you see i wasn't in love with mister arcright
	layer_10: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_12: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright

file: 4323-55228-0030.flac
expected: and and you didn't care specially for for miss winthrop
	layer_2: and and you didn't caret spaciall lyfort frorm miss winte
	layer_4: and and you didn't car it special lee fort for mis winte
	layer_6: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintreb
	layer_8: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintrob
	layer_10: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintrip
	layer_12: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintrip

file: 4323-55228-0031.flac
expected: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_2: viole put a soting er on his lips
	layer_4: billy put a sof finger on his lips
	layer_6: billy put a saft finger on his lips
	layer_8: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_10: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_12: billy put a soft finger on his lips

file: 4323-55228-0032.flac
expected: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented
	layer_2: viurtherb kissed the finger ns ofbsided who he commin it
	layer_4: vertab kissed the finger ands obsided u he comt minute
	layer_6: vertrab kissed the finger and subsided humphe camt minute
	layer_8: vertrab kissed the finger and subsided humph he caotmentete
	layer_10: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided humph he comented
	layer_12: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humph he comented

file: 4323-55228-0033.flac
expected: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_2: while what is that is that cate to dhemanded burtrim grimly
	layer_4: whele what is that is that kate too demanded brtram grimly
	layer_6: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_8: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_10: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_12: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly

file: 4323-55228-0034.flac
expected: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_2: there as anoter silence then suddenly brchrim stird
	layer_4: there was a nother silence then suddenly birhrom stired
	layer_6: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_8: there was another silence then suddenly berthram stirred
	layer_10: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_12: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred

file: 4323-55228-0035.flac
expected: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_2: billy i'm going amarry you to morrow he a nounced decisively
	layer_4: billy i'm going o merry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_6: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_8: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_10: billy i'm going to marry you tomorrow he announced decisively
	layer_12: billy i'm going to marry you tomorrow he announced decisively

file: 4323-55228-0036.flac
expected: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_2: i don't know as i cantrust you hout o my sight till then you'll read something ar hear something or gint a letter from cate after breakfast to mrmorning that wilsec you saving me again and i don't want to be sayd that way
	layer_4: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or git a letter from kate after breakfast to morow morning that will seth you saving me again and i don't want to be sayved that way
	layer_6: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_8: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or heare something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_10: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_12: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way

file: 4323-55228-0037.flac
expected: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_2: i'm going ta mary you to morrow il get he stopd sort with a sudden rownd co' found that li forgot
	layer_4: i'm going to merry you to morrow ill get he stopd shorit with a sudden grown con't found that l i forgot
	layer_6: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'l get he stopped short with a sudden grown comn found that l i forgot
	layer_8: i m going to marry you tomorrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden grown confound that l i forgot
	layer_10: i'm going to marry you tomorrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_12: i'm going to marry you tomorrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot

file: 4323-55228-0038.flac
expected: five days indeed sir
	layer_2: five dasin deed sir
	layer_4: five days indeed sir
	layer_6: five days indeed sir
	layer_8: five days indeed sir
	layer_10: five days indeed sir
	layer_12: five days indeed sir

file: 4323-55228-0039.flac
expected: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_2: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married and five days
	layer_4: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_6: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_8: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_10: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_12: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days

file: 4323-55228-0040.flac
expected: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_2: don't want syou dto geite ready retorted bur trim promtly i saw mare it redy and i had all i wantet of it
	layer_4: don't want you to gite ready retorted bertram promtly i saw mari yat ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_6: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie at ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_8: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie et ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_10: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_12: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it

file: 4323-55228-0041.flac
expected: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_2: if you really must have al those miles of table clos and napkins and doyilies and lact  ruftlings wil do at afterwards not before but
	layer_4: if you really must have al those miles of table closhs and napkins and doyleies and laces roughlings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_6: if you really must have all those miles of table cloths and napkins and doylies and lace rougflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_8: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_10: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_12: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but

file: 4323-55228-0042.flac
expected: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_2: besiedes i nede you to take care of me cut inburham craftlly
	layer_4: besides i need you to take care of me cut imberchram craftily
	layer_6: besides i need you to take care of me cut inbertram craftily
	layer_8: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_10: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_12: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily

file: 4323-55228-0043.flac
expected: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_2: the tender glo on billys face told it sown story and brhamseager eyes were not sloade of riad it
	layer_4: the tenderglow on billy's faced told its own story and birchram's eager eyes were not sload of read it
	layer_6: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_8: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_10: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_12: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it

file: 4323-55228-0044.flac
expected: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_2: swe dart see her dear he cried softly tightening his good beft oarm
	layer_4: sweedeart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_6: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_8: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_10: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_12: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm

file: 4323-55228-0045.flac
expected: billy my dear
	layer_2: belliy my deer
	layer_4: billy my dear
	layer_6: billy my dear
	layer_8: billy my dear
	layer_10: billy my dear
	layer_12: billy my dear

file: 4323-55228-0046.flac
expected: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_2: it was ant handnast plaint idvoice it the dorway a little later
	layer_4: it was aunt hannas plaintive voice at the dorway little later
	layer_6: it was aut hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_8: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_10: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_12: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later

file: 4323-55228-0047.flac
expected: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_2: we must go homeand will hou as here too and onst to see you
	layer_4: we must go home and will you is heare two and wants to see you
	layer_6: we must go home and will youe is heare too and wants to see you
	layer_8: we must go home and will youe is here too and wants to see you
	layer_10: we must go home and will hyou bis here too and wants to see you
	layer_12: we must go home and will you bise here too and wants to see you

file: 4323-55228-0048.flac
expected: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_2: you man it 'l be before abtoer
	layer_4: you man it'l be before octovber
	layer_6: you mea it'll be before oxober
	layer_8: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_10: you mean it will be before october
	layer_12: you mean it will be before october

file: 4323-55228-0049.flac
expected: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_2: ant hana glans from an to the other oncertainly
	layer_4: aunt hand a glanced from one to the other oncertainly
	layer_6: aunt hana glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_8: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_10: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_12: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly

file: 4323-55228-0050.flac
expected: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_2: yes noted billy do merly
	layer_4: yes noded billy demerely
	layer_6: yes noded billy demerely
	layer_8: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_10: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_12: yes nodded billy demurely

file: 4323-55228-0051.flac
expected: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram airily
	layer_2: yesi kno that is a good wile cat in berthrmerely
	layer_4: yes i know that is a good while cut in berchramerily
	layer_6: yes i know that is a good while cut in berthramarily
	layer_8: yes i know that is a good while cut ind bertramarily
	layer_10: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram merily
	layer_12: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram merily

file: 4323-55228-0052.flac
expected: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_2: we wanded it to morow but whe had dawait on accut of the new liconcs fae
	layer_4: we wanted it tomorrow but we had to weiht on accout of the new licenslva
	layer_6: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licens law
	layer_8: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licene law
	layer_10: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_12: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law

file: 1630-102884-0000.flac
expected: in my recent travels in the west i have felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_2: an mig reas en travels in the vest i fellt that out there freedhom as an idear has becomn feeblr and eanefactual
	layer_4: an my reason travells in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idear has become feble and inifactual
	layer_6: an my reason travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and inefectual
	layer_8: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out theire freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_10: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out their freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_12: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out their freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual

file: 1630-102884-0001.flac
expected: the same thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_2: the fane thang is haveing know whith the petple of the rest
	layer_4: the fame thing is havening now with the peple of the west
	layer_6: the fame thingis havening now with the people of the west
	layer_8: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_10: the famed thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_12: the famed thing is happening now with the people of the west

file: 1630-102884-0002.flac
expected: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_2: they aflatterd into blieving that they a fre and they haved the soveren py in the hands
	layer_4: they ar flattered into believing that they aefree and they have the soverign pa in the hands
	layer_6: they areflattered into believing that they arefree and they haved the sovereign pawr in their hands
	layer_8: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign powr in their hands
	layer_10: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_12: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands

file: 1630-102884-0003.flac
expected: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the west
	layer_2: as it has become more and more evdin to me that tharidel o freedhom has grown tenuous in the at mospeaer of the vest
	layer_4: thus it has become more and more evden to me that the ideal offreedom has grown tenuous in the atmospere of the vast
	layer_6: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom hash grown tenuous in the admosphere of the vest
	layer_8: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_10: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_12: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest

file: 1630-102884-0004.flac
expected: the mentality is that of a slave owning community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commercial and political treadmill
	layer_2: the mintality efs that of faslave ownin community but cam mutlated mad turd of men ti to ascommotianal and pilitigal treadmelr
	layer_4: the mintality as that of herslave own ingcommunity but ca mutelated multiturde of men tied to atscommotial and piliticual treadmil
	layer_6: the mentality as that off a slave owning community wite commutilated maltitured of men tied to tscommotial and pelitical treadmill
	layer_8: the mentality as that of he slave owning community wike ommutilated multitude of men tied to its commotioal and political tradmill
	layer_10: the mentality is that of a slave owning community bike a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotioal and political treadmill
	layer_12: the mentality is that of a slave owning community wike a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotial and political treadmill

file: 1630-102884-0005.flac
expected: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_2: he who cas to havs laves must can himself to them he who blts walrlds to greeat exclutin for others an biltlts walls ecross eson ridon he hod dis trus freedhem in others lonseses marel right to it
	layer_4: he who cas to house laves must chane himself to them he who bilts walls to create exclusion for others abillts walls across he son freeden he who distrust freethem inothers losess as morled right to it
	layer_6: he who cars to hovselaves must cain himself to them he who builts walls to create exclusion for others bils walls across this own freedomn he who distrust free dom in others losesas morled right to it
	layer_8: he who cares to have sleaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his on freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moreled right to it
	layer_10: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his morelled right to it
	layer_12: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his morelled right to it

file: 1630-102884-0006.flac
expected: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_2: han theyquied a true loue a fredom
	layer_4: ham they ecquiet a true logh of freedom
	layer_6: havd they acquired ar true love of freedom
	layer_8: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_10: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_12: have they acquired a true love of freedom

file: 1630-102884-0007.flac
expected: the great epic of the soul of our people the mahabharata gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_2: the great apick of ther sall of er people the mrher parliter gifses abon tfl vision of an eveffleowing life ful afthe freedom of inquiry and expareiment
	layer_4: the great apic of the sell of her people the mahepilador givfsis a bouniful vision of an everlowing life full af the freedom of inquiry and expariment
	layer_6: the great epic of the sel of her people the mahar parador gifses a bonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_8: the great epice of the sell of her people the mahar parta giveses a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of ther freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_10: the great epic of the sell of her people the mahaparta gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_12: the great epich of the sell of her people the mahaparta gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment

file: 1630-102884-0008.flac
expected: when the age of the buddha came humanity was stirred in our country to its uttermost depth
	layer_2: then the age of the booder came he maniyty was trd in or country to its attemosteph
	layer_4: than the age of the boudor came humanity was tord in our country to its atirmo sdeph
	layer_6: when the age of the booder came humanity was tared in our country to its atermuls deph
	layer_8: when the age of the bouder came humanity was tourd in our country to its attumau depth
	layer_10: when the age of the buddher came humanity was taured in our country to its atumau depth
	layer_12: when the age of the buddher came humanity was taured in our country to its atumaus depth

file: 1630-102884-0009.flac
expected: it hardened into an age of inert construction
	layer_2: ic hardnd into aneaege if e note construction
	layer_4: i hardened into an age of inote construction
	layer_6: a hardened into an age of inote construction
	layer_8: it hardened into an age of enote construction
	layer_10: it hardened into an age of enote construction
	layer_12: it hardened into an age of a note construction

file: 1630-102884-0010.flac
expected: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_2: the ogainicunity of hr tvheiriant and lasticociety gave whi to convenghional walder withs proed at aurtficial carater by t e nextthrabll of exclution
	layer_4: the ouganicunity of a varit and ellastic society gave way to conventional oder wich prud it aurt ficial caracter by it y nextrable law of exclutsion
	layer_6: the ouganicunity of a varid an elastic society gave way to a conventional oder which prode it aurtificial character by it innextrable law of exclusion
	layer_8: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which prued its artificial character by it inexrable law of exclusion
	layer_10: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which pruved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_12: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which pruved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion

file: 1630-102884-0011.flac
expected: life has its inequalities i admit but they are natural and are in harmony with our vital functions
	layer_2: life ha that  inyqualitis i admet but bear natru and ar and harmly withta vitl funtions
	layer_4: life hath it any qualities i admet but bear natul ande and harmnly with au vitale functions
	layer_6: life hath it any qualities i ad met but bere naturul and are and harmly with hour vital functions
	layer_8: life hath it anyqualities i amet but bare natural and are and harmny with our vital functions
	layer_10: life hath it anyqualities i admit but bar natural ender and harmony with our vital functions
	layer_12: life hath it anyqualities i admit but bar natural ender and harmony with our vital functions

file: 1630-102884-0012.flac
expected: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_2: byst quezing himan beings in the greap off an in lasticcystiam and folsibly helding them fixd we har i nod the lors of live and grod
	layer_4: by squeeazing human beings in the grap off an ini lastic system and falsibly hulding them fexed be have ignoed the lowrs of live and groth
	layer_6: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and falsively hulding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and grot
	layer_8: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and fulsively holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and groawt
	layer_10: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an enelastic system and fulsively holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and groat
	layer_12: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an enelastic system and fulsively holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and groat

file: 1630-102884-0013.flac
expected: we have forced living souls into a permanent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_2: be hare forced living sars into appomnend patsivity madtin them inkep abl of moding sircumnsthence to terle intranceic descigne and of mastring therown destine
	layer_4: we have forced living sarls into aoppoman and passivity madting them in capabl of molding circumsthance to theyroe intrancsic design and of mastering therown destioney
	layer_6: we have forced living saels into a pomenant pacivity making them incapable of moulding circumsthance to their own intrancsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_8: we have forced living caels into a pomenent passsivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intransic design and of mastering their own testiny
	layer_10: we have forced living sarrills into a pomenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testiny
	layer_12: we have forced living carrills into a poemenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testiny

file: 1630-102884-0014.flac
expected: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this persistent misfortune dogging our steps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_2: asd tyu bifaction has becomeso afsolute that be do not ivn realice that thes posistin mistsfortun darging us chepsflre agus cannot be o mr acidend of histry remoobel only by enother aciden from oud side
	layer_4: astupifactione has become so afsolute that we do not even realice that this presistant misfortune dorging as chaps ful agus cannot be o mure accident of history remoabl only by another accident from outside
	layer_6: ostu pyfactione has becomes so absolute that we do not even realise that this pesist an misfortune dogging us chaps for ages cannot be o mure accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_8: our stupiefactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this posistan misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be o mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_10: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistent misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be of mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_12: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistent misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be of mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside

file: 1630-102884-0015.flac
expected: they will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting in freedom's cause
	layer_2: the y vil be incapaber of herding ar jhust fredom in parltics and af figting and freedemscause
	layer_4: theyre wvill be incapabl of heding ar just freedom in parlitics and a fighting and freedom scause
	layer_6: there will be incapable of hulding ar just freedom in parlitics and o fighting an freedom's cause
	layer_8: there will be incapable of holding or just freedom in parlitics and of fighting an freedom's cause
	layer_10: theye will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause
	layer_12: they will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause

file: 1630-102884-0016.flac
expected: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_2: it trepresense the acti aspectiffi noture which haster appcurences of fredom but notets trut mand therefol gifs rice to slavery thougth with hin its pon tryse en outside
	layer_4: it re presense the active aspect of inotiar which hasthe appurance of freedom but notdids truth and therefore give's frice to slavery thougth with hin its pountreis and outside
	layer_6: it trepresents the active aspect of inosia which has the appuarance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery douth with hen ets pountris and outside
	layer_8: ach represents the active aspect of inotia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery doath within ats boundaries and outside
	layer_10: each represents their active aspect of inortia which has their appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery doalt within its boundaries and outside
	layer_12: each represents their active aspect of inortia which has their appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery doalt within its boundaries and outside

file: 1630-73710-0000.flac
expected: it is at the foot of woman that we lay the laurels that without her smile would never have been gained it is her image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides our brain in the august toils of stately councils
	layer_2: it is at the foot of wooman that be layd the lors tat eththout hes mile would never ha ben gaind it is ar image det strins dhelier of the pot that an mades of vaise in the blate of eli quonfaction and guid so dran in the all grse tols ofbtatly concers
	layer_4: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawr oos that bwithout hes mile would never ha been gained it is a imaged that strings deliare of the poit that anmadts a voice in the blace of alequenfaction and guidesof drain in the algus toiles ofstately councels
	layer_6: it is at the foot of woman that be laid the lawrus that without her smile would never have been gained it is o imaged that strings telire of the poiet that aneimadts or voice in the blace of elequent faction and guides of drain in the auguest toiles of tately councels
	layer_8: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawrus that without her smild would never have been gained it is o image that strings the lire of the poet that animates or voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides of brain in the august toils of stately counsels
	layer_10: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawreus that without her smile would never have been gained it is o image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides of brain in the august toils of stately counsels
	layer_12: it is at the foot of woman that be laid the law reus that without her smile would never have been gained it is o image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides of drain in the august toils of stately counsels

file: 1630-73710-0001.flac
expected: is there no hope for them so full of hope
	layer_2: isday no help for themn so full eve helpe
	layer_4: es day no holp for them so ful ove holp
	layer_6: ha tayr no help for them so full of help
	layer_8: a stayr no hepe for them so full of help
	layer_10: a stay no hope for them so full of help
	layer_12: a stay no hope for them so full of help

file: 1630-73710-0002.flac
expected: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vicissitudes to the imagination
	layer_2: it maks the hartake but topictur such rississitts to they imagination
	layer_4: it meks the heartache but to picture such visissitulte to ther imagination
	layer_6: it mekes the heart ache but to picture such vecissit lt to their imagination
	layer_8: it makes the heartache but to picture such viciscityd to their imagination
	layer_10: it makes the heartache but to picture such vecessit to their imagination
	layer_12: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vecessits to their imagination

file: 1630-73710-0003.flac
expected: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death obscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and tainting the healthy atmosphere of our happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_2: the nolge that such changes cinaccor flicks eolverh the mind like the thougt of deat hit scarring allor gav  anhieas but its bad like ing and tanting the hellly adnofer of her happnes wut its venamous expirations
	layer_4: the knowledged that such changes canocu flit's over the mind like the thought of deabth it scoring all o gave anfhies bith its bad like wing and canging the heldte atmnophere of her happness bith its vanemous experations
	layer_6: the knowledged that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death a scuring all or gave fanphies with its batlike wing and changing the heldy atmophere of her hapness with its venomous expirations
	layer_8: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death het scouring all ar gav fanpies with its bat like wing and changing the healdy atmophere of her happness with its venomous expirations
	layer_10: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death escouring all our gave fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmosphere of her happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_12: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death escouring all our gave fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmosphere of her happiness with its venomous expirations

file: 1630-73710-0004.flac
expected: mine own
	layer_2: mine ls
	layer_4: mine els
	layer_6: mine own
	layer_8: mine owns
	layer_10: mind owns
	layer_12: mind owns

file: 1630-73710-0005.flac
expected: what did what could you do
	layer_2: wattet wat cutido
	layer_4: watdead wat cout y dome
	layer_6: wha deat what couldt yeu dom
	layer_8: what did what could yeu dom
	layer_10: what ded what could ye do
	layer_12: what dad what could ye do

file: 1630-73710-0006.flac
expected: i beat about my chamber like a silly bird in a cage
	layer_2: i' bit obot my cham ber liket a ilyd bod in the cage
	layer_4: i bit obot my chambery like a fily bord in the cage
	layer_6: i bet about my chambery like a fily bard in the cage
	layer_8: i bet about my chamber like a fili board in the cage
	layer_10: i bet about my chamber like a filyn board in the cage
	layer_12: i bet about my chamber like a filly board in the cage

file: 1630-73710-0007.flac
expected: do not think of moving to day
	layer_2: do lnot think of mor in to day
	layer_4: do not think of mor ving to day
	layer_6: do not think of movhing to day
	layer_8: do not think of moving to day
	layer_10: do not think of moving to day
	layer_12: do not think of moving to day

file: 1630-73710-0008.flac
expected: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_2: to not keep the messengur n instnt
	layer_4: to not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_6: do not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_8: do not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_10: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_12: do not keep the messenger an instant

file: 1630-73710-0009.flac
expected: he is on my pony
	layer_2: she s on my pome
	layer_4: ches on my poe
	layer_6: ches on my ponly
	layer_8: she is on my pony
	layer_10: she is on my pony
	layer_12: she is on my pony

file: 1630-73710-0010.flac
expected: write only one word to your own henrietta
	layer_2: right on ly one woard to yorromn hen greiter
	layer_4: wright only one word to your rom hangreitil
	layer_6: rigte only one word to youren hendgreatal
	layer_8: write only one word to your rem hengreotle
	layer_10: write only one word to your realm henreatil
	layer_12: write only one word to your realm henreatile

file: 1630-73710-0011.flac
expected: ferdinand to henrietta
	layer_2: fornant to henrete
	layer_4: forlnant to hen retor
	layer_6: furdenant to henriter
	layer_8: fordenate to henritor
	layer_10: fartnat to henriate
	layer_12: fartenant to henrietter

file: 1630-73710-0012.flac
expected: god bless you my henrietta my beloved my matchless henrietta
	layer_2: got less you my hen reater my beloered why masless hen reatr
	layer_4: god less you my hand reater my belovered my matscheless hand reater
	layer_6: god less you my handrater my belovered my macheless handreaater
	layer_8: god bless you my hendreator my belovered my matchless hand riator
	layer_10: god bless you my hanriater my beloved my matchless handriater
	layer_12: god bless you my hanriater my beloved my matchless hanriater

file: 1630-73710-0013.flac
expected: what has that separation not cost me
	layer_2: wot as that haoration ot cos me
	layer_4: whart has that sevoaration ot cas me
	layer_6: what has ed sevoration not caste me
	layer_8: what has te sepration not case me
	layer_10: what has te separation not cased me
	layer_12: what has te separation not cased me

file: 1630-73710-0014.flac
expected: pangs that i could not conceive any human misery could occasion
	layer_2: pang tatd i could not conive any human rihsry cod eccasion
	layer_4: pangs tat i could not conceive ina human risry coud occasion
	layer_6: panks that i could not conceive in human wytsry could occasion
	layer_8: panks that i could not conceive an human mysery could occasion
	layer_10: pangs that i could not conceive any human mysery could occasion
	layer_12: pangs that i could not conceive any human mysery could occasion

file: 1630-73710-0015.flac
expected: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_2: and yet i aught to be greatfl that he was aninjurd last knight
	layer_4: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uningurd last night
	layer_6: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unenjured last night
	layer_8: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unenjured last night
	layer_10: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_12: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unenjured last night

file: 1630-73710-0016.flac
expected: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_2: i dhed not now ohn how foolish i was
	layer_4: i der not know own how foolish i was
	layer_6: i dar not know own how foolish i was
	layer_8: i dared not know own how foolish i was
	layer_10: i dared not know own how foolish i was
	layer_12: i dare not know own how foolish i was

file: 1630-73710-0017.flac
expected: do not be angry with your henrietta but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_2: di not be angreevit ye hend reater bur im nou ves about coneelingo ingaemen frompapea
	layer_4: di not be angry with yoa hen reator but i'm noveurs about conceilingo engagement frompapa
	layer_6: di not be angry with your henriator but i am novous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_8: do not be angry with your henrator but i am norvous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_10: do not be angry with your henriater but i am norvous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_12: do not be angry with your henriater but i am norvous about concealing our engagement from papa

file: 1630-73710-0018.flac
expected: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know ferdinand i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_2: days muts te laves before you can reate pouh and they no fordenent i know your aufisus more tifficult than yourill confess
	layer_4: daysmush e lapes before you can reach bouth and they kno fordinant i know your afficis more difficult than youwil confess
	layer_6: days mucht elaps before you can reach bouth and i now fordnate i know your offices more difficult than you will confess
	layer_8: days must elase before you can reach pouth and i know fortunate i know your offic is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_10: days must elapse before you can reach pauth and i know fortunate i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_12: days must elapse before you can reach pauth and i know fortunate i know your office is more difficult than you will confess

file: 1630-73710-0019.flac
expected: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_2: bout come bactk my own as soon as ye gan and right to me and the posshaffice as heu saettled
	layer_4: bult come back my own as soon as he gan and right to me ant the poschafface as he settled
	layer_6: but come back my own as soon as he again and rit to me at the postchaffise as he settled
	layer_8: but come back my own as soon as he can and write to me at the postsh office as he settled
	layer_10: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the post office as yeu settled
	layer_12: but come back my own as soon as he can and write to me at the post office as you settled

file: 1630-73710-0020.flac
expected: the consciousness that you are so near makes me restless
	layer_2: the consciousnesh thatc our sto nee mikes min restless
	layer_4: the consciousnes that youre so near miks men restless
	layer_6: the consciousness that youre so near mix men restless
	layer_8: the consciousness that youre so near mix me restless
	layer_10: the consciousness that your so near mixed me restless
	layer_12: the consciousness that you'r so near mixed me restless

file: 1630-73710-0021.flac
expected: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_2: iwvished to meet him wut tsth much comenesse afs hican commond
	layer_4: i wish to meet him wuth thas much comness as i can commond
	layer_6: i wish to meet him with has much calmness as i can command
	layer_8: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_10: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_12: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command

file: 1630-141772-0000.flac
expected: on the pratzen heights where he had fallen with the flagstaff in his hand lay prince andrew bolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_2: on the pradsan heidts were he had falin with the flax stavfing his hand laprences antrablgansky bleading frofusly and and consciesly autring aentle pitors and thillike moon
	layer_4: on the pradson hihdts where he had falling with the flacg thalf in his hand layprence an drouble kgonsky beleeding frofusely and unconsciously uttering a gendle piteous and chil like mon
	layer_6: on the pradson hits where he had fallen with the flag stufin his hand laprince and drublegonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and chillike moan
	layer_8: on the pradsan hides where he had fallen with the flag stuff in his hand laprince and drubolgonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_10: on the prats and hides where he had fallen with the flag staff in his hand lay prince and ru bolkonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_12: on the praids and hides where he had fallen with the flag staff in his hand lay prince and ru bolkonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan

file: 1630-141772-0001.flac
expected: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_2: sorrinly he a gine fel that he ous alife and suftering from a boning last ereting been in his head
	layer_4: surengly he again felld that he was alive and suftering from aboning last rating bain in his head
	layer_6: sureinly he again fell that he was alive and suffering from a burning lat rating ban in his head
	layer_8: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacrating bain in his head
	layer_10: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_12: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head

file: 1630-141772-0002.flac
expected: was his first thought
	layer_2: whas his firsed thought
	layer_4: was his first thought
	layer_6: was his first thought
	layer_8: was his first thought
	layer_10: was his first thought
	layer_12: was his first thought

file: 1630-141772-0003.flac
expected: he feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_2: ki febly mored his leg and artered oviu sikly gron whit aroused his own pity
	layer_4: he fably moone his leg and uttered o weque sicgkly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_6: he fably moone his leg and uttered a week sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_8: he fably mooved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groawn which aroused his own pity
	layer_10: he feebly mooned his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_12: he feebly mooned his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity

file: 1630-141772-0004.flac
expected: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_2: lif tes young men up and carry him to the dressinstation
	layer_4: lifthis young men up and cary him to the dressing station
	layer_6: lift this young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_8: lift this young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_10: lift his young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_12: lift his young man up and carry him to the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0005.flac
expected: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted onto the stretcher the jolting while being moved and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_2: pran sand druwrymemberd nothing moore he last conscioush nestrom the terable pen of beeing lifted oun to ths trature the jilding vile being mood and the proding of his woone at the dreasenstation
	layer_4: prinsaund drerymembered nothing more he lost consciousnes from the terible bain of being lifted oun to thistreache the jolding wviled being mood and the probing of his woound at the dressingstation
	layer_6: princeandrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible ban of being lifted ount to the streatchere the jolding while being mood and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_8: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pan of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolding while being mood and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_10: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible ban of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_12: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible ban of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0006.flac
expected: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_2: yoring this transfor he felld e litte's tronger and was abl to look about him and evens peak
	layer_4: yoring this transfor he felld a littles tronger and was able to look about him and even's peak
	layer_6: dyuring this transfer he fellt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_8: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_10: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_12: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak

file: 1630-141772-0007.flac
expected: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_2: he asked on seeing the prhisness
	layer_4: he asked on seeing the prisness
	layer_6: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_8: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_10: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_12: he asked on seeing the prisoners

file: 1630-141772-0008.flac
expected: i commanded a squadron replied repnin
	layer_2: i comaunderis cordron rheplid ranin
	layer_4: i commonded his cordron replied d radnin
	layer_6: i commonded his cordron replied wretning
	layer_8: i commanded his cordrion replied retning
	layer_10: i commanded his cordion replied retdnin
	layer_12: i commanded his cordion replied rednind

file: 1630-141772-0009.flac
expected: prince repnin named lieutenant sukhtelen
	layer_2: prancrepnen named letrnin suftelen
	layer_4: prince repnan named lefternin sutellin
	layer_6: prince repnan named leutenin so teling
	layer_8: prince repnan named lieuteninsotelen
	layer_10: prince repnan named lieutenant s'autelen
	layer_12: prince repnan named lieutenant s'autelen

file: 1630-141772-0010.flac
expected: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_2: after looking at him nipol n smiled
	layer_4: after looking it him napolin smild
	layer_6: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_8: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_10: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_12: after looking at him napoleon smiled

file: 1630-141772-0011.flac
expected: youth is no hindrance to courage muttered sukhtelen in a failing voice
	layer_2: you thes new hantrans to carage materd sutelen in afailing vwoice
	layer_4: you thes no hintrance to curage matert suktelln in a failing voice
	layer_6: you thoes no hintrance to courage matered suctelen in a failing voice
	layer_8: you tes no hintrance to courage muttered suc telen in a failing voice
	layer_10: you theres no hindrance to courage muttered seutelent in a failing voice
	layer_12: you there's no hindrance to courage muttered seutelen in a failing voice

file: 1630-141772-0012.flac
expected: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_2: a splainded reley sad ne polin
	layer_4: a splandid relye said ne polin
	layer_6: a splendid reply saidne polin
	layer_8: a splendid reply said nipolin
	layer_10: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_12: a splendid reply said napoleon

file: 1630-141772-0013.flac
expected: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_2: prrn sandre wheat alste ben brought forweart before the mpurheseyce to complet the show of trisnus couod not fal t attract ive ittention
	layer_4: pronsandrew wo ad allso been brought forward before the emperter'seise to complete the show of prisners could not fail to attracthis attention
	layer_6: princeandrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_8: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_10: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoner's could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_12: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoner's could not fail to attract his attention

file: 1630-141772-0014.flac
expected: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_2: his fath shon with el saut asfaction and lasur
	layer_4: his fath shown with selsatasfaction and pleasure
	layer_6: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleisure
	layer_8: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_10: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_12: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure

file: 1630-141772-0015.flac
expected: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_2: the soljers wereaedcarri fren s andr had notesd andtaken the little gold y con frinces mary had hung wrown her brothers nak but seeing the favere the ampera showed the frisners the r know hasend to returned the holy inage
	layer_4: the soldjiers whed carried frens andrew had notisd and taken the little gold eycon frincess mary had hung roun her brother's neck but seeing the favore the empera showed the prisoners their know hazened to returned the holy image
	layer_6: the soldiers we had carried frience andrew had noticed and taken the little gold ie con princes's mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the empere showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_8: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_10: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoner's there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_12: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoner's there now hastened to return the holy image

file: 1630-141772-0016.flac
expected: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_2: prince an ru did not sea how in by whom itousreplace but the little i con with its tin gold chan sout ingly appeared upon his chest oult side his youn form
	layer_4: prince and drew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little ey con with itssain gold chain suddingly appeared upon his chest outside his unform
	layer_6: prince and drew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little ye con with its sin gold chain sudengly appeared upon his chest outside his unform
	layer_8: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_10: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_12: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform

file: 1630-141772-0017.flac
expected: how good it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_2: how goditeard be to no vhere to see or heal in thislife and wat expecd aftet beyond the gre
	layer_4: how good itad be to no vere to seek fo help in this life and walto expect after it beyond the gream
	layer_6: how god it had be te now were to seek for help in this life and wal to expect after it beyond the gra
	layer_8: how good it houd be tl now where to seek for help in this life and wha to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_10: how good it wud be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_12: how goold it wud be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grav

file: 1630-141772-0018.flac
expected: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_2: ow hap pe an calrme y should be if i good now se lowrd hav mocy on me
	layer_4: ho happy an calm i should be if i good now see lord have mosy on me
	layer_6: how happy and calm i should be if i cood now say lord have mecy on me
	layer_8: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_10: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_12: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me

file: 1630-141772-0019.flac
expected: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sewn into this amulet by mary
	layer_2: i thertweapol indefina bl in com pehandsibl which i no tanly canod e tress but wich a coanno even extress in wards the great all or nothing sac he to himself a to that god who has been son into this amulit by mary
	layer_4: either twapo in definable in come prehandsible which i notunly cannod a tress but which i cannot even express in bads the great all or nothing said he to himself og to that god who has been sol into this amulit by mary
	layer_6: either twip pow indefinable incomplehensible which i notooaely cannod idtress but which i cannot even express in bards the great oll or nothing said he to himself orh to that god who has been so into this amulate by mary
	layer_8: either to apowr indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot enddress but which i cannot even express in bwords the great ol or nothing said he to himself orh to that god who has been sol into this amulete by mary
	layer_10: either to a bowr indefinable incomprehensible which i knowtunly cannot edtress but which i cannot even express in words the great owll or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sol into this amulet by mary
	layer_12: either to a bowe indefinable incomprehensible which i nowtunly cannot edtress but which i cannot even express in words the great oll or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sold into this amulet by mary

file: 1630-141772-0020.flac
expected: the stretchers moved on
	layer_2: this tritors moodon
	layer_4: the straters mod on
	layer_6: the strachers mood on
	layer_8: the stretchers moed on
	layer_10: the stretchers moved on
	layer_12: the stretchers moved on

file: 1630-141772-0021.flac
expected: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_2: the quie t home life and peceful happiness of boled hils proesended it self to him
	layer_4: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presended itself to him
	layer_6: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bol hilts presended itself to him
	layer_8: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him
	layer_10: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him
	layer_12: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him

file: 1630-141772-0022.flac
expected: he is a nervous bilious subject said larrey and will not recover
	layer_2: key i e noves pelioa subjit said lariy and the lnote re cover
	layer_4: ky is the nervous balius subject said lary and whelnout recover
	layer_6: ky is the nervous belius subject said lai and wilnout recover
	layer_8: ky is the nervous belious subject said larri and will not recover
	layer_10: ky is the nervous belius subject said larri and will not recover
	layer_12: ky is the nervous belious subject said larri and will not recover

file: 1630-96099-0000.flac
expected: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_2: thart two sor you rill ovf couse un te take
	layer_4: that to saw you will of corse un to take
	layer_6: that too saw you will of course undertake
	layer_8: that too sor you will of course undertake
	layer_10: that too sor you will of course undertake
	layer_12: that too sor you will of course undertake

file: 1630-96099-0001.flac
expected: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_2: then something hos happene he has somespecial infamation some great neus
	layer_4: then something has happened he has some speciall information some great nuse
	layer_6: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_8: then something has happened he has some special information some great newse
	layer_10: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_12: then something has happened he has some special information some great news

file: 1630-96099-0002.flac
expected: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_2: wen blockit ared it was eveden that something had gonedroung wih him
	layer_4: bhen blorckep eared it was evdent that something had gone rong with him
	layer_6: when block ipeared it was evdent that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_8: when blocke appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_10: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_12: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him

file: 1630-96099-0003.flac
expected: gone now just when we most want him never
	layer_2: gone now jesfend he moset warned him neve
	layer_4: gone now justpvind he most warned him never
	layer_6: gone now jus fined he most warned him never
	layer_8: gone now jes piny most warned him never
	layer_10: gone now jestewindy most warned him never
	layer_12: gone now jestewindy most warned him never

file: 1630-96099-0004.flac
expected: idiot triple idiot
	layer_2: idit trepl eitit
	layer_4: edeat tripl ediat
	layer_6: eadiot triple ediot
	layer_8: ediot triple ediot
	layer_10: ediopt triple ediot
	layer_12: ediopt tripple ediopt

file: 1630-96099-0005.flac
expected: you shall be dismissed discharged from this hour you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_2: you shall be dismiste dis chirdge from the sha you'r a discras to the folrse
	layer_4: you shall be dismised discharge from the sar your a discrease to the force
	layer_6: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sar you'ar a discrase to the force
	layer_8: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sar you are a disgrace to the farce
	layer_10: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sar you are a disgrace to the false
	layer_12: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sar you are a disgrace to the false

file: 1630-96099-0006.flac
expected: it is that or your great gluttony
	layer_2: it is that orl you greatk glut me
	layer_4: it is that ol you great glute me
	layer_6: it is that or you great glodc me
	layer_8: it is that or your great glute me
	layer_10: it is that or you great gludge me
	layer_12: it is that or you great gludge me

file: 1630-96099-0007.flac
expected: my gentleman made himself most pleasant
	layer_2: mytentlem in meade himses nos pleasantd
	layer_4: my centleman mad himseles no stleasant
	layer_6: my gentleman made himselvef no pleasant
	layer_8: my gentleman made himselvf nos pleasant
	layer_10: my gentlemen made himself no pleasant
	layer_12: my gentlemen made himself no pleasant

file: 1630-96099-0008.flac
expected: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_2: belat any rate fuor my seins ixcected
	layer_4: bel it any rate for my sincse i eaccepted
	layer_6: bell at any raite for my since i accepted
	layer_8: bell at any rate for my since i accepted
	layer_10: bell at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_12: bell at any rate for my sins i accepted

file: 1630-96099-0009.flac
expected: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited friends you know it perhaps monsieur
	layer_2: we antered the forst restrond that of the reinito traencs i knowit perhaps missi
	layer_4: we entered the first restauran that of the reinited trencs in knew it perhaps massie
	layer_6: we entered the firdst restauront that of the reunited trense y knew it perhaps mesie
	layer_8: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trentce e knew it perhaps messier
	layer_10: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trants he knew it perhaps mesieur
	layer_12: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trants ye knew it perhaps mensieur

file: 1630-96099-0010.flac
expected: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn
	layer_2: i had no fear off him not to the velry last whand he plad me the h ebol turne
	layer_4: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he plad me thih eble ton
	layer_6: i had no fear of him not tillthe very last when he played me this eble tune
	layer_8: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me thi ebile tune
	layer_10: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evile ton
	layer_12: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evile ton

file: 1630-96099-0011.flac
expected: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was stuffed full monsieur i saw that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and paid with an italian bank note
	layer_2: i suspectrd nothing wman hy brought out his pocket book it was tuftd fur the massye i thauw that and my canrancsing creasd calld for the reckening and pabit than itailin band notd
	layer_4: i suspectd nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tugfed for the messier i thowh that and my contrence increased calle for the reckening and pabrt than i tirliin bankdnote
	layer_6: i suspect ed nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tuged for the messieur i shaw that and my contrence increased call for the wreckoning and pavet than etalin bank nate
	layer_8: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was toughed for the messer i saw that an my consfrence increased called for the reckoning and pae itd an italian bank note
	layer_10: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was toughed for the messier i saw that at my consference increased called for the reckoning and pament an italian bank note
	layer_12: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was toughet for the messier i saw that at my conscierence increased called for the reckoning and payment an italian bank note

file: 1630-96099-0012.flac
expected: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_2: exculls bme one moman pra
	layer_4: exculs be one momenetd pray
	layer_6: exculs me one noment pray
	layer_8: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_10: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_12: excuse me one moment pray

file: 1630-96099-0013.flac
expected: he went out monsieur and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_2: he bent otd masie and pi baf he was no more to be ceen
	layer_4: he bent out meshier and pif baf he was no more to be seen
	layer_6: he went out methier and piff af he was no more to be seen
	layer_8: he wbent out masher and piff paf he was no more to be seen
	layer_10: he went out matthee and piff paf he was no more to be seen
	layer_12: he went out matthe and piff paf he was no more to be seen

file: 1630-96099-0014.flac
expected: why let him out of your sight
	layer_2: why let him out of hi site
	layer_4: why let him out of his site
	layer_6: why let him out of his sighdt
	layer_8: why let him out of his sight
	layer_10: why let him out of his sight
	layer_12: why let him out of his sight

file: 1630-96099-0015.flac
expected: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the italian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_2: ith was anly know at the levben thour that the dilin had become inclpaited and the qurestion of his passible anxie tetor hescupe had never bein considit
	layer_4: it was only know at the leven thou that they dirlin had become inclepated and the qhuestion of his possible anxiedeto us cap had never been considut
	layer_6: it was only now at the levent thou that they diling had become incolpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_8: it was only now at the levent hour that the darling had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_10: it was only now at the eleventh our that the darling had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_12: it was only now at the eleventh our that the darling had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered

file: 1630-96099-0016.flac
expected: he left everything behind
	layer_2: she left evresting behind
	layer_4: he left everything behind
	layer_6: he left everything behind
	layer_8: he left everything behind
	layer_10: he left everything behind
	layer_12: he left everything behind

file: 1630-96099-0017.flac
expected: hand it me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_2: handed to me said the chief and wena game into his hands he began to turn over the liave's horlidly
	layer_4: handid to me said the chief and whenet came into his hands he began to turn over the liafes horriedly
	layer_6: handed to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the livfes hurreiedly
	layer_8: hand itd to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the lifs hurriedly
	layer_10: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the livs hurriedly
	layer_12: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the livs hurriedly

file: 1630-96099-0018.flac
expected: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_2: i do not undes tand not more then a word hereen there
	layer_4: i do not undirstand not more than a word heran there
	layer_6: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_8: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_10: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_12: i do not understand not more than a word here and there

file: 1630-96099-0019.flac
expected: it is no doubt italian
	layer_2: it is no doutetallim
	layer_4: it is no doute tall in
	layer_6: it is no dought y tal in
	layer_8: it is no douwdy talin
	layer_10: it is no doughdytalion
	layer_12: it is no doughd ytalion

file: 1630-96099-0020.flac
expected: of course such a consummate ass as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_2: of coursuch a consymite as as yoeu have frud yurself would not think of sealching to res tran o he immedid neighboerhod or of making enquieries as to vether he had been seen wor as tou wrhichwere he had gone
	layer_4: of coure such a consimite ass as you have prud yourself would not think of seaching the rastront or the immeded neighborhoo or of making inquirees as to vedher he had been seen or as tou wrhich where he had gone
	layer_6: of course such a consimite ass as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restrant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making einquiriese as to wether he had been seen or as to rich where he had gone
	layer_8: of course such a consumite ass as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the resturant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to rich whare he had gone
	layer_10: of course such a consummate as as you have pruved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_12: of course such a consummate as as you have pruved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone

file: 1630-96099-0021.flac
expected: it was a note for a hundred lire a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs hah
	layer_2: it was the not fortha hundred hlierrr a hundred frangs and the rehstron bilos ne more than seventeen frangs har
	layer_4: it was he note for ha hundred liror a hundred frangs and the reshtron billws no more than teventeen frangs ha
	layer_6: it was a note for a hundred lro a hundred francs and the restauron bell was no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_8: it was a note for a hundred lro a hundred francs and the restaran bill ws no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_10: it was a note for a hundred liro a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_12: it was a note for a hundred liro a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs ha

file: 1630-96099-0022.flac
expected: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_2: he was bmuch pressed in a great horry
	layer_4: he was much prestd in a great hurry
	layer_6: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_8: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_10: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_12: he was much pressed in a great hurry

file: 1630-96099-0023.flac
expected: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was stopped the devil
	layer_2: diractlhy he croah the thrisheld he cale the firstcap and wasdriv novy but he was tatd the deaver
	layer_4: directly he crathed the threshelt he callied the first cap and was driving ove but he was taled the deaver
	layer_6: directly he crathed the threshelt he callied the first cap and was driving away but he was tarped the deavur
	layer_8: directly he crased the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was tared the deviu
	layer_10: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was tarped the devil
	layer_12: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was tared the devil

file: 1630-96099-0024.flac
expected: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_2: ciwished to par son to leave her she would not conent then they bot garding to the cap and iedrievena i together
	layer_4: kivishe to passon to leave her she would not conent then they both guording to the cap and werh rieven of it together
	layer_6: ki wish to passon to leave her she would not consent then they both god into the cab and were driven of ith ogether
	layer_8: ke wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven of it together
	layer_10: ki wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven of i together
	layer_12: ke wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven of it together

file: 4572-64670-0000.flac
expected: but this thy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest threatening rama good and great ill thoughts thy journey stimulate
	layer_2: but dis ti hosd so whide dispretd waks in myheart an diout and rad lest triat ening rarmar godand crate iltardsdi jahnis tim at
	layer_4: but dis i host so wide dispread wakes in my heart ane dout and dread lest triadtening rama good and grate ill tarts i jahnies timol ete
	layer_6: but dis i host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one dout and dread lest treadening rama good and greate ill tarts di jarni's timoul at
	layer_8: but dis dy host so wide dispreat wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest treadoning rama good and great ill tarts dijarnys timol ate
	layer_10: but dis dy host so wilde dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest treadoning rama good and great ill tarts dijani's timole ait
	layer_12: but dis dy host so wild dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest treadoning rama good and great ill tarts dijani's timol ait

file: 4572-64670-0001.flac
expected: he is my eldest brother he is like a father dear to me
	layer_2: e is my elest proader he is like ifad ert heear to me
	layer_4: e is my eldest prode he is like a fidhat e ar to me
	layer_6: he is my eldest praudar he is like a farddhat he ear to me
	layer_8: he is my eldest prau der he is like a far tht he r to me
	layer_10: he is my eldest prauder he is like a far dhat he i to me
	layer_12: he is my eldest prauder he is like a far dhat he is to me

file: 4572-64670-0002.flac
expected: i go to lead my brother thence who makes the wood his residence
	layer_2: i coe to led my broad or dans ho makes o ward his grecidens
	layer_4: i co to lead my broad ar dance who makes o ward his recedencs
	layer_6: i co to lead my broad ar dence who makes arward his recidence
	layer_8: i go to lead my broad ardence who makes awoard his residence
	layer_10: i go to lead my broad ardence who makes tawoord his residence
	layer_12: i go to lead my broad ardence who makes tawoord his residence

file: 4572-64670-0003.flac
expected: no thought but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim
	layer_2: no tard but dis i heard should fram the simpldut my lips proklame
	layer_4: no tared but disti hard should frame the simpldrute my leap's brockan
	layer_6: no tart but dis i heart should fram this simple drute my leap's broklam
	layer_8: no tart but tis thy heart should frame this simple trute my lips proclain
	layer_10: no tart but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaime
	layer_12: no tart but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaime

file: 4572-64670-0004.flac
expected: as guha thus and bharat each to other spoke in friendly speech the day god sank with glory dead and night o'er all the sky was spread
	layer_2: as ghoo har dos and vrat eacgh to ades pope in prentlyss pge the day gord sankquit gloy ded and night ovf r all dis kygh was pread
	layer_4: as go her does and voraed eaghe to orders poke in friendlis pige the day gard sanquge glowry dead and night over all thiskigh was prayerd
	layer_6: as go her does and vorrad eage to ardes poke in friendlisspige the day guard's sanquig glory dead and night over all the ski was prayed
	layer_8: as guwha duz and varat each two adderspoke in friendless page the dayguard's sangquige glory dead and night over all the sky was prayered
	layer_10: as guhadus and wore at aghe two adders spoke in friendless page the day guard's sanguige glory dead and night over all the sky was prayered
	layer_12: as guhadus and worat aghe two arders spoke in friendless page the day guard's sanguige glory dead and night over all the sky was prayred

file: 4572-64670-0005.flac
expected: soon as king guha's thoughtful care had quartered all the army there well honoured bharat laid his head beside satrughna on a bed
	layer_2: soon as ging o haus tatful care had quatet all te army dir well hon at wvare od laid his head besid se trina hon a bed
	layer_4: soon as king go hast taugtful care had quatad all the armidar well honurd woreot laivd his head beside ce rogna hona bed
	layer_6: soon as king who has taugtful care had quarte at all the armideare well honored werout laide his head beside sat rugna on a bed
	layer_8: soon as king wo has thoughtful care had quarte at all the armid ear well honoured warrout laid his head besides set rugna on a bed
	layer_10: soon as king gwho has thoughtful care had quart at all the army der well honoured warrott laid his head besides etrugna on a bed
	layer_12: soon as king gwho has thoughtful care had quart at all the armi dere well honoured warrott laid his head besides setrugna on a bed

file: 4572-64670-0006.flac
expected: thus sighing and distressed in misery and bitter grief with fevered heart that mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mourned and found no rest
	layer_2: tho sighng and thistrest and misery and be  a greve wouild fe wuld heart tat morlkedralive thistrectat in his mind the cher stil mond and fount no rest
	layer_4: thes sighing and thistrest and missery anm beatergrave wid fewared heart thad morked relieve thistracted in his mind the chi still mond and found no rest
	layer_6: thus sighing and tdistrest in misery and bet er griave witdh fevoured heart dead marked relievfe dhis stracted in his mind the chef still mond and found no rest
	layer_8: thu sighing and distressed in misery and beat er griave with fevered heart thead mocked relievfe distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_10: thus sighing and distressed in misery and beat a griefe with fevered heart the had mocked reliefe distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_12: thus sighing and distressed in misery and beat a griefe with fevered heart the had mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest

file: 4572-64670-0007.flac
expected: rest duteous minded i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than raghu's son
	layer_2: rest dety us mydit i oll keap my woach while ramyr liese eslee for inthe hole whie wald is non deara to me dand reggoue son
	layer_4: rest dityas myndid i odl keep my watch while ramou liz asleep for in the hole widewalld is none dearr to met thand ragosd son
	layer_6: rest dit yas mindid i oll keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide wald is none dearar to me than rago's son
	layer_8: rest di thias mind it i oll keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragu's son
	layer_10: rest dityas mind it i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than rago's son
	layer_12: rest dityas mind it i will keep my watch while ramau lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than rago's son

file: 4572-64670-0008.flac
expected: harbour no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be thrown great store of merit shall i gain and duteous form no wish in vain
	layer_2: arbano doubd or jgealus fear i speak detu wih ats nccer for front a grees wids he has sho will glowry on my na betro greatsto o marrit shal i gan and dutious form no wish inve
	layer_4: harba no doued or jealous fer i speak de trut irth hard sincer for from the greas whichs he has showne oll glory on my name be trone greatstor of marrig shall i game and dudius form no wish invain
	layer_6: haby no dout or jealous fear i speak the trut with hart sincere for from the grace which he has shown wil glory on my name be trone great stor of marriag shall i gaim and dutus form no wish in vain
	layer_8: harber no doubt or jealous fear i speak de trute with hard sincere for from the grace which he hash shown willt glory on my name betrown great store of marriage shall i gain and dutious form nor wish in vain
	layer_10: harber no doubt or jealous fear i speak de truth with hart sincere fort from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gain and dutious form no wish in vain
	layer_12: harber no doubt or jealous fear i speak de truth with hart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gain and dutious form no wish in vain

file: 4572-64670-0009.flac
expected: let me enforced by many a row of followers armed with shaft and bow for well loved rama's weal provide who lies asleep by sita's side
	layer_2: let me an faused by mayn y aro ar oroos ar bu shaftaand be for welle broamos we or proiede whol lizesleep by see tor side
	layer_4: let me unforsed by maynearo or fooers ar lutd shaft an bew for well o ramasweol proviede who liz asleep by seit er side
	layer_6: let me unforsed by many ro oure folwers arblet shaftan beow for well o rama's wil proviede who liz asleep by seit ar side
	layer_8: let me unforced by many a row are foldowers arbet shaft and beaw for whell of ramar'swhal provid who lies asleep by sitar's side
	layer_10: let me unforced by many a row are followers arbwt shaft and beaw for while te brama's wel provide who lies asleep by caitar's side
	layer_12: let me unforced by many a row are followers arbb wat shaft and beaw for while te brama's wal provide who lies asleep by citar's side

file: 4572-64670-0010.flac
expected: with words like these i spoke designed to move the high souled bharat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his persuasive argument o how can slumber close mine eyes when lowly couched with sita lies the royal rama
	layer_2: wit wats likedes i se poke designd tomoved to highsold virits mynd but he upon his duty bent plied his barsweus of aglement o ho counslom ba glos mydyes whele loly coucedtoitd seet o lies daral rabar
	layer_4: wit walds like these i sppok designed to moved te hygh sold vorat's mynd but he upon his duty band plied his parcuous of argoment oh how coun slumba clos my eyes when loly couc oith seatourlis deryald ramba
	layer_6: wit walts like tese i supoke designed tomove the high sold vorret's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his parsuusive argoment oh how cant slumbar close my eyes whene loly couc to it seetour lies deroyald rama
	layer_8: it walts like these i sppoke designed to move the highsould vorret's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his purtueusive argument oh how can slumber close my eyes when lowly couch to its seatar lies de royal rama
	layer_10: wit walts like these i spoke designed to move the highsould vorrett's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his parsuesive argument oh how can slumber close my eyes when lownly couch to its seatar lies de royal drama
	layer_12: wit walts like these i spoke designed to move the highsoled vorrett's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his partuesive argument oh how can slumber close my eyes when lownly couch to its seatar lies de royal drama

file: 4572-64670-0011.flac
expected: he whom no mighty demon no nor heavenly god can overthrow see guha how he lies alas with sita couched on gathered grass
	layer_2: he home no my to temant now no hav a ly gar and over trao se go her holl he lise alas would seeter coulcghed on gatert craws
	layer_4: he whom no mi te deman kno now have nly gard and overtro se go her how he lies allas would siter colghed on gaded cros
	layer_6: he whom no my de dimon now nor have nly gard gcan overtro sego her how he lies alas with citar culghed on gaded traus
	layer_8: he whom no myghte demon now nor heaveon ly guard can overtrow see guher how he lies alas with citar culched on gathered cross
	layer_10: he whom no mighty demon now nor heavenly guard can overtrow see guher how he lies alas with citar culched on gathered cross
	layer_12: he whom no mighty demon now nor heavenly guard can overtrow see guher how he lies alas with citar culched on gathered cross

file: 4572-64670-0012.flac
expected: now as his son is forced to fly the king ere long will surely die reft of his guardian hand forlorn in widowed grief this land will mourn
	layer_2: now as his son his false to fly the king ellong wi sioly de praft of his gudgan hound forlan in ol do gree this loandoe man
	layer_4: now as his son his false to fly the king elong will seonly die raft of his gadge an haund forlon in odiourte grief this lan wil mawn
	layer_6: now as his son is false to fly the king e'r long will se only die reft of his gudg in hand forelon in udord grief this land will mown
	layer_8: now as his son is falce to fly the king eare long will se only die reft of his gudgian hand forlon in endioured grief this land will morn
	layer_10: now as his son is false to fly the king ere long will see only die reft of his guudgian hand forlon in dyored grief this land will mourn
	layer_12: now as his son is false to fly the king ere long will see only die reft of his gudgian hand forlorn in uwyared grief this land will mourn

file: 4572-64670-0013.flac
expected: but ah for sad kausalya how fare she and mine own mother now how fares the king
	layer_2: but ah wa setcociinya how fer she and mi n ond myded now how fars o king
	layer_4: but ah wor sat cocilnlia how fere she and min ornd madere now how fars the king
	layer_6: but ah for said carchinlia how fire she and mine ownd mader now how fas the king
	layer_8: but arh for said carchellia how fare she and mine own mader now how fa is the king
	layer_10: but ah for sait cochinlia how fear she and mine own marder now how fail is the king
	layer_12: but ah forsait gochinlia how far she and mine owd marder now how fail is the king

file: 4572-64670-0014.flac
expected: with hopes upon satrughna set my mother may survive as yet but the sad queen will die who bore the hero for her grief is sore
	layer_2: itopes upen sedraulgne set my marder misur vi basyet but the sad queeneal die who bor to hera for hr gry is saww
	layer_4: rit hopes upan sete rogneset my mader misar vibesiet but the said queneal die who bore te hero for her gref his saw
	layer_6: r it hopes up an cet rgnaset my mader misar vibesyet but the said qouenul die who bore dehero for her grief is saw
	layer_8: h it hopes upan ceterou  na sette my moter missar vibes yet but the sad coenul die who bore de heror for her grief is sore
	layer_10: it hopes upan cetruc narsette my mother massarr vib as yet but the said coenul die who bore the hero for her grief is sore
	layer_12: it hopes upan cetruc nairsette my mother massarvibe as yet but the sad coenul die who bore the heror for her grief is sore

file: 4572-64670-0015.flac
expected: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_2: to lay to king wit cry and conquerd by his misery die
	layer_4: to lay te king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_6: too lay the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_8: too lay the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_10: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_12: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die

file: 4572-64670-0016.flac
expected: when fate has brought the mournful day which sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are they allowed his funeral rites to pay
	layer_2: when faite has brogd emonful da who uild seaze my fadtu pass away how happy indelives aday alowt his feeneral driks to pay
	layer_4: when faid has broad demonful day who hid seize my fadher pass away how happy in telives ar day allowed his fener al rigs to pay
	layer_6: when fate has brougt de mounful day who hid seis my father pass away how happy in helives are day allowed his feneral ries to pay
	layer_8: when fate has brought te mountful day who had sees my father pass away how happy in ther lives are day allowed his feneral rites to pay
	layer_10: when fate has brought the mournful day who had sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are day allowed his feneral rites to pay
	layer_12: when fate has brought the mournful day who had sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are day allowed his feneral rites to pay

file: 4572-64670-0017.flac
expected: thus bharat stood with many a sigh lamenting and the night went by
	layer_2: thoe's hhoredstoodwit manyussigh l amenting ande nigt t ent by
	layer_4: thoe's woret stoold ic manya sih lamenting and night twent by
	layer_6: does vorit stoold with many a sigh lamenting and  nig twent by
	layer_8: does vorre stool wich many as sigh lamenting and night went by
	layer_10: does vored too dich many a sigh lamenting and nighit went by
	layer_12: does wored stooldich many a sigh lamenting and nighit went by

file: 4572-64670-0018.flac
expected: when guha saw the long armed chief whose eye was like a lotus leaf with lion shoulders strong and fair high mettled prostrate in despair pale bitterly afflicted he reeled as in earthquake reels a tree
	layer_2: when go her sad a long arp chieve as i was like aloados neeve wrt lin shoulders trong and fair high matteltd prostraidin dispair pale betaly aflictet hea reldes an atquake reals a tre
	layer_4: when go her sod along um cieve ose eye was like a lodus lete art lin shoulders trong and fair high mattel prostradt ing despair pale betarly af flicted he reeled das in artquakereals atree
	layer_6: when go her sowt a long arp cheve whose eye was like a lodus leafe what lion shoulders trong and fair high mattled prostrad in despair pale betarly afflict ed hea reld as in artquake rel's e tree
	layer_8: when goher sowd along armcheve whose eye was like a lodous leave whit lion's shoulders strong and fair high mattledt prostrate in despair pale betarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reels e tree
	layer_10: when gohe saud along armchieve whose eye was like a lotous leave whit lion's shoulders strong and fair high mattelled prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reels e tree
	layer_12: when gohe sawd along armchieve whose eye was like a lotous leave whit lion's shoulders strong and fair high mattelled prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reels e tree

file: 4572-64670-0019.flac
expected: kausalya by her woe oppressed the senseless bharat's limbs caressed as a fond cow in love and fear caresses oft her youngling dear then yielding to her woe she said weeping and sore disquieted what torments o my son are these of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_2: cociil lia by how wore or presst the senstlas boritsly ns carest as if fon cow it llovern fear caras as ov ti youngling dear denhe olding to herware she saidt oping and saw disquiteet what tamentso my soun ates off suddemn pain alseefet deses
	layer_4: cocilia by how ware oppressed the senseless borits le ns carasd as i on cow in  love an fear carasas of ty youngling dear duny olding to harwar she said oeping and saw disquit it what tomants o my son ardese off sudden pain ar sweft desease
	layer_6: corgilia by how ware orppressed the senseless verotslins caressed as if ond cow in lovand fear caresses of tr youngling der denyolding to her war she said weping and saw disquie it what tarmants a my son ardese off sudden pain are swift disease
	layer_8: corgalia by how war orp pressed the senseless vorutzlins caressed as if fon cow in love and fear caress es ofd her youngling der deniolding do her war she said weeping and saw disquieit what tomants ow my son ardes aff sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_10: corgalia by how war oppressed the senseless bortz lins caresset as if von caow in love and fear carass esoft her youngling dear deniilding to her wal she said weeping and sor disquietet what torman of my son ardes aff sudden pain ar swift disease
	layer_12: corgalia by how war oppressed the senseless boratz lins caressd as if von caw in love and fear carass as oft her youngling dear deniilding do her walt she said weeping and sor disquieted what tormans of my son ardes aff sudden pain ar swift disease

file: 4572-64670-0020.flac
expected: the lives of us and all the line depend dear child on only thine
	layer_2: de lifes of urs and all de line the padechild arn only die
	layer_4: de lifes of us and all teline the pan dear child arn only dine
	layer_6: te lifes of us and all the line the pan dear child on only dine
	layer_8: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child orn only dine
	layer_10: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child our only dying
	layer_12: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child our only dying

file: 4572-64670-0021.flac
expected: rama and lakshman forced to flee i live by naught but seeing thee for as the king has past away thou art my only help to day
	layer_2: ra my lucman forses to fl i lea by not but seen dee for s e king has passd a rwayn tiol art my arnly holp to tday
	layer_4: ramy e luctihman forse to flee i lea by not but seeing dee for as the king has passed away dill art my only help to day
	layer_6: ramy luxhman forced to flee i lea by not but seeing dee for as the king has passed away del art my only help to day
	layer_8: ramy lucshman force to fleey i leave by nougt but seeing dee for as the king has passed away du art my only help to day
	layer_10: ramay lukshman force to flee i leave by naught but seeing dhee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day
	layer_12: ramay lukshman force to flee i leave by naught but seeing dhee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day

file: 4572-64670-0022.flac
expected: show me the couch whereon he lay tell me the food he ate i pray
	layer_2: show me t cols wereran he lay tel me a fordthe eighte i pray
	layer_4: show me tha cos wherearm he lay tell me tofod he eigt i pray
	layer_6: show me te cows where arm helay tell me thaffod he ate i pray
	layer_8: show me the cowts where arm he lay tell me tha fard he ate i pray
	layer_10: show me the cous where arm he lay tell me the fald he ate i pray
	layer_12: show me the couch where arm he lay tell me the fald he ate i pray

file: 4572-64670-0023.flac
expected: then calm and still absorbed in thought he drank the water lakshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spouse
	layer_2: then carmonts tel af joled intart he drengd a water lucxmend brat and den abedient to his vows he fasded with his entle spows
	layer_4: then calmmons thel apjoved in tart he dranked a water luxtman broaght and ten obedient to his vows he fast ed with his zentle spows
	layer_6: then carmon's theel abjollved in tart he dranked a water luxhman brouaht and ten obedient to his vows he fasted with his zgentle spous
	layer_8: then carmand'steel abgowlved in tart he dranked the water lukshman brought and then obedient to his vowse he fested with his gentle spowes
	layer_10: then carman's theel ebjolved in tart he drank the water luxshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fested with his gentle spows
	layer_12: then carman's heel ebjolved in tart he drank the water lukshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fested with his gentle spows

file: 4572-64670-0024.flac
expected: here stands the tree which lent them shade here is the grass beneath it laid where rama and his consort spent the night together ere they went
	layer_2: he astans ta tree whitd s labedthem shade he as tegrowss ben it it lade where raby and his cansod spnt ded night to geter ad a went
	layer_4: he astandse ha tree woithsland them shade he a is degrowss bhen it it lade where rama and his consodspant denight to gether a de went
	layer_6: he u stands a tree whith slandem shade here is the grous venet it laid where rama and his concot spent tenight together ere de went
	layer_8: heha stands a tree whih slamdam shade here is the graus benet it laid where rama and his consorlts spent tenight together ere they went
	layer_10: here stands the tree withs lamdom shade here is the graus benet it laid where rama and his consorts spent tenight together ere they went
	layer_12: here stands the tree withs lamdom shade here is the graus benet it laid where rama and his consorts spent thenight together ere they went

file: 4572-112383-0000.flac
expected: he ceased
	layer_2: hi seesed
	layer_4: he seized
	layer_6: he seazed
	layer_8: he seized
	layer_10: he seized
	layer_12: he seized

file: 4572-112383-0001.flac
expected: where where is sita
	layer_2: whe whas seate
	layer_4: whe why sito
	layer_6: whe why i cita
	layer_8: why why i cita
	layer_10: why why is ceta
	layer_12: why why yis ceta

file: 4572-112383-0002.flac
expected: scorched by the fiery god of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_2: scogedo vbite firy got of day hig onthis mi to hel i lay
	layer_4: scorged wvy the firy god of day high on this mito hil i lay
	layer_6: sculged wby the fiery god of day high on this migte hill i lay
	layer_8: scuulged by the fiery gad of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_10: scoulced by the fiery gard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_12: scoulced by the fiery gard of day high on this mighty hill i lay

file: 4572-112383-0003.flac
expected: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewed
	layer_2: ch mallnan yeve he braurht me food and fillial care my life frd ne od
	layer_4: each mon an ete he broaught me food and filial care my life ri ned
	layer_6: each mon and eath he brought me food and fileal care my life ren nered
	layer_8: each mon and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renered
	layer_10: each molle and eve he brought me food and filial care my life reneed
	layer_12: each moln and eve he brought me food and filial care my life reneed

file: 4572-112383-0004.flac
expected: swift to the south his course he bent and cleft the yielding element
	layer_2: sweeved to desolt his calls he band and clagfhed ai elding alimend
	layer_4: swieved to thesilt his calls he bent and clefd are yielding aliment
	layer_6: sweved to dessult his calls he bent and cleft dar yielding alement
	layer_8: sweeved to the sault his calls he bent and cleft thi yielding alement
	layer_10: sweeved to the ssalt his calls he bent and cleft the yielding alement
	layer_12: sweeved to the ssault his calls he bent and cleft the yielding alement

file: 4572-112383-0005.flac
expected: the holy spirits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bright legions met o say is sita living yet
	layer_2: the holys paritd s of th ir came row me as i marvldar and cried as der brid legian s mat osay is seati leaving yet
	layer_4: the wholeis perids of the air came rowund me as i marvltai and cried as derbrihd legians mat osay is cseatir leaving yet
	layer_6: the holest perids of the air came round me as i marveldere and cried as their bridt legians met o say is setaure leaving yet
	layer_8: the holest pirrits of the air came round me as i marvelled ere and cried as their bride legians met oh say is satare leaving yet
	layer_10: the holiest pirrits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bride legians met asay is sata leaving yet
	layer_12: the holiest pirrits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bride legians met ahsay is satau leaving yet

file: 4572-112383-0006.flac
expected: thus cried the saints and told the name of him who held the struggling dame
	layer_2: dhoes cried to sains and teld doname arfim who holed the stroggling dam
	layer_4: thoes cried the saints and told de name or fim who hold te struggling dame
	layer_6: thoes cried the saints and told the name of fim who hold the struggling dame
	layer_8: dose cried the saints and told the name of fim who hold the struggling dame
	layer_10: dhose cried the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_12: dhos cried the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame

file: 4572-112383-0007.flac
expected: then from the flood sampati paid due offerings to his brother's shade
	layer_2: ten front hef flut someparty paid do afterings to his broador shad
	layer_4: ten fromt o flood some party pad doe offerings to his broador' shade
	layer_6: ten front to flood some party paid doe offerings to his browders shade
	layer_8: ten fron the flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_10: ten from te flod some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_12: ten from te flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade

file: 4572-112383-0008.flac
expected: seven nights in deadly swoon i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_2: seven knigtes andadlis rm i paursed but's troging lie foretan at lsed
	layer_4: seven nights in deadlyss orn i paursed butstrongling life retarn at losd
	layer_6: seven nights indeaedlysorn i pased but strongling life returned at laset
	layer_8: seven nights in deadly sworn i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_10: seven nights in deadly sworn i pased but struggling life returned at last
	layer_12: seven nights in deadly sworn i pased but struggling life returned at last

file: 4572-112383-0009.flac
expected: around i bent my wondering view but every spot was strange and new
	layer_2: a round i bant my wone during vie butv rys part wa  trang e en kner
	layer_4: a round i bant my onduring vie but iveryspart was strange andne
	layer_6: a round i bant my wondering vel but everyspart was strange and near
	layer_8: around i bent my wandering vel but every sport was strange and near
	layer_10: around i bent my wandering veele but every spot was strange and near
	layer_12: around i bent my wandering veele but every spot was strange and near

file: 4572-112381-0000.flac
expected: on comrades to the cave i cried and all within the portal hied
	layer_2: on combrets tood a cavte i cried and oldin the patl higd
	layer_4: on combrates to the cave i cried and alldin the potal hid
	layer_6: on comrates to the cave i cried and alld in the portl hid
	layer_8: on comrades to the cave i cried and old in the portale hide
	layer_10: on comrades to the cave i cried and old in the portal hide
	layer_12: on comrades to the cave i cried and old in the portal hide

file: 4572-112381-0001.flac
expected: here thou with hospitable care hast fed us with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this thy plentiful supply
	layer_2: he ado wih ospitable cr hast fadowrs whath te no blesst fir preservinges abar to dy wrt tis ti plan ciful supply
	layer_4: he adar with hospitable car hasd faddos wath dhe noblest far preserving us abowed to di wirt this di plantciful supply
	layer_6: he ada with hospitable care hast fadders with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this diplantiful supply
	layer_8: he ada with hospitable care hasto fadrs with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this diplantiful supply
	layer_10: he a dau with hospitable care has fadders with the noblest fair preserving us about to die with this diplantiful supply
	layer_12: he a dau with hospitable care has fadders with the noblest fair preserving us about to die with this diplantiful supply

file: 4572-112381-0002.flac
expected: but how o pious lady say may we thy gracious boon repay
	layer_2: but how il pious lady say may we ti graceus boon repay
	layer_4: but how olr pious lady say may we thyi gracius boon repay
	layer_6: but how will pious lady say may we digraseus boon repay
	layer_8: but how woll pious lady say may we digracius boon repay
	layer_10: but how ol pious lady say may we digracious boon repay
	layer_12: but how o pious lady say may we digraceous boon repay

file: 4572-112381-0003.flac
expected: he ceased the ascetic dame replied well vanars am i satisfied
	layer_2: he seazed to asitec day mereplied realle boders amis sadis fiet
	layer_4: he seazed the esitic day replied relbonars ami satisfi t
	layer_6: he ceazed the esitic dame replied ralbanes emi satisfi ed
	layer_8: he seized the astic dame replied ralbanes am i satisfied
	layer_10: he seized the aestic dame replied realbanes am i satisfied
	layer_12: he seized the aestic dame replied realbanes am i satisfied

file: 4572-112381-0004.flac
expected: a life of holy works i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_2: i life af hoainy walks i leed and frobyou hands no sovis nee
	layer_4: a life of horly wolks i lead and frob your hands nho selvis need
	layer_6: ar life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_8: a life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_10: a life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_12: a life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need

file: 4572-112381-0005.flac
expected: then spake again the vanar chief we came to thee and found relief
	layer_2: dhencepeic again dubon a chieve we came to tee and folund releieve
	layer_4: dencepick again abaner chieve we came to d and fould relieve
	layer_6: tencepick again deban achieve we came to d and fould relieve
	layer_8: den spik again te banachief we came to d and fould relieve
	layer_10: dhen spick again the bana chief we came to d and found relieve
	layer_12: den spick again the banna chiefe we came to d and found relieve

file: 4572-112381-0006.flac
expected: now listen to a new distress and aid us holy votaress
	layer_2: now lisen toe neul destrass an adrs wholy woteres
	layer_4: now listen to  kneu distress and ados wholy roteres
	layer_6: now listen to a new distress and aides holy rodress
	layer_8: now listened to a new distress and aide's holy roderess
	layer_10: now listened to a new distress and ade's holy rodress
	layer_12: now listened to a new distress and ade's holy rodress

file: 4572-112381-0007.flac
expected: our wanderings in this vasty cave exhaust the time sugriva gave
	layer_2: o or renderings in dis vas to cave exhulsd atime sigrey  algave
	layer_4: ou r renderings in disvosty cave exhasd a time segreeva gave
	layer_6: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a times segree a gave
	layer_8: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a time sagreve ar gave
	layer_10: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a time segriva gave
	layer_12: our renderings in disvausty cave exhaust a time segriva gave

file: 4572-112381-0008.flac
expected: once more then lady grant release and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon their errand sped for king sugriva's ire we dread
	layer_2: once ballden lady grandralese and lett i supant skol impese acown upon the eran s ped foulking sagrev as ir we drad
	layer_4: once balden lady grand releas and let i supplian sco im peas agown upon their erants pet falking segreevasir we dread
	layer_6: once barden lady grand relase and let thyrsupplian go in pease agaiwn up on their erand's ped folking segre vasire we dread
	layer_8: once maldand lady grant relese and let thirsupplians go in pease again upon thei errand's ped forking sagreen vazaire we dread
	layer_10: once baldend lady grand release and let thir suppliants go in peace again upon the eirrand's ped folking sagren vasaia we dread
	layer_12: once balder and lady grand release and let their suppliants go in peace again upon the errand's ped falking sagre vazairah we dread

file: 4572-112381-0009.flac
expected: and the great task our sovereign set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_2: and he great toilsk olasol ren set alouws is an accomplesetiard
	layer_4: and ha great tousk aarsa rencet ellos is unaccomplisedyerd
	layer_6: and the great tousk alisarenecet alos is inaccomplished yerd
	layer_8: and the great task a asalrene set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_10: and the great task ausalren set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_12: and the great task ausalrene set alas is unaccomplished yet

file: 4572-112381-0010.flac
expected: and heard his waters roar and rave terrific with each crested wave
	layer_2: and howld his waters hral and rave tur fic wuultoeach craseted way ve
	layer_4: and howled his waters hrall and rave terrific woultt each crased at wave
	layer_6: and holoed his waters thurall and rave terrific wered t each crast at wave
	layer_8: and holoed his waters thrall and rave terrific were to each crest at wave
	layer_10: and holloed his waters t rall and rave terrific were to each crest at wave
	layer_12: and holloed his waters rall and rave terriffic were to each crest at wave

file: 4572-112381-0011.flac
expected: the month is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_2: dhemant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes ramain
	layer_4: temontis lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_6: demant is lost entoil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained
	layer_8: demand is lost en toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained
	layer_10: demand is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remaind
	layer_12: demand is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained

file: 4572-112381-0012.flac
expected: your hearts with strong affection fraught his weal in every labour sought and the true valour of your band was blazoned wide in every land
	layer_2: your holds whitehstrong affection frougt he is whel in ave vrelabu solt and the tre vallor of our band was bleazan dwide enadry land
	layer_4: your hots with strong affrection frout he is weel in everelabu sout and the true velor of your band was bleasant wide in edvery land
	layer_6: your harts with strong affection frauht he is will in every labeurs sought and the true velor of your band was bleasant wide in every land
	layer_8: your harts with strong afflection fraugt he is will in every labour' sorht and the true valor of your band was pleasant wide in every land
	layer_10: your heart's with strong affection fraugt he is will in every labor's solt and the true valor of your band was pleasant wide in every land
	layer_12: your heart's with strong affection fraugt he is will in every labor's sogt and the true valor of your band was pleasant wide in every land

file: 4572-112381-0013.flac
expected: come let us all from food abstain and perish thus since hope is vain
	layer_2: comelet as all from food epstan and parishe does since hope is vain
	layer_4: come let us all from food upstain and parish des since hope is vain
	layer_6: come let us all from food abstain and parish dues since hope is vain
	layer_8: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain
	layer_10: come let us all from food abstain and parish does since hope is vain
	layer_12: come let us all from food abstain and parish does since hope is vain

file: 4572-112381-0014.flac
expected: far better thus to end our lives and leave our wealth our homes and wives leave our dear little ones and all than by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_2: far battar dors to and o alives an leave allrealld ur homes and wives leve o a dea litten ons an oal den by his vaeful hand to fal
	layer_4: far bat er does to and of alives an leave ourl relt are homes and wives lave of a dea litten ons and al den by his vangful hand to fall
	layer_6: far battar does to end o ar lives andleave all relt ar homes and wives lave of a dear little ancs and all demne by his vangeful hand to fall
	layer_8: far batter does to end or lives and leave aull rwelt are homes and wives lave of dear little ancs and all demed by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_10: far batter does to end or lives and leave oul realt our homes and wives lave our dear little onts and all demn by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_12: far better does to end or lives and leave oul relt our homes and wives lave our dear little onts and all demn by his vengeful hand to fall

file: 4572-112381-0015.flac
expected: our forfeit lives will surely pay for idle search and long delay and our fierce king will bid us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_2: of a forfedt lives in shaly pay for idensoach a longd telay and tho a fe rs king will bed es die the favr of his friend to by
	layer_4: of a forpit lifes in sarely pay for idol search and long to lay and thoum afrs king will beater's di the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_6: ouer forfit lifes in arly pay for idele search anlong delay and thau afers king will bea as die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_8: our forfeit lives in shurely pay for idle search an long delay and thou vafir's king will bead as die the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_10: our forfeit lives i surely pay for idle search and long delay and th vaffir's king will beat us die the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_12: our forfeit lives is shurely pay for idle search and long delay and th waffir's king will beat us die the favor of his friend to buy

file: 4572-112381-0016.flac
expected: then tara softly spake to cheer the vanars hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavern dwell
	layer_2: then toror solus pake to cheer the boner's holtd supressed by hear this pare no moe youe dout dispel commin thisample cavleon del
	layer_4: then tara softlysspake to chear the boner's hots oppressed by fear this pan no more your doubts dispell come in this ample cavon dwel
	layer_6: dentaa softly spakue to cher the boner's harts orppressed by fer this par no more your doubt dispell come in this ample cavn dwell
	layer_8: dantala softly spakued to cheer the barne's harts oppressed by fear this pair no more your doubts dispell come in this ample cabon dwell
	layer_10: dentarra softly spaque to cheer the barner's halrts oppressed by fear this pair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabon dwell
	layer_12: dentarla softly spaque to cheer the barner's healts oppressed by fear this pair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabirn dwell

file: 4572-112381-0017.flac
expected: thou fondly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_2: dol fwonly holpestd in discave the vangiance of the fod to brae
	layer_4: thour founly hopest in discave the vagiance of the foled to brave
	layer_6: thou fondly hopest in discave the vangeiancs of the fo to brave
	layer_8: thou fondly hopest in discave the vengeance of the fol to brave
	layer_10: thou fondly holpest in discave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_12: thou fondly halpest in discave the vengeance of the foe to brave

file: 4572-112381-0018.flac
expected: but lakshman's arm a shower will send of deadly shafts those walls to rend
	layer_2: but lucments am as shir  ol wilh send offthadlhe shadstols walds to rend
	layer_4: but luxtments arm i shar a wilth send of dadly shaft stills walls to rand
	layer_6: but luxhmen's arm i shall are will send of dadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_8: but luxhman's arm i shalla will send of deadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_10: but luxhman's arm is schallau will send off deadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_12: but luxhman's arm is shahlau will send off deadly shaft stills walls to rend

file: 4572-112381-0019.flac
expected: thy loving kinsman true and wise looks on thee still with favouring eyes
	layer_2: thy loving cinsman true run wis nokes ometeyus tail it fabouring ys
	layer_4: ty lovingcenstman true un weis noks ontise til ith faburing eyes
	layer_6: thy lov in kensmen true run wise no xon thes tall wit favbouring eyes
	layer_8: thy loveing kentsman true runwise no oks on des tal with favoring eyes
	layer_10: thy loving kensman true runwise knoloks on the's tale with favboring eys
	layer_12: thy loving kensman true unwise na looks on thes tale with favouring eyes

file: 4572-112375-0000.flac
expected: he heard the prince's furious tread he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_2: he halld a prices fherioustrad he soul his eyes glow feyursly read
	layer_4: he hald ta princes ferious trect his saul his eyes glow feercly ret
	layer_6: he hauld to princes's furious tractd hes soul his eyes glow fiercely wreced
	layer_8: he hauled the princes''s furious tract hi saw his eyes glow fiercely recked
	layer_10: he hauled the prince's furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely recked
	layer_12: he hauled the prince's furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely recked

file: 4572-112375-0001.flac
expected: swift sprang the monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden seat
	layer_2: serft sprang damoner to his fed ubstarding from his golded seat
	layer_4: serftis prang de monord to his fedt obs tarding from his golded cead
	layer_6: serfthis prang da monurg to his feet abstarding from his golden sead
	layer_8: serfd s prang demonarg to his feet obstarting from his golden seed
	layer_10: serv desprang d'e' monurk to his feet obstarting from his golden seed
	layer_12: serve desprang d'e monerk to his feet obstarting from his golden sead

file: 4572-112375-0002.flac
expected: ungrateful vanar king art thou and faithless to thy plighted vow
	layer_2: an greatfulabon or king o dow and faitless to di pliedtedvow
	layer_4: on gratful bonner king ado and fatless to di plied advow
	layer_6: ongrateful bonner king adau and faiteless to die plied advow
	layer_8: ongrateful bonner king ar dou and fateless to diplied advow
	layer_10: ungrateful bonner king are dou and faiteless to die plidad vow
	layer_12: ungrateful boner king are dou and faithless to die plidad vow

file: 4572-112375-0003.flac
expected: now if thy pride disown what he high thoughted prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and bali meet in yama's hall
	layer_2: thow ifd i priede deszon what he hig talt a prins ays done fote strucke by his arrows shal dou fwall and borly met in yolmo's hol
	layer_4: now if t i pride deson what he hig talt ad prince as don fortee struck by his arrows shal or fall and barly meet in heyoma's hal
	layer_6: now if i pride di son what he i taldtet prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shalt dor fall and baley meat in yama's hall
	layer_8: now if di pride di zon what he italted prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shall taufall and baley mat in yamar's hall
	layer_10: now if dy pride de zoune what he hightaultered prince has done for te struck by his arrows shall tau fall and bali meat in yamar's hall
	layer_12: now if dy pride de zougne what he hightaultured prince has done for te struck by his arrows shall tau fall and barlimeat in yamar's hall

file: 4572-112375-0004.flac
expected: still open to the gloomy god lies the sad path thy brother trod
	layer_2: still pen to dhe glo me god lised a sandpatd i brad a trod
	layer_4: still open to the glomy god liese he sand pat di broad ar trod
	layer_6: still open to the gloamy god lies the santd pat di broada trod
	layer_8: still opun to the gloamy god lies the sand pant dibrada trod
	layer_10: still open to the glooamy god lies the sand pant dibrata trod
	layer_12: still open to the glooamy god lies the sandpant dibradta trod

file: 4572-112375-0005.flac
expected: then to thy plighted word be true nor let thy steps that path pursue
	layer_2: then tod hiapli dthen aldo be tre no let i stepstet pout porsu
	layer_4: then to iplieded walld be true no let ti steps thet bout porsue
	layer_6: then to ti aplied in wald be true nor let thy steps tet bowt pursu
	layer_8: then to tdiapliden word be true nor let thy steps de bouto pursue
	layer_10: then to thiaplided world be true nor let thy steps dempp out  pursue
	layer_12: then to thiaplided world be true nor let thy steps demp out pursue

file: 4572-112375-0006.flac
expected: he ceased and tara starry eyed thus to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so fraught with bitterness not thus reproached my lord should be and least of all o prince by thee
	layer_2: his seased andtoros tary id tos to th an reprins hreplid not to my lod shoulds doattress is pech so frot woarto be tenes not does teproached my lnold shuld ba an list of all opprin s bi dhee
	layer_4: he seesed antarraos tarry eyd toes to the enreprinse replied not to my lord should doua tress espech so frout wr  be ternes not does reproached my lord should be and list of all o prince by dee
	layer_6: he seazed antarrah starry eyed toes to the en re prince replied not to my lord should thou attress ispeach so frout it beaterness not does reproached my lord should be unlist of all o prince by thee
	layer_8: he ceased antara starry eyed does to the enry prince ereplied not to my lord shoulds thou address ispeech so froued wit beaternes not dos reproach my lord should be unlist of all o prince by thee
	layer_10: he ceased and tara stari eyed does to the enry prince ereplied not to my lord shouldst thou address i speach so frout with beatenels not os reproach to my lord should be unlist of all o prince by thee
	layer_12: he ceased and tara stari eyed does to the enry prince he replied not to my lord shouldst thou adtress i speach so fraut with beateness not os reproach to my lord should be unlist of all o prince by thee

file: 4572-112375-0007.flac
expected: from paths of truth he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways
	layer_2: from parts aftru hean navurstras no wentes in ful bid and ways
	layer_4: from parts af tru hin navers trays noll wanders in fall bid and ways
	layer_6: from parts af true he nevers tras nor wonders in fallbidend ways
	layer_8: from parts of true he nevers trays nor wonders in falrl bidden ways
	layer_10: from parts oftrue he never strays nor wonders in fulbidden ways
	layer_12: from parts oftrue he never strays nor wonders in falbidden ways

file: 4572-112375-0008.flac
expected: ne'er will sugriva's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_2: theevol irevau's heart focget by rbmu saved the lasting dept
	layer_4: thervoll segrevos heart focket by raar saved the lasting deped
	layer_6: ther vol sicrevo's heart foket by ramar saved the lasting deppt
	layer_8: ther vols igriva's heart forget by rama saved the lasting dabt
	layer_10: their vowls sigrevo's heart forget by rammars saved the lasting debt
	layer_12: their vowl zigrivos heart forget by rammars saved the lasting debt

file: 4572-112375-0009.flac
expected: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire o'er the vanar race from ceaseless dread and toil set free restored to ruma and to me by grief and care and exile tried new to the bliss so long denied like visvamitra once alas he marks not how the seasons pass
	layer_2: ristupe to fa by romous gras to apire over he boner ras from einsles dtread and toil sat free ristalt to rumar and to me by gree  end care and excile trid nhel tot a bis so log did nit like vhe shu mit oa ons alowes he marksd ot how tha seinsns pawus
	layer_4: restop to fame by rama's grace to empire over the bane ras from sincslhis dread and toils sat free restolt to roumar and to me by gree and care and exiled tried knel to the blis so long de night like vishomit ro ons allows he marks not how the sensan's powes
	layer_6: restoed to fame by rama's gracs to empire over the barne rays from since less dread and toils sat free restoed te rumour and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneel to the bliss so long denight like viciamitra wance allows he marks not how the sensan's powes
	layer_8: restoted to fame by rama's gras to empire over the barne rays from sinceless dread and toil set free restortd to rumor and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneel to the bliss so long denighed like vichamitra wancs allas hemarks not how the scanson's powers
	layer_10: restored to fame by rama's gracs to empire over the barne rays from sanceless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denighed like vichamitra once allos he marks not how the sceanson's powers
	layer_12: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire over the barne rays from scainceless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile trid kneel to the bliss so long denighed like vis chamitra once allows he marks not how the scansan's powers

file: 4572-112375-0010.flac
expected: the matrons of the vanar race see marks of fury in thy face they see thine eyes like blood are red and will not yet be comforted
	layer_2: the mations obta vanarayse symemalks of fery i diee fais they se diene eyes like blod aread and wild ot yet be con faouterd
	layer_4: the matrons om da vaner ras samorgs of fery in dieve fas they see dine eyes like blood are red and wil not yet becom foted
	layer_6: the mattrines of the vana rase sa mogs of fury in die phase they see dine eyes like blood are read and will not yet becomefoted
	layer_8: the mattrons of the vanar rase symargus of fury in die phase they see dyne eyes like blood are red and will not yet becomeforded
	layer_10: the mattrons of the varnar rayse sy maugs of fury in dyve phase they see dyne eyes like blood are red and will not yet become farded
	layer_12: the mattrons of the vanar rayse say maugs of fury in dyve phase they see dyne eyes like blood are red and will not yet become farded

file: 4572-112375-0011.flac
expected: she ceased and lakshman gave assent won by her gentle argument
	layer_2: che seised andlucxman gave a sent on by herd jountdle argament
	layer_4: she seized enluctman gave ascent on by her jountle argument
	layer_6: she seized an luxhman gave ascent one by her countl argament
	layer_8: she seized an lukhman gave a sent wone by her jontl argument
	layer_10: she seized a lucshman gave assent one by her gental argument
	layer_12: she seized a lucshman gave assent one by her gental argument

file: 4572-112375-0012.flac
expected: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_2: so toros peding just and miled his softnin at had reconsil
	layer_4: so toro s peading just and mild heis sotening hart had reconsild
	layer_6: so taro's peding just and mild his sotening heart had reconciled
	layer_8: so taro's peading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_10: so taro's peading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_12: so tauro's peading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled

file: 4572-112375-0013.flac
expected: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_2: the hero side i will not leuve but he the canquest shall achie ue
	layer_4: the hero side i will not leave but he the conquest shall acheve
	layer_6: the hero' side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_8: the hero's sigded i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_10: the hero's sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_12: the hero's sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve

file: 4572-112375-0014.flac
expected: so strong art thou so brave and bold so pure in thought so humble souled that thou deservest well to reign and all a monarch's bliss to gain
	layer_2: sostrong o do so bravevan belld so piar ie tallt so huble sold te dou disovest well to rain and all ley monra spis to gane
	layer_4: so strong ar dow so brave and pelld so pir in talt so humble sold the doug disorvest well to rain and all te monara'splise to gaine
	layer_6: so strong ardo so brave and belld so pre in talt so humble sold that dou deservest well to rain and all thay monerales plisse to gain
	layer_8: so strong are dau so brave and belld so pre in tallt so humbled sold that thou deserves dwell to reign and all te monals blisse to gain
	layer_10: so strong art dau so brave and belld so pure in talt so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all the monalke's bliss to gain
	layer_12: so strong art au so brave and beld so pure in talt so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all the monalke's bliss to gain

file: 4572-112375-0015.flac
expected: lend thou my brother aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_2: than dol by broad a aed an ol he is fose ben it his om well fol
	layer_4: tlantal my broader aid and al he is fosben at his om wele fall
	layer_6: lantale by broder aid and all he is foes benat his arm well fall
	layer_8: lantal my brother aid and al he is foes benat his arm will fall
	layer_10: lantau my brother aid and all h is foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_12: lantau my brother aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall

file: 6599-38590-0000.flac
expected: whatever hand it was that shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_2: whatever hand it was the shot down burben rom after his death was plundered deve stated and ravaged by rudo greedy lisentious and panatical soltir
	layer_4: whatever hand it was the chot down burben rome after his death was plundered devistated and rabvaged by brutl greedy lescentious and phanatical soldier
	layer_6: whatever hand it was the shot down burbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by brutal greedy lucentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_8: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaghed by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical suldier
	layer_10: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_12: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier

file: 6599-38590-0001.flac
expected: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_2: wherefoure for the future ridus nothing at all but appointus the time and place of meting and lwill bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighding shall be yors seeing that en t comes to an incounter there is n end of all rihtding
	layer_4: wherefore for the future right us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and l will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_6: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we ill bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_8: wherefore for the future writ us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_10: wherefore for the future write es nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_12: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing

file: 6599-38590-0002.flac
expected: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_2: sir andswered tdhespanued fprmitme to do my office and say what the imperhas cthargd me to say
	layer_4: sir answered the spanard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor hs charge me to say
	layer_6: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_8: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_10: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_12: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say

file: 6599-38590-0003.flac
expected: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent signed by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_2: may i will not listened o thee said feireancis if thou oni first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an ap point ment of time and place sir i have orders to re yeu the cartell and give it you afterwards
	layer_4: may i will not listene to the said francis if thou dono first give me a patent sign by thy master containing in appointment of time and place sir i have orders to redyou the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_6: may i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_8: may i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_10: may i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_12: may i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards

file: 6599-38590-0004.flac
expected: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_2: furgint tholet being put out began again sir
	layer_4: furgandy thout being put out begam again sir
	layer_6: bergundy thout being put out began again sir
	layer_8: burgundy ithout being put out began again sir
	layer_10: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_12: burgundy without being put out began again sir

file: 6599-38590-0005.flac
expected: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_2: nay said francis i will not suffer him dto speak to me before his given me appointmentotimin lace
	layer_4: nmay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before his given me appointment of timon' lace
	layer_6: may said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he his given me appointment of timeand' place
	layer_8: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he hs given me appointment of timem and place
	layer_10: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_12: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place

file: 6599-38590-0006.flac
expected: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_2: givb it me or return as thouas come
	layer_4: give it me or return as thou ast come
	layer_6: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_8: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_10: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_12: give it me or return as thou hast come

file: 6599-38590-0007.flac
expected: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_2: i am quite willing said beking let him hae it
	layer_4: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_6: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_8: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_10: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_12: i am quite willing said the king let him have it

file: 6599-38590-0008.flac
expected: the peace of cambrai was called the ladies peace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessities and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_2: the piece of cambri was called the ladies pieace in ontoer of the two princesses who had gochated it the moraly different an a vary nyqual worth they both had minds of a rar order and trained to recognize politiclf thecessidts and not to atempt any but possible successets
	layer_4: the pece of cambri was called the ladie's piece in hontor of the two princesses who had gothiated it the morally different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and traimed o recognized political necessidutes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_6: the piece of cambra was called the ladies pieace in honour of the two princesses who had gotiated it theug morally different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognized political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_8: the piece of cambra was called the ladies piece in honor of the two princesses who hadnegotiated it thugh morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_10: the piece of cambray was called the lady's piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it theugh morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_12: the piece of cambray was called the lady's piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes

file: 6599-38590-0009.flac
expected: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_2: all the great polidicallacters seemed hurrying haway from the stage as if the draml werea pproaching its thend
	layer_4: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the droeal were approaching its end
	layer_6: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the dramal were approaching its end
	layer_8: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_10: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_12: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end

file: 6599-38591-0000.flac
expected: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_2: onfifteen sixtito at the battle of drew he was aged and so illd that none expected to see him on horseba
	layer_4: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseba
	layer_6: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged ind so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_8: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_10: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_12: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback

file: 6599-38591-0001.flac
expected: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our king
	layer_2: he fully arm save only s head answered him right well sir tiss us the real medicem that hath cured me for the battl which is toward and up preparing for the honor of guod ind ourcamp
	layer_4: he fully arms save only s head answered him right well sir thisis the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and uppreparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_6: he fully arms save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hathcured me for the battle which is toward and ap preparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_8: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_10: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our camp
	layer_12: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our camp

file: 6599-38591-0002.flac
expected: the ladies peace concluded at cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_2: the ladie's pece concluded ac cambri and sifteeme twetn nine lasted up to fifteemn thirty six insessently troubled  however by foar from pasifeccemptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_4: the ladies peace concluded a cambra and fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_6: the ladies peace concluded a cambrai ind fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms procedings and preparations
	layer_8: the ladies peace concluded a cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_10: the ladyes peace concluded a cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_12: the ladyes peace concluded a cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations

file: 6599-38591-0003.flac
expected: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_2: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_4: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_6: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_8: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_10: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_12: at last he decided upon retreating

file: 6599-38591-0004.flac
expected: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_2: it was garsilaso delovaga the prince of spanished posy the spanished pectarark according to his fello countrmen
	layer_4: it was garcilaso delaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanishd peterarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_6: it was garcilaso delavega the prince of spanish poesy the spanished petararch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_8: it was garcilaso de lavega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_10: it was garcilaso de lavega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_12: it was garcilaco de lavega the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen

file: 6599-38591-0005.flac
expected: montmorency signed a similar one for piedmont
	layer_2: momer ancees sind a similar one for ped mo
	layer_4: momaransis signe a similar one for pead min
	layer_6: momorances signed a similar one for pedmine
	layer_8: momorence signed a similar one for pedmon
	layer_10: momorenci signed a similar one for piedmont
	layer_12: momorenci signed a similar one for piedmont

file: 6599-38591-0006.flac
expected: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_2: they all repared together to the house prepared for their wreception and after dinner the imperor being tired lay down a rest on accouch queen elenor before long went andtappted his door and sent woard to the king thot the emperor was awak
	layer_4: they all repared together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elener before long went antappted his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_6: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went and tappt at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_8: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_10: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_12: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake

file: 6599-38591-0007.flac
expected: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de montmorency soon arrived
	layer_2: francis with the coardinld the laraign and the constible te mle moreantcy son arived
	layer_4: francis with the cardinal dhe larein and the constable hemomoreansy soon arrived
	layer_6: francis with the cardinal delorane and the consotable te mo morency soon arrived
	layer_8: francis with the cardinal de loraine and the constable dememorency soon arrived
	layer_10: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable deme mirency soon arrived
	layer_12: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable demau marrency soon arrived

file: 6599-38591-0008.flac
expected: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_2: ounentering the camber he found the emperoer still lying down and chading with his sistedth queen who was seeted beside him one chair
	layer_4: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lang down and chatting with his sisted he queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_6: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lang down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_8: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still laying down and chatting with his sisteo the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_10: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_12: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair

file: 6599-38591-0009.flac
expected: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_2: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was abliged to sleep it of
	layer_4: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to slep it off
	layer_6: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_8: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_10: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_12: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off

file: 6599-38591-0010.flac
expected: francis did the converse with his own collar
	layer_2: firancesstd the convers with his own color
	layer_4: francestid the converse with his own colar
	layer_6: frances did the converse with his own colar
	layer_8: frances did the converse with his own collar
	layer_10: francis did the converse with his own collar
	layer_12: francis did the converse with his own collar

file: 6599-38591-0011.flac
expected: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_2: only seven of the attendents remained in the impero oschamber and there the two savrens converstd for an hour after which they moved to the hall where ie splended supper awaited them
	layer_4: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverin's conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where e splendid supper awaited them
	layer_6: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savregns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_8: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_10: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_12: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them

file: 6599-38591-0012.flac
expected: the ghentese pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_2: theginties pleated their privlage of not beeng lible to betaxed without their ownd consent
	layer_4: the genties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their ownd consent
	layer_6: the gentes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_8: the gantees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_10: the gantes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_12: the gantes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent

file: 6599-38591-0013.flac
expected: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_2: orders had been sent everywher to receive him as kings o francs a received on their joyous assession
	layer_4: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as king's of france are received on their joyous assession
	layer_6: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous acsession
	layer_8: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_10: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_12: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession

file: 5543-27761-0000.flac
expected: lelechka was a delightful child
	layer_2: wotluch go was a doitful thild
	layer_4: lthelutchgo was a deligtful child
	layer_6: lhe luch go was a delightful child
	layer_8: te lutchgo was a delightful child
	layer_10: lhe lutchgo was a delightful child
	layer_12: le lutchgo was a delightful child

file: 5543-27761-0001.flac
expected: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_2: there was nother such child there naverhad been and their never would by
	layer_4: there was no their such child theyre never had been and theyre never wouldbe
	layer_6: there was no ther such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_8: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_10: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_12: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be

file: 5543-27761-0002.flac
expected: lelechka's mother serafima aleksandrovna was sure of that
	layer_2: lel lech gas mother serfeu m alic senm jrove na was urof that
	layer_4: lel letcga's mother sarfew ma alicsam drovena was sure of that
	layer_6: lelechca's mother serfema alecsamdrovna was sure of that
	layer_8: lalechka's mother sarfhema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_10: laletchka's mother sarfema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_12: laletchka's mother serafema alexandrovna was sure of that

file: 5543-27761-0003.flac
expected: lelechka's eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_2: lolechhis eyes were dark in large her cheeks r rosy her loopd rmade for kises an for lafhter
	layer_4: lelechhis eyes were dark in large her cheeks arosy her looked hermade for kisses an for laughter
	layer_6: lolich his eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her liops her mad for kisses and for laughter
	layer_8: lolic his eyes were dark and large her cheeks ware rosy her lips are mad for kisses and for laughter
	layer_10: loich's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips are made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_12: loich's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips are made for kisses and for laughter

file: 5543-27761-0004.flac
expected: but it was not these charms in lelechka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_2: but it was not these chimes n ell luch get the gave her mother the ken es jroy
	layer_4: but it was not these charms an will letchget the gave her mother the keenes joy
	layer_6: but it was not these charms in well letchko that gave her mother the keenes joy
	layer_8: but it was not these charms and willutchko that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_10: but it was not these charms in walhetchka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_12: but it was not these charms in walhetchka that gave her mother the keenest joy

file: 5543-27761-0005.flac
expected: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_2: she folt cold with her husban
	layer_4: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_6: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_8: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_10: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_12: she felt cold with her husband

file: 5543-27761-0006.flac
expected: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_2: he wisalways fresh and cool with a frided smile and wever he passed coled current seemed tomovehin the air
	layer_4: he was always fresh and cool with a fridgid smile and whever he passed cold current seemd t move in the air
	layer_6: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and whever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_8: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currants seemed to move in the air
	layer_10: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currants seemed to move in the air
	layer_12: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air

file: 5543-27761-0007.flac
expected: it even seemed to serafima aleksandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_2: it even seemee act seraf fe mat ousand drovenow that she was n' luve witheir fe tere asban and this made her happy
	layer_4: it even seemd  at sira phema auen droveno that she wasin love ith her future husban and this made her happy
	layer_6: it even seemed to atsira fema alixondrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_8: it even seemed to atsarafema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_10: it even seemed to aterafema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_12: it even seemed to atzeraffema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy

file: 5543-27761-0008.flac
expected: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_2: the brad was als good looking she was a tall  darkid darkcherd girl some what im ade but veryttactful
	layer_4: the brad was also good looking she was a tall  dark eyd dark haird girl somewhat t imid but very chatful
	layer_6: the bread was also good looking she was a tall  dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tractful
	layer_8: the bread was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_10: the bread was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tractful
	layer_12: the bread was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tractful

file: 5543-27761-0009.flac
expected: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_2: he had connections iand his wife came of good imvlllunsial people
	layer_4: he had connections and his wife came of good imvalential people
	layer_6: he had connections and his wife came of good invelential people
	layer_8: he had connections and his wife came of good infolential people
	layer_10: he had connections and his wife came of good infouential people
	layer_12: he had connecions and his wife came of good influential people

file: 5543-27761-0010.flac
expected: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_2: this might at the proper opeortunity provusel
	layer_4: this might at the proper oportunity provieuseful
	layer_6: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_8: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_10: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_12: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful

file: 5543-27761-0011.flac
expected: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergey modestovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_2: after their marriage there was nothing in the mannr of sargain lofver stovich suggest anything rong to his wlife
	layer_4: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sarganloter stovich tsuggest anything wrong to his life
	layer_6: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sargan lerestovitch tosuggest anything wrongd to his life
	layer_8: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergam lerustovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_10: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of serga larastovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_12: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of serga larastovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife

file: 5543-27761-0012.flac
expected: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergey modestovich established connexions elsewhere of a light and temporary nature
	layer_2: later however when his wife was bout to have a child sargam wothe sto vitc ustalish conections elsewar of te light intemprary nature
	layer_4: later however when his wlife was about to have a child sargamne wo ther stovichas stablish connections elsewher of a light and temporary nature
	layer_6: later however when his wife was about to have a child sargame woththe stovitch established connexions elsewhere of te light and temporary nature
	layer_8: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergam oestovitch established connecions elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_10: later however when his wife was about to have a child serg malastovich established connections elsewhere of a light and temporary nature
	layer_12: later however when his wife was about to have a child serga malastovich established connections elsewhere of a light and temporary nature

file: 5543-27761-0013.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna found this out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infant with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_2: serpfhemant alecand jrovena found the souch and to her own estonishment mas no barticula e her she waiyted her infinet with a restless entiucipation tat swallowed every other feeling
	layer_4: sarpheman alixen drovenau found the souch and to her ownestonishmen as not particularly her she awated her infint with a restless intiicipation tht swalowed every other feeling
	layer_6: sarafhema alexen drovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly her she awaited her infint with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_8: sarafhema alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_10: serafema alexandrovna found the sout and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_12: serafema alexandrovna found the sout and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling

file: 5543-27761-0014.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_2: serpehy a alc sendrove nejrifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_4: sarpima alecand dromd ne drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_6: sarfema elexan drovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_8: serfema alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_10: sarfuma alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_12: sarfima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him

file: 5543-27761-0015.flac
expected: lelechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_2: luch goo then ran away stamping with her plump little ligaver tha carpets and hidherself behind the curtans near her bed
	layer_4: lutch good then ran away stambing with her plump little legs ever the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_6: lutch god then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_8: lutch go then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_10: letchga then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_12: letchga then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed

file: 5543-27761-0016.flac
expected: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelechka and made believe that she did not see her
	layer_2: wer is my bay be girl the mother aske ais she loked frill eluch cu'n may believe that she dod not see her
	layer_4: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked frille lutchgan may believe that she did not see her
	layer_6: where is my baby girl the mother asked is she looked frill aluchan may believe that she did not see her
	layer_8: where is my baby girl the mother asked if she looked frill alachka d may believe that she did not see her
	layer_10: where is my baby girl the mother asked if she looked for il alechka a d may believe that she did not see her
	layer_12: where is my baby girl the mother asked if she looked for ill alechka and may believe that she did not see her

file: 5543-27761-0017.flac
expected: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lelechka
	layer_2: then she came ot a little farther and her mother as ough she had on lejioust caught sighte of her seized her by her little showldrs ind exclaime joyously her she is mih la letchkap
	layer_4: then she came ot a little farther and her mother as though she had onlyjiust caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders an exclaimed joyously here she is my la letchka
	layer_6: then she came ot a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechka
	layer_8: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalachka
	layer_10: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechka
	layer_12: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalachka

file: 5543-27761-0018.flac
expected: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_2: her mothers eyes glowd withpassionitimotion
	layer_4: her mother's eyes glowaed with passionan emotion
	layer_6: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_8: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_10: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_12: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion

file: 5543-27761-0019.flac
expected: her mother went to hide
	layer_2: her mother wont tohide
	layer_4: her mother wont to hide
	layer_6: her mother went to hide
	layer_8: her mother went to hide
	layer_10: her mother went to hide
	layer_12: her mother went to hide

file: 5543-27761-0020.flac
expected: lelechka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_2: tut letch ged turned away s theouh nutcha see but whatch d imamuch ce stutfhlly all the time
	layer_4: the lech good turned away ias though not ta se but watchd form amuchcustouthily all the time
	layer_6: leluch gad turned away as though not to see but watched hrm mamochca stouthily all the time
	layer_8: loluchka turned away as though not to see but watched hrerm mammochka steathily all the time
	layer_10: lulutchka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammotchka steathily all the time
	layer_12: lulutchka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time

file: 5543-27761-0021.flac
expected: where's my mamochka asked lelechka
	layer_2: where is man o mch ga ase le lutchka
	layer_4: where is madmamachka askedleletchka
	layer_6: whereis madm ma mochka aske laluchka
	layer_8: where is mamma machka asked lalechka
	layer_10: where is mama mochka asked laletchka
	layer_12: where is mamma mochika asked laletchka

file: 5543-27761-0022.flac
expected: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_2: a smil od absolu bless plaite on her read lips
	layer_4: a smile of absolu bliss plaid on her redlips
	layer_6: a smile of absolue blis played on her red lips
	layer_8: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_10: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_12: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips

file: 5543-27761-0023.flac
expected: lelechka was getting nearer her mother's corner
	layer_2: letch gos getting nyear her mother's cona
	layer_4: th letcgo s getting near her mother's cona
	layer_6: he letchgo as getting near  her mother's cona
	layer_8: the lechgo 's getting near her mother's conna
	layer_10: the letchgoe 's getting near her mother's conne
	layer_12: the lechgoe's getting near her mother's conne

file: 5543-27761-0024.flac
expected: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_2: heor other was gbrwing mor obsorbed every moment by her interest in tagaime her heart bet with shortk quick trukesan she pressed evendclosersto the wall do surranging her hair sdill more
	layer_4: her mother was grwing more obsorbed every moment by her interest in the gaime her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall to sarranging her haier stillmore
	layer_6: her mother was grwing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_8: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_10: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_12: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more

file: 5543-27761-0025.flac
expected: lelechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_2: but lech ca suddenly glance toward her mother's corner ancesgreenmdrwid joy
	layer_4: but letch kas suddenly glanced toward her mother's corneranc screenedrith joy
	layer_6: but lechca suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner an screamed with joy
	layer_8: but luchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_10: but lutchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_12: but lutchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy

file: 5543-27761-0026.flac
expected: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_2: throuh the half clese dors he har the laughter the joycse out rise the sound of romping
	layer_4: through the half clos dooris he heard the laughter the joyce outcrise the sound of romping
	layer_6: through the half closed dooris he heard the laughter the joyouce outcrise the sound of romping
	layer_8: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_10: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcris the sound of romping
	layer_12: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcris the sound of romping

file: 5543-27761-0027.flac
expected: even fedosya felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_2: even fordocihatelto beshd nowver her mistreus nowhfor herself
	layer_4: even fidocia eltobashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_6: even pheidocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_8: even fredocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_10: even ferdosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_12: even ferdosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself

file: 5543-27761-0028.flac
expected: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by serafima aleksandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_2: he liked com ing hare where everything was beautifuly arraged this was done by sarfhe malecx cen jrovena who wishe as surround her little girl from her vary invancy only with the lovelyust things
	layer_4: he liked coming here whereeverything was beautifully arranged this was doned by sarapema alexcan drovena who wishe tos surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_6: he liked coming here wher everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarapema elexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_8: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarafhema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_10: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarafema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_12: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarafema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things

file: 5543-27761-0029.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lelechka with the same end in view
	layer_2: sareti mauxs and drana drest herself tastefully this too she did ferelhae luch go would te same and in viu
	layer_4: sarphy ma alxand dromena ddressed herself tastefully this too she did ferla lutchga woithd the same and in view
	layer_6: saraima alexon drovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did furlaluchka with the same end in view
	layer_8: syrahema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lolutchka with the same end in view
	layer_10: sarafhema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for loletchka with the same end in view
	layer_12: saraphima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lulatchka with the same end in view

file: 5543-27761-0030.flac
expected: one thing sergey modestovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_2: one thing sargam ot astovich had not become rakonsiled to and this wass his wies omust continuous presence in the nursry
	layer_4: one thing sargame mout astovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wifes olmost continuoust presents in the nursery
	layer_6: one thing sergee modostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_8: one thing serge marustovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presents in the nursery
	layer_10: one thing sergey marustovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presencs in the nursery
	layer_12: one thing sergey marostovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presente in the nursery

file: 5543-27761-0031.flac
expected: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisive and condescending smile
	layer_2: it's jrust as i thought i kne that ad find you here he said with a diresivin condese nding smile
	layer_4: it's drest as i thought i knew that ha'd find you here he said with a dureszivin condes anding smile
	layer_6: it's dresed as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisivincondescending smile
	layer_8: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a deresivincondescending smile
	layer_10: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a de resuvingcondescending smile
	layer_12: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a de resuvingcondescending smile

file: 5543-27761-0032.flac
expected: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to serafima aleksandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_2: mearly you see that the thald yould feelts own indovbiduality hexclained in answer isserfheu e out sender of nes puzled flance
	layer_4: merely you see that the charld should feiel its own indibiduality he exclained an answer desarfew ma out cendrovnas puzzled glance
	layer_6: merely you see that the chald should feel its own indibiduality he exclaimed in answer to sarafema out can drovna's puzzled glance
	layer_8: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he exclained in answer to sarafhema out sandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_10: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he exclaimed in answer to serafena out sandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_12: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he exclaimed in answer to serafena out sandrovna's puzzled glance

file: 5543-27761-0033.flac
expected: she's still so little said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: she still so little said serfhe ma ilocend jrova
	layer_4: she still so little said serfhe ma aloxan drova
	layer_6: she' still so little said serfe ma elexandrova
	layer_8: she's still so little said sarfema alexandrova
	layer_10: she's still so little said sarafema alexandrovna
	layer_12: she's still so little said sarafema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0034.flac
expected: i don't insist it's your kingdom there
	layer_2: i don'tin scist a 's yoor king dom heere
	layer_4: i don'tinsist it's your king dtem here
	layer_6: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_8: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_10: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_12: i don't insist it's your kingdom here

file: 5543-27761-0035.flac
expected: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_2: othink et over his wife answerd smiling as he did coldly but gjenealy
	layer_4: al think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_6: i think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_8: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_10: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_12: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially

file: 5543-27761-0036.flac
expected: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_2: then they began ho talk of somefing elese
	layer_4: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_6: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_8: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_10: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_12: then they began to talk of something else

file: 5543-27761-0037.flac
expected: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_2: that the mistre stes it while that's one thing but that the young lady d oes it that's bad
	layer_4: that the mistrss does it while that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_6: that the mistress doesit whill that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_8: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_10: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_12: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad

file: 5543-27761-0038.flac
expected: why asked fedosya with curiosity
	layer_2: why aske fidosiuith cariosity
	layer_4: why as fidosioith cariosity
	layer_6: why asked phidosio ith curiosity
	layer_8: why asked fidosio with curiosity
	layer_10: why ased fidosio with curiosity
	layer_12: why aske fidosio with curiosity

file: 5543-27761-0039.flac
expected: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_2: this expression o curiosite gave her face the look of a woodin roughly pain to doll
	layer_4: this expression of cariosity gave her face the look of a woodden roughly pain to doll
	layer_6: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly paintod doll
	layer_8: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_10: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_12: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll

file: 5543-27761-0040.flac
expected: yes that's bad repeated agathya with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_2: yes that's bad repeaded tagoeo ihan viction terribly bad well
	layer_4: yes that's bad repeated agaia with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_6: yes that's bad repeated agaioawith conviction terribly bad well
	layer_8: yes that's bad repeated dagarhia with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_10: yes that's bad repeated egahia with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_12: yes that's bad repeated degahia with conviction terribly bad well

file: 5543-27761-0041.flac
expected: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agathya went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_2: it's the true find saying were member my word s a gacha went on with the same assureans ande secrecy
	layer_4: it's the truetime siing weremember my words agaaent on with the same asuransand secrecy
	layer_6: it's the truth ime sang remember my words agacya went on with the same assurance an secrecy
	layer_8: it's the truth im sayng remember my words agachya went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_10: it's the truth i'm sying remember my words agacha went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_12: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agachya went on with the same assurance and secrecy

file: 5543-27761-0042.flac
expected: it's the surest sign
	layer_2: it's the siurest sign
	layer_4: its the shurest sign
	layer_6: its the sheurest sign
	layer_8: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_10: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_12: it's the sheerest sign

file: 5543-27761-0043.flac
expected: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_2: theold woman haden vented thes signe quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very prowt of it
	layer_4: the old woman had eenvented thes sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_6: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_8: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_10: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_12: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it

file: 5543-27761-0044.flac
expected: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_2: mada madim she said quintle in a chembling vice
	layer_4: mada madam she said quintly and a thembling voice
	layer_6: madame madame she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_8: madame madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_10: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_12: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice

file: 5543-27761-0045.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna gave a start
	layer_2: serphe ma alic end jravean i gavea start
	layer_4: sirpfe ma alicsand droban i gave a start
	layer_6: serphema elexan drovana gave a start
	layer_8: serphema alexandrovina gave a start
	layer_10: sarpfhema alexandrovna gave a start
	layer_12: sarphema alexandrovna gave a start

file: 5543-27761-0046.flac
expected: fedosya's face made her anxious
	layer_2: the dosois face made her ancxious
	layer_4: vedotus face made her anxious
	layer_6: vedoti's face made her anxious
	layer_8: vadot's face made her anxious
	layer_10: verdosa's face made her anxious
	layer_12: verdosya's face made her anxious

file: 5543-27761-0047.flac
expected: what is it fedosya she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lelechka
	layer_2: what is i fhidosia she ase thi grea oncern as tear rnything wrong wth ll lutch kat
	layer_4: what is it fidocia se askdwi greak andcerm as there anything wrong with o letchkat
	layer_6: what is it pidosia she asked with greak andcerm as there anything wrong with llechca
	layer_8: what is it fidosia she asked with greek condcern as there anything wrong with lletchka
	layer_10: what is it fidosia she asked with gree concern is there anything wrong with lletchka
	layer_12: what is it fidosia she asked with greek concern is there anything wrong with lletchka

file: 5543-27761-0048.flac
expected: no madam said fedosya as she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_2: no madam swaid fidalscias she just ticulated with hier hands to reassur her mistress and he make her sit done
	layer_4: no madam said piducia she justiculated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_6: no madame said fidocia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_8: no madam said fidocia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_10: no madam said fidecia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_12: no madam said fidecia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down

file: 5543-27761-0049.flac
expected: lelechka is asleep may god be with her
	layer_2: the luch ase a sleek make id be with her
	layer_4: the luchgause a sleep make od be with her
	layer_6: the letch caus asleep make id be with her
	layer_8: the letchcas asleep mayke od be with her
	layer_10: the lechkaes asleep maye id be with her
	layer_12: the lechkaes asleep maye id be with her

file: 5543-27761-0050.flac
expected: only i'd like to say something you see lelechka is always hiding herself that's not good
	layer_2: only id like to say somethang you see wetl wutch kause always hihding herself that is not good
	layer_4: only i like to say something you see lil lutch goes always hiding hourself that is not good
	layer_6: only i like to say something you see liletch goes always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_8: only i'd like to say something you see leletchgoes always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_10: only i'd like to say something you see leletchgo is always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_12: only i'd like to say something you see leletchgo is always hiding ourself that is not good

file: 5543-27761-0051.flac
expected: i can't tell you how bad it is said fedosya and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_2: i can'tell you how battit is said fidolsia and her fac expressed the most dociveed confidence
	layer_4: i can't tell you how bat it is said phidosia ind her face express the most decided confidence
	layer_6: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidocia and her face express the most decided confidence
	layer_8: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_10: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidesia and her face expressed te most decided confidence
	layer_12: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidecia and her face expressed the most decided confidence

file: 5543-27761-0052.flac
expected: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_2: in der sand nothing afbhat you ar sang
	layer_4: uundersand nothing abat you are sang
	layer_6: understand nothing of wat you are sayng
	layer_8: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_10: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_12: i understand nothing of what you are saying

file: 5543-27761-0053.flac
expected: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fedosya abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_2: he see mada mits a cind ofd omen explains fidosiebrupply and a shame face itd way
	layer_4: he sea madaw mitds a kind of omen explains phidacea bruptly and a shame faceed way
	layer_6: he see mada mit's a kind of omen explained pidosia bruptly and a shame face idway
	layer_8: you see madam mits a kind of omen explains pidocia abruptly and a shamefaced way
	layer_10: you see madam mits a kind of omen explains fidosia abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_12: you see madam mits a kind of omen explains fidosia abruptly in a shamefaced way

file: 5543-27761-0054.flac
expected: nonsense said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: nonsente said serfe maletand jrvna
	layer_4: nonsense said surfe may alicand govena
	layer_6: nonsense said serfema alexan jovna
	layer_8: nonsense said syrphema alexandrovna
	layer_10: nonsense said saraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: nonsense said saraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0055.flac
expected: who told you all this asked serafima aleksandrovna in an austere low voice
	layer_2: who told you all this aser e ma alican derv nane eno stear lowe voice
	layer_4: who told you all this asserife ma alican drovna nd enouh stear low voice
	layer_6: who told you all this ased serfema alexen drovna and enouh ster low voice
	layer_8: who told you all this asked sarafhema alexandrovna in an ouster low voice
	layer_10: who told you all this asked serafema alexandrovna in a n austiere low voice
	layer_12: who told you all this asked serafema alexandrovna in an austere low voice

file: 5543-27761-0056.flac
expected: knows exclaimed serafima aleksandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_2: nos exclaime serfhy ma aliecsen drove non iritetion as tleugh she wished to protecthorself som howl from the suddenenxiety
	layer_4: nos exclaimed serifhema alecsand drov non irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from the sudden nxiety
	layer_6: nos exclaimed sirif e ma elexcan drovnan irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_8: nows exclaimed sarfhema alexandrovnain irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_10: nos exclaimed sarafema alexandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_12: nos exclaimed sarafema alexandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety

file: 5543-27761-0057.flac
expected: what nonsense as though lelechka could die
	layer_2: hat nonsense as though al muchte could dye
	layer_4: what nonsense as though leluchced could die
	layer_6: what nonsense as though te lugheced could die
	layer_8: what nonsense as though leletchkid could die
	layer_10: what nonsense as though le lechkit could die
	layer_12: what nonsense as though le lechkit could die

file: 5543-27761-0058.flac
expected: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connexion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_2: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection betwen a childs quite ordinar divursion and the continmuation of the child's life
	layer_4: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinarye diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_6: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connecion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_8: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connecion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_10: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_12: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life

file: 5543-27761-0059.flac
expected: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts returned involuntarily to the fact that lelechka loved to hide herself
	layer_2: she made a special effor that evening to olcu by her mind with other matters bhut ar thoughtsd herned amon tariles be fact that will luch col loved tohit oerself
	layer_4: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned and mon tarilies be tact that will letch co love to hid herself
	layer_6: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in montarilides betfact that will letchco love to hide herself
	layer_8: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned inmoluntarilas te fact that will letch go love to hide herself
	layer_10: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned inmoluntarilys the fact that will letch go love to hide herself
	layer_12: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned inmoluntarily s the fact that will lech ko love to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0060.flac
expected: when lelechka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_2: when the luch ko was sto quite smoll and have learnede distinguish wehtween her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting ind her nurs hs arms made a sudden roggish crimiss and t her laughing face in the nurs is shoulder
	layer_4: when the luggot was still quite small an havde learnda distinguish between her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nursehis arms made a sudden rugish grimis and hit her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_6: when the luca was still quite small and had learned a distinguished between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimase and hid her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_8: when lelutchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_10: when luluchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_12: when lulutchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder

file: 5543-27761-0061.flac
expected: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_2: then she would look ot with a slihke ance
	layer_4: then she would lookd out ith a sla glance
	layer_6: then she would look out with a sli glance
	layer_8: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_10: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_12: then she would look out with a sly glance

file: 5543-27761-0062.flac
expected: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not enter wholeheartedly into the spirit of lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_2: thugh she reproceh heself at once for this unfounded seuperstitious tread never theles she could not ender hoe heartedl ingeo the spiared wlil luch cas favourt game and she tritedi ver it lieluch cause attention to something else
	layer_4: though she reproachd herself at once for this unfounded superstitiousdread neverthelesst she could not ender whole heartedly ino the spiried wliel luch gu's favourite game and she trited diverite lialuge cause attention to something else
	layer_6: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious sdread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly int the spirid welecca's favourite game and she tryedto diverit lelece case attention to something else
	layer_8: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender hole heartedly into the spirit liletchka's favourite game and she tried to divert lilechka's attention to something else
	layer_10: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly into the spirit luletchka's favourite game and she tried to divert leletchka's attention to something else
	layer_12: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender hole heartedly into the spirit luletchka's favourite game and she tried to divert leletchka's attention to something else

file: 5543-27761-0063.flac
expected: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_2: she eagerly complid wi thei mothers ne wishes
	layer_4: she eagerly complied wit hir mothers newwishes
	layer_6: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_8: she eagerly complined with ther mother's new wishes
	layer_10: she eagerly complied with heir mother's new wishes
	layer_12: she eagerly complied with heir mother's new wishes

file: 5543-27761-0064.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna tried desperately to amuse lelechka
	layer_2: saerephe mayr alics end jro na trye desperately to imuse lluchca
	layer_4: serfhy ma alic and jom na trid desperately to  amuselegchka
	layer_6: saraphema alexan jomna tried desperately to amused elecka
	layer_8: sarphima alexand jrovna tried desperately to amuse ilechka
	layer_10: sarphima alexand govna tried desperately to amuse liletchka
	layer_12: sarphima alexand govna tried desperately to amuse liletchka

file: 5543-27761-0065.flac
expected: perhaps thought serafima aleksandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_2: perhaps thut sar fe ma alic sin jovena she 'is not ais strongly drahn to the world as other children who hrattracted by many things
	layer_4: perhaps thut sarifma alec san govna she is not astrongly dran to the world as other children who rettracted by many things
	layer_6: perhaps thought sarrafuema alexangovna she is not a strongly drawn to the world as other children who rettracted by many things
	layer_8: perhaps thought sarafhema alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who wer attracted by many things
	layer_10: perhaps thought sarafema alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who were attracted by many things
	layer_12: perhaps thought sarafema alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who were attracted by many things

file: 5543-27761-0066.flac
expected: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_2: if thisasso is itd not a sign ofwergaanic eekness
	layer_4: if this isso is it not asign of organic reekness
	layer_6: if this isseou is it not a signo erganic reakness
	layer_8: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_10: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_12: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness

file: 5543-27761-0067.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_2: sarpfhy maugs ind drv no her sof began the game oncewer trice thagh she plaedet with a heay heart
	layer_4: serfhy malcsan drovena her soft began the game once or twice thagh she plad it with a heavy heart
	layer_6: serphy marxandrovna herself began the game once or twice thaugh she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_8: serphy marexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_10: serphy malrexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_12: serphy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart

file: 5543-27761-0068.flac
expected: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_2: she sufferedas though commiting an evil dee with full consciousness
	layer_4: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_6: she suffered as though commetting an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_8: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_10: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_12: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness

file: 5543-27761-0069.flac
expected: it was a sad day for serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: it was a sad day for serfy molts and drovna
	layer_4: it was a sad day for sirfy malxs and drovena
	layer_6: it was a sad day for serfe malc and drovna
	layer_8: it was a sad day for serfe malex androvna
	layer_10: it was a sad day for serfee malex androvna
	layer_12: it was a sad day for serfee malex androvna

file: 5543-27761-0070.flac
expected: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_2: hew mother covered her with the ble blankit
	layer_4: her mother covered her with a blu blanket
	layer_6: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_8: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_10: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_12: her mother covered her with a blue blanket

file: 5543-27761-0071.flac
expected: lelechka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_2: loll wuch could drew her sleev little hands from under the blanket andstreched the to hiam brace her mother her mother ben down
	layer_4: lil uch culd drew her sleed little hands from under the blanket andstretched themout to umbrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_6: loluch coulddrew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them ount to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_8: lulutchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_10: luluchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_12: lulutchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down

file: 5543-27761-0072.flac
expected: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_2: she seemed so smon so frailander the boink at that covered her
	layer_4: she seemed so smaln so frailunder the blankat that covered her
	layer_6: she seemed so small n so frail under the blank et that covered her
	layer_8: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_10: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_12: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her

file: 5543-27761-0073.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_2: sarefhiolics nd grove normain standing av erleletch gas bad a long while and she capt looking aunt llluch got with tenderness n fear
	layer_4: sarapevalic and droven o remaind standing ovherleletchkga's bad a long while and she cap looking at wleluchkat with tenderness and fear
	layer_6: sarafema alixon drovna remaines standing over lilechicasbad a long while and she cept looking at lilecca with tenderness and fear
	layer_8: sara fhema alexandrovna remaines standing over lalechka's bad a long while and she kept looking at lalechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_10: sara fema alexandrovna remained standing over laletchka's bad a long while and she kept looking at laletchka with tenderness and fear
	layer_12: sara fema alexandrovna remained standing over laletchka's bad a long while and she kept looking at laletchka with tenderness and fear

file: 5543-27761-0074.flac
expected: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall lelechka
	layer_2: i' no mother is at possible that iiuldn't be able to protecter she thught is she immagin the verious ils that might be follo latchca
	layer_4: ia mo mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protector she thought is she imagined the various ills that might be follo lacika
	layer_6: i'm ta mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fall olachica
	layer_8: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall olachica
	layer_10: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall elacica
	layer_12: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall elachica

file: 5543-27761-0075.flac
expected: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_2: she prayed long bat night but the prayr did not raleave her sadness
	layer_4: she prayed long bat night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_6: she prayed long tat night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_8: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_10: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_12: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness

file: 5543-27761-0076.flac
expected: several days passed lelechka caught cold
	layer_2: several dhase paset wl lech e cogt col
	layer_4: several days passt will lutch ncogt cold
	layer_6: several days pased with lutchncot cold
	layer_8: several days passed with letchnicok cold
	layer_10: several days passed with letchnacot cold
	layer_12: several days passed with letchnacot cold

file: 5543-27761-0077.flac
expected: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_2: the fever came upon hant night
	layer_4: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_6: the fever came upon her at knight
	layer_8: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_10: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_12: the fever came upon her at night

file: 5543-27761-0078.flac
expected: when serafima aleksandrovna awakened by fedosya came to lelechka and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_2: when serephy mlics and drovena awakcen by fidosia cane ded ll luch ghen saw her looking so hat sa rethslessin sor tarmenged she instintly recalledth euvle omen and a hopeas despari tk possession of her from the first moments
	layer_4: when saraphe ma alicsand grovena awakened by fidosia camdo leletch gun saw her looking so hot so restless and so tarmented she instantly recalledh evil oman and a hopeles despari tok possession of her from the first moments
	layer_6: when seraphema alexon govna awakened by pydosia came dto lelech gun saw her looking so hot so restless in so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despaire tok possession of her from the first moments
	layer_8: when saraphema alexan drovna awakened by pidocia came to leletchkun saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_10: when seraphema alexandrovna awakened by fidosia came to leletchkin saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_12: when seraphaema alexandrovna awakened by fidosia came to leletchkin saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments

file: 5543-27761-0079.flac
expected: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_2: a doctor was caled and everything was don that his usual onc such occasions but the in eviable happend
	layer_4: adoctor was called an everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_6: a doctor was called in everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_8: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_10: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_12: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened

file: 5543-27761-0080.flac
expected: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_2: and the luch kigrew eabler from our to our
	layer_4: and the lutchka grew febler from hour to hour
	layer_6: and theluchka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_8: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_10: and luletchka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_12: and luletchka grew feebler from hour to hour

file: 5543-27761-0081.flac
expected: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fedosya uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka
	layer_2: nothing made her so anhappy as ta rederations o fid elsia o tdered between sobs she hid herself andhit erself oura laletca
	layer_4: nothing made her so undhappy as the rederations o pidesia ottered between sobs she hid herself and hit herself ourleletca
	layer_6: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of pidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aur lelecca
	layer_8: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of pidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself arlelechka
	layer_10: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself arlalechka
	layer_12: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of pidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself arlalechka

file: 5543-27761-0082.flac
expected: fever was consuming lelechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium
	layer_2: fevhere was conceeming whe lechka and there retimes and she last consciousness in spokendrlirium
	layer_4: fever was conceeming lelegka and there we times en she lost consciousness and spokendeliarium
	layer_6: fever was consuming elecka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke en dolurium
	layer_8: fever was consuming lalechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoken delirium
	layer_10: fever was consuming lalechka and there were times when she lost consciousness an spoken delirium
	layer_12: fever was consuming laletchka and there were times when she lost consciousness ind spoken delirium

file: 5543-27761-0083.flac
expected: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_2: three days pass torcuring likea night mar
	layer_4: three days pass tortring like a night mare
	layer_6: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_8: three days passetd torturing like a nightmare
	layer_10: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_12: three days passed torturing like a nightmare

file: 5543-27761-0084.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_2: sor femay alexcsin jrovena hid er face behihnd the curtain's near la luch as bed how tragict
	layer_4: sarfema alexsand gomena hitter face behind the curtains near la lutchka's bed how tragic
	layer_6: sarpima alexan jovna hit her face behind the curtains near lelechica's bed how tragic
	layer_8: sarphema alexandovna hid her face behind the curtains near lalechka's bed how tragic
	layer_10: sarpema alexandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near laletchka's bed how tragic
	layer_12: sarpema alexandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near laletchka's bed how tragic

file: 5543-27761-0085.flac
expected: a white mamochka whispered lelechka
	layer_2: a wite nmo moch ge whihsperidle logha
	layer_4: a white momachca whispered lealegca
	layer_6: a white mamochika whispered lelegica
	layer_8: a white mamochika whispered lelachika
	layer_10: a white maumotchka whispered lulochika
	layer_12: a white maumotchika whispered lulochika

file: 5543-27761-0086.flac
expected: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelechka
	layer_2: mo moch was wite face bhe came blird and everything grew dark beforela luchka
	layer_4: momuch gas white face became blured and everything grew dark beforelolecica
	layer_6: momochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lolucca
	layer_8: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before leluchka
	layer_10: moumotchka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lolachka
	layer_12: moumochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lolachka

file: 5543-27761-0087.flac
expected: she met her husband
	layer_2: she mat ter husband
	layer_4: she met ter husband
	layer_6: she met her husband
	layer_8: she met her husband
	layer_10: she met her husband
	layer_12: she met her husband

file: 5543-27761-0088.flac
expected: serafima aicksandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_2: sarfima alecs and drovena was standing by the coffend and looking douliat her dead child
	layer_4: sarpima elexs and drovmeno wastanding by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_6: sarphima elexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_8: sarfhema elexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_10: sarfima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_12: sarfima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child

file: 5543-27761-0089.flac
expected: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergey modestovich in a whisper
	layer_2: see mo my dear done d agitate yourself said serrgin mada stovigin a whisper
	layer_4: sima my dear don' to agitate yourself said sirgam adet stolvich ind a whisper
	layer_6: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergimmadestovitch in a whisper
	layer_8: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said serge mardustovitch in a whisper
	layer_10: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said serge marostovitch in a whisper
	layer_12: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergey marostovich in a whisper

file: 5543-27761-0090.flac
expected: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_2: you must resign yourself to your fat
	layer_4: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_6: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_8: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_10: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_12: you must resign yourself to your fate

file: 5543-27761-0091.flac
expected: she'll be up in a minute persisted serafima aleksandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_2: she ll be oup in a minute prcisted serfemalicsen jrovena her eyes fixed on the deadlittle girl
	layer_4: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarfemalecsan govena her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_6: she'll be up in a minute persisted serfemalexangovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_8: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarfemalexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_10: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarfema alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_12: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarfama alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl

file: 5543-27761-0092.flac
expected: sergey modestovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_2: sargame of astovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unsemly an of the rediculous
	layer_4: seirgame ut a stovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_6: sergeme mode stovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemlyan of the ridiculous
	layer_8: serge mardistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseem liane of the ridiculous
	layer_10: sergey mardistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseem liang of the ridiculous
	layer_12: sergey mardistovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseem lian of the ridiculous

file: 5543-27761-0093.flac
expected: sima don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_2: see my don' agrtateyourself he repeted
	layer_4: see my don't adgitate yourself he repeated
	layer_6: see my don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_8: see i don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_10: seem a don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_12: seem a don't agitate yourself he repeated

file: 5543-27761-0094.flac
expected: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_2: he was confusdn a knowyed
	layer_4: he was confusedind anoyed
	layer_6: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_8: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_10: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_12: he was confused and annoyed

file: 5543-27761-0095.flac
expected: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry
	layer_2: her facedseeme trankle in her eyese were dri
	layer_4: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_6: her face seemed trankle an her eyes were dry
	layer_8: her face seemed tranql and her eyes were dry
	layer_10: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry
	layer_12: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry

file: 5543-27761-0096.flac
expected: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lelechka used to hide herself
	layer_2: she wont into the nurseryin began to walk round the room looking into thos places werelal lutch ga used to hid herself
	layer_4: she went into the nurseryin began to walk round the room looking into those places were lo letchgo used to hide herself
	layer_6: she went into the nurserm began to walk round the room looking into those places where lolechka used to hide herself
	layer_8: she went into the nurseryme began to walk round the room looking into those places where lulechka used to hide herself
	layer_10: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where luletchka used to hide herself
	layer_12: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where luletchka used to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0097.flac
expected: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept on repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lelechka
	layer_2: she alked all about the room and ben now and thanted look underf the ctableer undto the bed and ceptrene repeeting cherfully whereismy lit le one where is my low lutchka
	layer_4: she walked all about the room and bent now and tango look under the tablear unto the bed and keptarine repeating cheerfully where 's my little one where is my low letchka
	layer_6: she walked all about the room and bent now and then o look under the tableor under the bed and kept rine repeating cheerfully whereis my little one where is my loluchka
	layer_8: she walked all about the room and bent now and then go look under the table or under the bed and kept hr un repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka
	layer_10: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept hr iun repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka
	layer_12: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept hr unrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka

file: 5543-27761-0098.flac
expected: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew
	layer_2: after she had walked hron the room one she began to make her quas in neaur
	layer_4: after she had walked rou the room once she began to make her quest in new
	layer_6: after she had walked rond the room once she began to make her quest in neuw
	layer_8: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in yoeuw
	layer_10: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in you
	layer_12: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in you

file: 5543-27761-0099.flac
expected: fedosya motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_2: fidosia motionlehs wuth the ducted face sad on a corner and looked frighte edot her mistress than she suddenly burstoat sobping and she waele lodly
	layer_4: phidosia motionless with the dected face sad an a corner and looked frightened at er mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_6: phidosia motionless with dedected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_8: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst ot sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_10: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_12: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly

file: 5543-27761-0100.flac
expected: she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka our angelic little soul
	layer_2: she hid herseuf and hid hersolf aurloe letch gar art and jeloic little sul
	layer_4: she hid herselth and hit herself ar lolechga ar and jealic little soul
	layer_6: she hid herself and hid herself are lolecica ar and jelic little soul
	layer_8: she hid herself and hid herself our lolechiga arn angelic little soul
	layer_10: she hid herself and hid herself our loletchka ar angelic little soul
	layer_12: she hid herself and hid herself our loletchka ar angelic little soul

file: 5543-27761-0101.flac
expected: when she entered the parlour there were several people between her and lelechka
	layer_2: when she enter the porla ther wre several peoper between hur indle lucha
	layer_4: when she entere the parloa there weas several peoper between her in thelutchcka
	layer_6: when she entered the parlor there was several peper between her an leluchka
	layer_8: when she entered the parlour there was several peoper between her and laluchka
	layer_10: when she entered the parlour there was several peper between her and lalatchka
	layer_12: when she entered the parlour there was several peper between her and lalatchka

file: 5543-27761-0102.flac
expected: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in serafima aleksandrovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_2: thete was an a prese feeling of haviness n serfew malic samd jroveness hadas she approached l a luchka
	layer_4: there was an appresive feeling of haviness and serfew malic some joveneus had as she approached lelugcka
	layer_6: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and serafumal lic some govnas had as she approached lelecka
	layer_8: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and seraphumanlic somdovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_10: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and serpheuma lik semdrovna's head as she approached leletchka
	layer_12: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and serapheuma lik samdrovna's head as she approached leletchka

file: 5543-27761-0103.flac
expected: lelechka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_2: weluch gollay there stilan pl and smlep a fetically
	layer_4: belugh go lay there still an pale and smiled pahetically
	layer_6: bolagga lay there still in pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_8: volachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_10: volachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_12: volachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically

file: 5543-27761-0104.flac
expected: the little one did not reply
	layer_2: the littae wonedid no r ply
	layer_4: the little one did not reply
	layer_6: the little one did not reply
	layer_8: the little one did not reply
	layer_10: the little one did not reply
	layer_12: the little one did not reply

file: 5543-27761-0105.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_2: serfhi mlcxsen jrvna sotapareced side in a lostway smiled and caod lodly lt letchka
	layer_4: sarfemalex and drovena soot ap arect sihe in a lost way smile and cad loudly letletcka
	layer_6: serfhymalicon drovna sood up erect sided in a lost way smiled and cawed loudly lelechka
	layer_8: serphe malexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_10: serphmalexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly luletchka
	layer_12: serphmalexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly luletchka

file: 5543-27761-0106.flac
expected: lelechka was being carried out
	layer_2: lotl lutch goehs being carried out
	layer_4: wet etch gos being carried out
	layer_6: lhtletch goe's being carried out
	layer_8: let letch gos being carried out
	layer_10: let letchgo as being carried out
	layer_12: le' letchgo as being carried out

file: 6841-88294-0000.flac
expected: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_2: at this momat the heav y bet ofhe stor on the roof sceased with m irtl as sudness leavein thy olt sotd world impti of sound sanf for the dripp dripp drip o vevse
	layer_4: at this momwet the heavy beat ofthe strorm on the roof ceased with miractl as suddness leaving the outsout world impty of sound saimd for the dripp dripp drip o ives
	layer_6: at this moment the heavy beat of the strorm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddness leaving the outsid world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_8: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_10: at this moment the heavy beat of the starm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_12: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves

file: 6841-88294-0001.flac
expected: we had every sort of people with us off and on and as i was lookout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_2: we ad ever sort of peopleoith his sof enon and as i was look outhat a poper gam i saw the mal
	layer_4: we had ever sort of people with isoftenon and as i was look out that a poplar game i saw tem all
	layer_6: we had ever sort of people with a sofphenon and as i was look out that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_8: we had ever sort of people with a soften on and as i was looken out that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_10: we had every sort of people with a sopenon and as i was lookin out at a pop'lar game i saw them all
	layer_12: we had every sort of people with e sophenon and as i was lookin out at a pop'lar game i saw them all

file: 6841-88294-0002.flac
expected: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt a sharp stab in my left leg
	layer_2: at the same inse nand a heard the roip of stil thoeh clal and filthe sharp stabbhim he lift lg
	layer_4: at the same insnend to heard the rip of still throgh clath and felt the sharp stabb im aleft lig
	layer_6: at the same institent to heard the rip of still through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_8: at the same instient o herd the rip of steell through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_10: at the same instant a heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_12: at the same instant a heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg

file: 6841-88294-0003.flac
expected: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_2: then i sgoutted to see whatrdo cut me and foundthatd the fill  ad lost to hand
	layer_4: then i scouted to see what head cut me and foundthat the phili had lost a hand
	layer_6: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the pelw had lost a hand
	layer_8: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_10: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_12: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand

file: 6841-88294-0004.flac
expected: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_2: and place of at he were a sharp stil hook
	layer_4: and place of it he wore a sharb steall hook
	layer_6: and place of it he wore a sharb stel hook
	layer_8: and place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_10: an place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_12: an place of it he wore a sharp steel hook

file: 6841-88294-0005.flac
expected: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_2: there was no doubt ofws bee in a lif for he was bre and hart lik aman does when e get s hit oever the hid it in't sound good
	layer_4: there was no doubt of his bein a life for he was brihtand hard like a man does when to gets hid over the hid it didn't sound good
	layer_6: there was no doubt of his bein a live for he was breathe an hard like a man does when te gets hit over the hid it didn't sound good
	layer_8: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breath and hard like a man does when het gets hit over the hed it didn't sound good
	layer_10: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathe and hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_12: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathe and hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good

file: 6841-88294-0006.flac
expected: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_2: when a man breeats at way his mostly all gon
	layer_4: when a man breeaded aut way hes mostly all gone
	layer_6: when a man breades tat way he is mostly all gone
	layer_8: when a man breads that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_10: when a man breathes that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_12: when a man breathes that way he is mostly all gone

file: 6841-88294-0007.flac
expected: men got batted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_2: mean got bettet overth heared aften aenoghan thos days
	layer_4: mean got bettet over the head often enough and those days
	layer_6: men got bettit over th head often enough in those days
	layer_8: men got betted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_10: men got betted overhead often enough in those days
	layer_12: men got bettered overhead often enough in those days

file: 6841-88294-0008.flac
expected: sour wine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no soothing syrup
	layer_2: so ar winehs find he put awone an shape to hel but its no sootdain siriup
	layer_4: sar wine is find tha put a wound and shaped o hl but its no soutant syrup
	layer_6: sar wine is find that put a wound and shaped ta heill but it's no sout and syrup
	layer_8: saarwine is fined that put a wound ind shape to heal but it's no suit in syrup
	layer_10: soerwin is fine that pu o wound in shape to heal but it's no suitin syrup
	layer_12: soerwan is fined that puto wound in shape to heal but it's no suitin syrup

file: 6841-88294-0009.flac
expected: their coffin was their ship and their grave it was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea down on the coast of the high barbaree
	layer_2: their colten wors their ship and the grav thir was the sea blow high blow low whalt care we and the quarterd that we gave then was the sint them in the sea don on the coast of the hi barbbery
	layer_4: their colfin wears their ship and the grave thert was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarterd that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the higrbarberi
	layer_6: their coffin wers their ship and the grave hat was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barberi
	layer_8: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barberi
	layer_10: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink tem in the sea done on the coast of the high barbere
	layer_12: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink tem in the sea done on the coast of the high barberee

file: 6841-88294-0010.flac
expected: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight and the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_2: it far made mahar rise ao herhn with a big still solm desitout side an the quiet moon light on tha shadtows and hium sit in up straight an got his eys blae in eeach sid as bigegle nos and is snaky hair hingon over the raw cut ocrossis hhad
	layer_4: it far made my har rise to hearhim with h bigs still solemn desert outside an the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him set in up straight and gaunt his eyes blace ind each side is big eagl knose and his snaki hair higin over the ra cut across his head
	layer_6: it fair made my hare rises to hear him with te big still solemn deseret outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him settingd up straight and gaunt his eyes blazingd each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_8: it far made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazined each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_10: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_12: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head

file: 6841-88294-0011.flac
expected: however i made out to get him bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_2: how wover o made out to git ing bandag eup and and shape and pretty son hie sort of ont osleep
	layer_4: however i made out to gttin banda jup and and shape and pretty soon hi sort of one tosleep
	layer_6: however i made out to getting bandag eup and in shape and pretty soon is sort of went to sleep
	layer_8: however ir made out to get ig bandage up and in shape and pretty soon is sort of went to sleep
	layer_10: however ie made out to get him bandage up and in shape and pretty soon a sort of went to sleep
	layer_12: however ire made out to get him bandage up and in shape and pretty soon a sort of went to sleep

file: 6841-88294-0012.flac
expected: then again he'd sing that barbaree song until i'd go out and look at the old colorado flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died and gone below or else he'd just talk
	layer_2: ind again it seing that barb resom metouhd god look at the ll callariut o flolend by just to be sur i haten dad n' gom below wor eilshe just talk
	layer_4: and again it sing that barbary so metil ot goouon look at the oll colla rot of floen by a just to be sure i ha n't did ant gone below wor alse just talk
	layer_6: hen again id sing that barbary so me tell it go out and look at the old colorod o flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died an't gone below wher elsie just talk
	layer_8: then again he'd sing that barbary saw me tell i t go out and look at the old colorad of flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died an gone below or elsehe just talk
	layer_10: then ag'in he'd sing that barbary saw me tell i'd go out and look at the old colorada flowin by jest to be sure i hadn't died ant gone below or else hyeu just talk
	layer_12: then ag'in he'd sing that barbary saw me tell i'd go out and look at the old colorada flowin by just to be sure i hadn't died ant gone below or else yeu just talk

file: 6841-88294-0013.flac
expected: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_2: he began when he was ackid and he gave has sidt of conversations paulsand for re plis
	layer_4: he began when he was a kid and he gave his siht of conversations pulsand for replies
	layer_6: he began when he was a kid and he gave hi sighe of conversations paus in for replies
	layer_8: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paulsed inmd for replies
	layer_10: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations pauls hing for replies
	layer_12: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paulse hin for replies

file: 6841-88294-0014.flac
expected: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_2: i used tolistend by the hour but a never made out anytthing realling portanes ta who tha man was awhere he come forom a what he done
	layer_4: i used to listend by the hour but i never made out anything really importantes to ho the man was awhere he come forem a what he done
	layer_6: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really importantnass to who the man was orwhere he come forom or what he done
	layer_8: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he done
	layer_10: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he done
	layer_12: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done

file: 6841-88294-0015.flac
expected: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet
	layer_2: i din payini attentin tm forhis quiet
	layer_4: i dent panheg attentiont tin for his quiet
	layer_6: i didnt pay the attention to om for is quiet
	layer_8: i didn't payny attention to him for h is quiet
	layer_10: i didn't pay any attention to him for he is quiet
	layer_12: i didn't pay any attention to him for he is quiet

file: 6841-88294-0016.flac
expected: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn
	layer_2: usuallhat idnt bother with his tallk for ia didn mean anathing a somethin in is voice may ba turn
	layer_4: usually a didn't botho with his talk for i didn't mean ny thing a something in is voice may me turn
	layer_6: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turnd
	layer_8: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_10: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_12: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn

file: 6841-88294-0017.flac
expected: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_2: he was lyi an on as sid tho s black eyes of he his blazeon it me but now both o themsa the same distance
	layer_4: he was laond on aside those black eyeas of heas blazon at me but now both of them sal the same distance
	layer_6: he was lion on his side those black eyes of h his blazon at me but now both of them sal the same distance
	layer_8: he was lyong on his side those black eyes of hiis blazing at me but now both of them sale the same distance
	layer_10: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_12: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance

file: 6841-88294-0018.flac
expected: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_2: where my clo was yasked veringtents
	layer_4: wher my clot was he asked veringtens
	layer_6: where my clot was he asked veryintents
	layer_8: where my cloths he asked veryintents
	layer_10: wher are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_12: where are my clothes he asked very intense

file: 6841-88294-0019.flac
expected: one little squeeze talk about your deadly weapons
	layer_2: one little squees tellk a battr dadly weapons
	layer_4: one little squeeze talkg bater dadly weapons
	layer_6: one little squeeze tulk batcher deadly weapons
	layer_8: one little squeeze talko bacher deadly weapons
	layer_10: one little squeeze talk bacher deadly weapons
	layer_12: one little squeeze talk bacher deadly weapons

file: 6841-88294-0020.flac
expected: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_2: bhut he been to sircnto long abat
	layer_4: but he been to sicnd too long abed
	layer_6: but he ben too sick and too long abed
	layer_8: but he been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_10: but hed been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_12: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed

file: 6841-88294-0021.flac
expected: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_2: and a minner to soul he came to
	layer_4: and a miner to sel he camed too
	layer_6: and a minue to se he came to
	layer_8: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_10: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_12: in a minute or so he came to

file: 6841-88294-0022.flac
expected: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_2: now you'r anite sweet proposition said i as soon as iu ias sure he couldonterstand me
	layer_4: now youre a nigc sweet proposition said i as soon as i wias sure he could eterstand me
	layer_6: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_8: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_10: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_12: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me

file: 6841-88294-0023.flac
expected: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_2: ther safeenough len me had thom he begd
	layer_4: ther' safe enough len me had them he begged
	layer_6: they're safe enough lend me had them he begged
	layer_8: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_10: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_12: they're safe enough let me have them he begged

file: 6841-88294-0024.flac
expected: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_2: no look her said i you ca't get up to day you an't fit
	layer_4: now look here said i you can't get up to day you an't fit
	layer_6: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_8: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_10: now look here said i you can't get up today you ain't fit
	layer_12: now look here said i you can't get up today you ain't fit

file: 6841-88294-0025.flac
expected: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_2: i know he pleated a lim me see them
	layer_4: id know he pleated a litme see them
	layer_6: i kno he pleaded ut live me see them
	layer_8: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_10: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_12: i know he pleaded but let me see them

file: 6841-88294-0026.flac
expected: just to satisfy him i passed over his old duds
	layer_2: just a satisfi iaetha pesed over es al dirds
	layer_4: just a satisfi nd the pased over his old dirds
	layer_6: just as satisfy him the pessed over his old dirds
	layer_8: just as satisfy him that pessed over his old dirds
	layer_10: just as satisfy him that pestd over his old dirds
	layer_12: just as satisfy him tha peast over his old dirds

file: 6841-88294-0027.flac
expected: i've been robbed he cried
	layer_2: ave been rod te cried
	layer_4: have been roded e cried
	layer_6: have been robed he cried
	layer_8: have been robbed he cried
	layer_10: ihave been robbed he cried
	layer_12: i have been robbed he cried

file: 6841-88294-0028.flac
expected: where's my coat he asked
	layer_2: we's macoat he asked
	layer_4: weresmacoat he asked
	layer_6: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_8: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_10: where's my coat he asked
	layer_12: where's my coat he asked

file: 6841-88294-0029.flac
expected: you had no coat when i picked you up i replied
	layer_2: you hed no coht when i pit you up ou replied
	layer_4: you had no kot when i pic ou up i replied
	layer_6: you had no coat when i pic ou up i replied
	layer_8: you had no coat when i pich you up i replied
	layer_10: you had no coat when i pitced you up i replied
	layer_12: you had no coat when i piced you up i replied

file: 6841-88294-0030.flac
expected: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_2: he lokedtho me mogtis ta spicious but didn' sanything more he would ne an ancwer en a spoke to him
	layer_4: he looked a me mudastuspicious but didn't say inything more he would ne van answer when i spoke to him
	layer_6: he looked a me midy suspicious but didn't say anything more he would neevan answer when i spoke to him
	layer_8: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_10: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_12: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him

file: 6841-88294-0031.flac
expected: after he'd eaten a fair meal he fell asleep
	layer_2: after he deedn a far mail he felloasleep
	layer_4: after he deeden a fair meile he fell a sleep
	layer_6: after he dede'nt a fair mail he fell asleep
	layer_8: after he deaden't a fair mail he fell asleep
	layer_10: after he'd eatent a fair mill he fell asleep
	layer_12: after he'd eaten a fair mill he fell asleep

file: 6841-88294-0032.flac
expected: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_2: whon i came back that evenen the bunk issempti and he was gon
	layer_4: when i came back that even in the bunk asempty and he was gong
	layer_6: when i came back that even in the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_8: when i came back that even in the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_10: when i came back that evenin the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_12: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone

file: 6841-88294-0033.flac
expected: i didn't see him again for two days
	layer_2: i d in seeme agan fortwo days
	layer_4: i d't seem agan for two days
	layer_6: i didn't seem agan for two days
	layer_8: i didn't seem agan for two days
	layer_10: i didn't seem again for two days
	layer_12: i didn't seehmim again for two days

file: 6841-88294-0034.flac
expected: then i caught sight of him quite a ways off
	layer_2: thin a caugt sat omn quet aways o
	layer_4: then a caut satofm quare a waiz o
	layer_6: then a caugt sat of m quee aways off
	layer_8: then a caut sat him quirt awayz off
	layer_10: then a cat sat him quire aways off
	layer_12: then a cat sate o him quire aways off

file: 6841-88294-0035.flac
expected: guess he suspicions i stole that old coat of his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_2: guessees u spicirus ise still tho wil cogdo his thinksi and aftrwards a found that mys surmishad been corript
	layer_4: guess e suspicious i stol theaut will co to his thinksih and afterwards a found that myt surmise had been correct
	layer_6: guesse suspicious i stole that will caot or his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_8: guessie suspicious i stole that wil co to his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_10: guesse suspicious i stole that wold co to his thanks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_12: guess e suspicious i stole that will coto his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct

file: 6841-88294-0036.flac
expected: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_2: ho wever he dent stay long an hat franof minde
	layer_4: however he ddn't stay long in that frame of mined
	layer_6: however he didn't stay long than that frame of mind
	layer_8: however he didn't stay long tin that frame of mind
	layer_10: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_12: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind

file: 6841-88294-0037.flac
expected: i ran up pulling my gun
	layer_2: a ran au polm agn
	layer_4: a ran au pum agun
	layer_6: a ranaup pol magun
	layer_8: i ran up pul ma gun
	layer_10: i ran up pull m gun
	layer_12: i ran up pall m gun

file: 6841-88294-0038.flac
expected: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_2: emake was flight on's face is armstrietched oup
	layer_4: themexs was flaton's face his arms stretched out
	layer_6: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_8: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_10: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_12: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out

file: 6841-88294-0039.flac
expected: on the middle of his back knelt my one armed friend
	layer_2: on the midl of his back na ma ont arn frand
	layer_4: on the middle of his back niwdemy one arn frend
	layer_6: on the middle of his back nele my one armd friend
	layer_8: on the middle of his back knal n my one armed friend
	layer_10: on the middle of his back nailed my one armed friend
	layer_12: on the middle of his back nailed my one armed friend

file: 6841-88294-0040.flac
expected: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt's into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_2: anyway at thress te muzel of my coldt en to the saile's face what's thrs i asked
	layer_4: anyway a thresst te muzzle of my coltanto the sailer' face what's this i asked
	layer_6: anyway i threst the muzzle of my colton to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_8: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colton to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_10: anyway i thrust the muzzle ofr my colt into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_12: anyway i thrust the muzzle ofer my colt into the sailor's face what's this i asked

file: 6841-88294-0041.flac
expected: i ween heem at monte off antonio curvez said he
	layer_2: i en he mid monty off an ton youl curvis said he
	layer_4: i wenhimid monty off and toni curvis said he
	layer_6: i win him id monte off antoniaol curvise said he
	layer_8: i win him idmonty off antonio cervice said he
	layer_10: i ween him admonty off antonio curvice said he
	layer_12: iween him edmonti off antonio curvice said he

file: 6841-88294-0042.flac
expected: the gleam died from his eye the snarl left his lips
	layer_2: the gleeame died from his eye the snawl lift his wips
	layer_4: the gleam died from his eye the snawl lift his whips
	layer_6: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips
	layer_8: the gleam died from his eye the snarwl lift his lips
	layer_10: the gleam died from his eye the snarwl liped his lips
	layer_12: the gleam dyed from his eye the snarl liped his lips

file: 6841-88294-0043.flac
expected: in any case he flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_2: and ani casey flw pocl proto leavermean mo ferind together
	layer_4: an any case i flew pocao proto leave n me and mit friend tgether
	layer_6: an any case he flewpoco proto leaven me and my friend together
	layer_8: in any case the flew poco pronto leave me and my friend together
	layer_10: in any case they flew poco pronto leavi me and my friend together
	layer_12: in any case they flew poco pranto leavi me and my friend together

file: 6841-88294-0044.flac
expected: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly doing odd jobs i saw him off and on
	layer_2: drnd the next who monthshe was a good deal about town mostte do an o jobs i saw i moften ime
	layer_4: durng the next who month he was a good deal about town mostly doan ou jobs i saw i moffhand ime
	layer_6: during the next who months she was a good deal about town mostly doinad jobs i saw him off an in
	layer_8: during the next wo months she was a good deal about town mostly doinad jobs i saw him off and in
	layer_10: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly domin ad jobs i saw him off and in
	layer_12: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly doin ad jobs i saw him off and on

file: 6841-88294-0045.flac
expected: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_2: however i d int pa much attnton to that be in at the time all might y busy hold down accard games
	layer_4: however i d't pay much attention to that be in at the time all might y busy holdn down ma card games
	layer_6: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holdig down ma card games
	layer_8: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down me card games
	layer_10: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my carrd games
	layer_12: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games

file: 6841-88294-0046.flac
expected: that's all right said i but you better stay right there
	layer_2: at's al right said i whuc hu' biter stay rougt ther
	layer_4: that's all right said i but you' bitter stay rought there
	layer_6: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rougt there
	layer_8: that's all right said i but you'd better stay roght there
	layer_10: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rought there
	layer_12: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rought there

file: 6841-88294-0047.flac
expected: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_2: iln want to make upto you fore trouble sitye
	layer_4: i want to make up to you for e trouble cit he
	layer_6: i want to make up to you for yu trouble said he
	layer_8: i want to make up to you for yeu trouble said he
	layer_10: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_12: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he

file: 6841-88294-0048.flac
expected: what kind of a good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_2: wa con of good thing iaskd treasur said he
	layer_4: hat cout of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_6: what count of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_8: what count of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_10: what cont of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_12: what cond of good thing i asked treasure said he

file: 6841-88294-0049.flac
expected: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_2: he looked all rigdingnough now ther drunk nera loko
	layer_4: he looked all rid enough now ther drunp noroloco
	layer_6: he looked all right enough now the drunp norloco
	layer_8: he looked all right enough noi the drunp nor loco
	layer_10: he looked all right enough noi the drunk nor loco
	layer_12: he looked all right enough noi the drunk nor loco

file: 6841-88294-0050.flac
expected: sit down said i over there the other side the table
	layer_2: set ounsaid im over there the othe sidt of he table
	layer_4: sed oun said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_6: set on said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_8: set own said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_10: set own said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_12: set own said i over there the other side of the table

file: 6841-88294-0051.flac
expected: he did so now fire away said i
	layer_2: he did so tha far waysaid i
	layer_4: he did so tha far away said i
	layer_6: he did so the far away said i
	layer_8: he did so the far away said i
	layer_10: he did so the far way said i
	layer_12: he did so the far away said i

file: 6841-88294-0052.flac
expected: and it's a big thing said handy solomon to me for they's not only gold but altar jewels and diamonds
	layer_2: and its of big thin said handy soloe meti me for thes not onely gol but alltrojewls and daamans
	layer_4: and its of big thime saind hand y solementimi for they'se not only gol but altrodjewels and diamonds
	layer_6: and its of big thame seint handysolomon timi for they's not only goal but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_8: and it's a big thame sait hande solomon timi for they is not only goal but altr jewels and di'amonds
	layer_10: and it's a big thame said handy solomon timy for they is not only goald but altar jewels and di'monds
	layer_12: and it's a big thame saind handy solomon timy for they is not only goald but altar jewels and di'monds

file: 6841-88294-0053.flac
expected: it will make us rich and a dozen like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_2: il i make ars rich and hi doesn'likes and ecaing kisst the book on that
	layer_4: it wil make is rich and i dosn't like is and ecen kiss the book on that
	layer_6: it willt make us rich and i doesn't like us and eqan kiss the book on that
	layer_8: it will make us rich and a doesn't like us and yeu can kiss the book on that
	layer_10: it will make us rich and a doezen't like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_12: it will make us rich and a doezen't like us and you can kiss the book on that

file: 6841-88294-0054.flac
expected: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_2: thet may all be true sid ir but whi de teoll me
	layer_4: then may all be truesid i but why de tell me
	layer_6: then may all be truecid i but why d yeu tell me
	layer_8: then may all be true said i but why d ye tell me
	layer_10: then may all be true said i but why d ye tell me
	layer_12: then may all be true said i but why d' ye tell me

file: 6841-88294-0055.flac
expected: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_2: whytedon't o get yo trase awit thout he neede dvidenmante
	layer_4: why dont to get you trersur without the need of devidenment
	layer_6: why don't yo get you treserewithout the need of dividement
	layer_8: why don't you get you treasure without the need of dividement
	layer_10: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividement
	layer_12: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividment

file: 6841-88294-0056.flac
expected: why mate he answered it's just plain gratitude
	layer_2: why made he answered is just plaineg greatitude
	layer_4: why made he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_6: why made he answered is just playin gratitude
	layer_8: why mat he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_10: why mat he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_12: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude

file: 6841-88294-0057.flac
expected: didn't you save my life and nuss me and take care of me when i was nigh killed
	layer_2: din't you sayve a liuge and nus me and take careve me whent i was no killd
	layer_4: didn't you save ma liughe and nuse me and take care of me when i was no killed
	layer_6: did't you save my liufe and nuse me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_8: did't you save my life and nusk me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_10: did't you save my life and nus me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_12: didn't you save my life and nus me and take care of me when i was not killed

file: 6841-88294-0058.flac
expected: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_2: look her anderson or hand y som an  whatever you pleased to clyouself ou rejon to this oe forgoin'g to do businos f me and i do not understand yat just whatit y as you want of me you'l have the talk straight
	layer_4: look heire anderson or handy solmond a whatever you please to call yourself irejointd to this i fyor going to do busins wifh me and i do not understand yet just what it  as you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_6: look here anderson or handy solomen r whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this i yeure going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_8: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_10: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_12: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight

file: 6841-88294-0059.flac
expected: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_2: it's all very well ta sae raditune but thadon't go with me
	layer_4: it's all very well to sayke gratitude but thy'd don't go with me
	layer_6: it's all very well to say gratitude but they don't go with me
	layer_8: it's all very well to say gratitude but they don't go with me
	layer_10: it's all very well to say gratitude but they don't go with me
	layer_12: it's all very well to say gratitude but they don't go with me

file: 6841-88294-0060.flac
expected: the devil's a preacher if you ain't lost your pinfeathers said he
	layer_2: thet dovils appreacure if  e lost rpanfethes said he
	layer_4: the devil's a preacher if ne los orpenfaather said he
	layer_6: the devils a preacher if nay los your penfather said he
	layer_8: the devil's a preacher if ny lost your penfeather said he
	layer_10: the devil's a preacher if a lost your penfeather said he
	layer_12: the devil's a preacher if ya lost your pen feather said he

file: 6841-88294-0061.flac
expected: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stocked
	layer_2: wells this than i' got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_4: wells this thn i got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_6: well 's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_8: well 's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_10: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_12: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped

file: 6841-88294-0062.flac
expected: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was
	layer_2: and a got to have help with ta treasure if hisslike this fellose set it worst
	layer_4: and a got to halve help with the treasure if islike this fello sed int wors
	layer_6: and i got to have help with a treasure if islike his fell ws sad in worst
	layer_8: and i got to have help with the treasure if hes liked his fellows set in worst
	layer_10: and i got to have help with the treasurer if he's liked his fellw's seting worse
	layer_12: and i got to have help with the treasurer if he's liked his fellows setting worse

file: 6841-88294-0063.flac
expected: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in as pardner
	layer_2: its money i got to have and is moneya havn't got and kan' gi an liss alid somebot an his partner
	layer_4: it's money i got to have and its money  havn't got and kin' git and lis a lids somebody an is pardner
	layer_6: it's money i got to have and it's money o haven't got and can't get and liss a lid somebody in is pardner
	layer_8: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't git unless a lid somebody in his pardner
	layer_10: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i lid somebody in his pardner
	layer_12: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i lit somebody in his pardner

file: 6841-88294-0064.flac
expected: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_2: whle me asked why not he retorted
	layer_4: why me asked why not he retorted
	layer_6: why mi  asked why not he retorted
	layer_8: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_10: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_12: why me i asked why not he retorted

file: 6841-88294-0065.flac
expected: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_2: we htalk te matter over it leng
	layer_4: we talk the matter over at lingk
	layer_6: we talk the matter over at lingt
	layer_8: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_10: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_12: we talked the matter over at length

file: 6841-88294-0066.flac
expected: i stood out for a larger party
	layer_2: ia stood affor a largereparty
	layer_4: i stood after a larger party
	layer_6: i stood after a larger party
	layer_8: i stood after a larger party
	layer_10: i stood after a larger party
	layer_12: i stood after a larger party

file: 6841-88294-0067.flac
expected: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_2: he strongly appose thisas dappreciad n the shairs but i had no nttention of gon alonean to what was ten considered a will den dangerous country fianaly we comperomized
	layer_4: he strongly opposed this as depreciat in the shars but i had no intention of going alone into what was thin considered of waldan dangerous country finally rwecompromised
	layer_6: he strongly opposed this as depreciate in the shares but i had no intention of going alone andto what was then considered of walden dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_8: he strongly opposed this as depreciatin the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wildand dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_10: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_12: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised

file: 6841-88294-0068.flac
expected: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_2: a thirt of the trgue was to go dto him a thir to me and the rest was tobe devoided among the man who ushould select this sckemed did not ap pile o him
	layer_4: a third of the trerisule was to go to him a third to me and the rest was tobe devided among the man whom u shuld select this scheme did not appill to him
	layer_6: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appill to him
	layer_8: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_10: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_12: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him

file: 6841-88291-0000.flac
expected: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and dropped back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_2: tbhe sinster existor prus no resmonsability we each reportedt dutifully at the roll call of habit and drow back into our blinkete wit the greateful sighe
	layer_4: bu sincether exister for us no responsibility we each reportit dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blinkets with he grateful sigh
	layer_6: but since there existor for us no responsibility we each report it dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_8: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_10: but since there existe for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_12: but since there existe for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh

file: 6841-88291-0001.flac
expected: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lying before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowing of cattle in the corrals
	layer_2: ou remembere the moons sal ind a good gade among happaronly stationary cloudlets a recall it deep black shad o lioned befor distant silvery mountains i glancsd  over the stark motionaous canveses each o which concildoman they ird trimbled with he bellomene of cattle ind the corows
	layer_4: iu remember the moon salan a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall it deep black shadow lione before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionaless canveses each of which consild a man they aired trembled with the belloment of cattle in the coraws
	layer_6: i remember the moons sailant a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the aird trembled with the bellomen of cattle and the corals
	layer_8: i remembere the moon' sailong a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and the corrals
	layer_10: i remember the moon' sailing a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvasses each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and the corrals
	layer_12: i remember the moon's sailing a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lione before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvasses each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellywmen of cattle and the corrals

file: 6841-88291-0002.flac
expected: seemingly but a moment later the cook's howl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_2: soimenly but a momen late the cooks hol brugt me tho concious ness again
	layer_4: siinly but a moment lader the cooks howle brought me to consciousness again
	layer_6: simmingly but a moment later the cooks how brught me to consciousness again
	layer_8: semmingy but a moment later the cooks how brught me to consciousness again
	layer_10: semminglee but a moment later the cook's how brought me to consciousness again
	layer_12: semmingle but a moment later the cook's how brought me to consciousness again

file: 6841-88291-0003.flac
expected: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the stray herd from the corrals to good feed three branding crews were told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_2: three wer to care for the remoda five ware to move the straight herd from the crowse to good feed three bran cres ore told o bran the cas hwe had collected ind the cut of the afteroomefor that tioco about halef the man
	layer_4: three were to care for the remoouda five were to moved the straight heard from the crowus to good feed three brin crews ore told to bran the cals we had cllected and the cut of the afteroon before that tykep about half the man
	layer_6: three were to care for the remooda five were to move the straight heard from the crows to good feed three brin crews ere told to bran the calvs we had collected ind the cut of the afternoom before that took lup about half the men
	layer_8: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight herd from the craws to good feed three bren crewswere told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_10: three were to care for the ramooda five were to move the straight herd from the caraus to good feed three bren crewsere told to bran the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_12: three were to care for the ramooda five were to move the straight herd from the caraus to good feed three bren crewsere told to bran the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men

file: 6841-88291-0004.flac
expected: the rest were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_2: the ris were to make a shore drive an a sol grass
	layer_4: the rist were to make a shor drive in th sal grass
	layer_6: the rist were to make a shore driv in the salt grass
	layer_8: the rists wereto make a shore drive in the salt grass
	layer_10: the wrists were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_12: the wrists were to make a short drive in the salt grass

file: 6841-88291-0005.flac
expected: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards distant
	layer_2: we were the ouny once who did go af fhout however a though the crowes were not more tan two hundred yardes distance
	layer_4: we were the ony once who did go a foot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yarde as distance
	layer_6: we were the ony ones who did go a foot however althugh the crowds were not more than two hundred yards's distance
	layer_8: we were the only once who did go afoot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_10: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the crads were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_12: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the crads were not more than two hundred yards as distance

file: 6841-88291-0006.flac
expected: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next the fence
	layer_2: whuhtwen the up rigt bars of greeas wood withcoald see the catele and ear the ops his side the mein built in a fire  nixt the fence
	layer_4: between the upright bards of greeasewood we could see the cattle and ear the opposis side the men build en oa fire a next the fence
	layer_6: between the upright bars of grease wood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in oa fire next the fence
	layer_8: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men built ing a fire next the fence
	layer_10: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a fire next the fence
	layer_12: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a fire next the fence

file: 6841-88291-0007.flac
expected: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_2: we pused up im the wit gat an ennerd
	layer_4: we pushed up em the wite gate an entered
	layer_6: we pushed op en the white gate and entered
	layer_8: we pushed open the white gate and entered
	layer_10: we pushed open the white gate and entered
	layer_12: we pushed open the white gate and entered

file: 6841-88291-0008.flac
expected: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long j h stamping irons in his hand
	layer_2: woncetod witen frmmhenm to finish as shef o lon jge step ind irons ind his hand
	layer_4: wincetood witen for hem to finish a shef of vlong jged stap and irons in hits hand
	layer_6: honce stood witten for them to finish a shef of long gage stampand ironds in hits hand
	layer_8: one stood waitting for them to finish a sheaf of long gage stampin irons in his hand
	layer_10: one stdoid waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long gge stamp ing irons in his hand
	layer_12: one stoid waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long gge stamp and irons in his hand

file: 6841-88291-0009.flac
expected: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_2: all the ra squateed on their hels an mong the fine smillk nt cigaratsan chaden angether
	layer_4: all the ras squated on their heels along the fintce smokean cigarates and chaten agether
	layer_6: all the rest squatted on their hells almong the fince smokang cigarates and chatten together
	layer_8: all the rest squatted on their heells along the fence smokang cigarettes and chattin together
	layer_10: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chattin together
	layer_12: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chattin together

file: 6841-88291-0010.flac
expected: the first rays of the sun slanted across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_2: a firist ras af the son signed to cross an one great sweep from the remoed mounis
	layer_4: a first ras of the sun signed across and one great sweep from the remode mountains
	layer_6: at first rays of the sun signed across and one great sweep from the remode mountains
	layer_8: at first rays of the sun signed across and one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_10: at first rays of the sun sigted across and one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_12: at first rays of the sun signted across and one great sweep from the remote mountains

file: 6841-88291-0011.flac
expected: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_2: humer woodnt ha nold kellth font hy jhn road in among the kattle
	layer_4: homer wooden the old calothhornte john rode ing among the cattle
	layer_6: homer wooden hen old caltfonty john rode ing among the cattle
	layer_8: homer woodan and old caliapforny john rode in among the cattle
	layer_10: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_12: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle

file: 6841-88291-0012.flac
expected: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_2: as he loupd settled he jeurkd sharply upard exactl is one would strikt ta hook af big fish
	layer_4: as the loop settled he jerk sharply uppward exactly as one would strike to hoook a big fish
	layer_6: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_8: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_10: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_12: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish

file: 6841-88291-0013.flac
expected: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and sat over in one stirrup to avoid the tightened line and to preserve the balance
	layer_2: humba rapt the roe twise wre thric abouthe horn and set over and one strped of void the tighdinline anto preserve the bounds
	layer_4: home orapt the roke twice were thricse about the horn and set over ind one stript avoid the tiht an line and to preserved the bouandcs
	layer_6: home ewrapped the roue twice or thrice about the horn and set over in once stripped avoid the tightan line and to preserve the bouands
	layer_8: homa wrapped the rogue twice or thrice about the horn and set over in once stripp to void the tid an lione and to preserve the boandce
	layer_10: home wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to void the tiding lione and to preserve the bolance
	layer_12: home wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to void the tiding line and to preserve the bolance

file: 6841-88291-0014.flac
expected: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_2: no bhadhe paed iny attintent to the cafh
	layer_4: nobod e payied iny attentont to the calf
	layer_6: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_8: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_10: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_12: nobody paid any attention to the calf

file: 6841-88291-0015.flac
expected: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_2: bet hind him folowed his anxious mother her had swing and from sidedeside ne the fire the horse stoped
	layer_4: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swing and from side taside near ther fire the horse stopped
	layer_6: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swing an from side toside near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_8: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swingind from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_10: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_12: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped

file: 6841-88291-0016.flac
expected: the two bull doggers immediately pounced upon the victim
	layer_2: the two buld aogers hndmedialy posnt upon the victom
	layer_4: the two bul dagres immedently pounts upon the victum
	layer_6: the two bull doggers immediately pouncs upon the victim
	layer_8: the two bulldoggers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_10: the two bull doggers immediately pounce upon thei victim
	layer_12: the two bull doggers immediately pounce upon thei victim

file: 6841-88291-0017.flac
expected: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_2: it was promptly fouped over on ats right side
	layer_4: it was prumptly foupped over on its rightside
	layer_6: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_8: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_10: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_12: it was promptly flopped over on its right side

file: 6841-88291-0018.flac
expected: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_2: this the caf was unable to strugble
	layer_4: this the caf las unable to struggle
	layer_6: this the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_8: this the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_10: this the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_12: this the calf was unable to struggle

file: 6841-88291-0019.flac
expected: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_2: when ant you have had the wind nocked outof you or riber to broken you seased ta think thi sonecessarily rouh
	layer_4: when ont you have had the wind knoced out of you or a rabeur too broken you seased to think this anecessarily rough
	layer_6: when once you have had the wind nocked out of you or a reaiboer too broken you ceased to think this a necessarily rough
	layer_8: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_10: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_12: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you ore a rib or too broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough

file: 6841-88291-0020.flac
expected: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers
	layer_2: hot irn hold oneo the buld oggrs
	layer_4: hot iron ye'ld one of the bulldogrs
	layer_6: hot iron yueld one of the bulldogress
	layer_8: hot iron yelled one of the bulldoggers
	layer_10: hot iron yelled one of the bulldoggers
	layer_12: hot iron yelled one of the bulldoggers

file: 6841-88291-0021.flac
expected: marker yelled the other
	layer_2: marker yeall theother
	layer_4: marker yll the other
	layer_6: marker yielld the other
	layer_8: marker yelled the other
	layer_10: mark er yelled the other
	layer_12: marker yelled the other

file: 6841-88291-0022.flac
expected: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_2: the bran ta presse the airand soutely against the flink
	layer_4: the brande pressed the iran smootly against the flake
	layer_6: the brandepressed the irans smootly against the flanke
	layer_8: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_10: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_12: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank

file: 6841-88291-0023.flac
expected: perhaps the calf blatted a little as the heat scorched
	layer_2: fperhaps he ca't blate a little lesst that heatd scorced
	layer_4: perhaps he capk bladed a litle as that he'd scorched
	layer_6: perhaps a cak blated a little as that heed scorched
	layer_8: perhaps ta cack bladed a little as that he'd scorched
	layer_10: perhaps the cack bladed a little les that he' scorched
	layer_12: perhaps the cack bladed a little less that he'd scorched

file: 6841-88291-0024.flac
expected: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due peeling and a successful mark
	layer_2: the bran show chery which is the propercolorto indticate du pelan and isuccessful mark
	layer_4: the bran showe chery which is the proper color to indicate do pelan and i successful mark
	layer_6: the bran showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pealand and a successful mark
	layer_8: the brand showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due peland and a successful mark
	layer_10: the brand showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due peyland and a successful mark
	layer_12: the brand showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pyland and a successful mark

file: 6841-88291-0025.flac
expected: then he nicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_2: hen h nickedhout a swaul tell in the other
	layer_4: they henicked hout a swall tell in the other
	layer_6: they henicked out a swallw tell in the other
	layer_8: then he nicked out a swallow tall in the other
	layer_10: then he knicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_12: then he knicked out a swallow tail in the other

file: 6841-88291-0026.flac
expected: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of branding
	layer_2: is seem so me ther great duil o u necessary twaotles brad as to the extrem creltyof brandon
	layer_4: it seems to me their great dul o arnecessary twatles abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_6: it seems to me the great deal of unecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_8: it seems to me the great deal of unnecessary twaddl is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_10: it seems to me the great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_12: it seems to me the great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon

file: 6841-88291-0027.flac
expected: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful and could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_2: undoutably at is to some extein painful it could some mothe mithod of ready a dinfication be ivised it miyt be as well to adoptid ind preferente
	layer_4: undoubtably it is to some extenmt painful it could some other method of ready adenification bee divised it might be as wel to adoptded and preference
	layer_6: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready a denification be devised it might be as well to adoptid in preference
	layer_8: undoubtedbly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_10: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_12: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference

file: 6841-88291-0028.flac
expected: inextinguishable laughter followed the spread of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_2: in extinguish ble lafht r fal thespritd of his doced im throughar asz ona
	layer_4: in extinguishablel laught tr fall the sprid of this doct i through airizona
	layer_6: inextinguishable laught er fall the sprit of this doctrin throeg arizona
	layer_8: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_10: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_12: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctrine through arizona

file: 6841-88291-0029.flac
expected: imagine a puncher descending to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_2: a megin a punture ascendento exam politly the eirtags of wild cattle on the olpen range rin around up
	layer_4: amaginea puntur das cend ento examn politely the irtags of wild cattle on the open range erein around up
	layer_6: imaginea punter descend into examin politely the iarr tags of wild cattle on the open range werein around up
	layer_8: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the earr tags of wild cattle on the open range werein around up
	layer_10: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range werein around up
	layer_12: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range werein a round up

file: 6841-88291-0030.flac
expected: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes to feeding or to looking idly about
	layer_2: a caffusually bels when te arond bits but as soon as releas e almost an verably gost to feden or to lookanitaly about
	layer_4: a cafusually bellos when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost anveriablygost of feden or to look anidally about
	layer_6: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghost of feting or to look an idily about
	layer_8: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably gost of feting ore to look in idily about
	layer_10: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes of fieting are to look in idily about
	layer_12: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes of fieting are to look in idily about

file: 6841-88291-0031.flac
expected: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have our teeth filled
	layer_2: bhe sids which it happens but woncs an a live time and his over n ten seconds accomvere did nit to those of vus wo oave had or teath fiel
	layer_4: thesides which it happens but once in a live time and his over in tin seconds accomver did nit to those of us wo have had ourteeth field
	layer_6: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comver dednih to those of us who have had our teethfield
	layer_8: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denyd to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_10: besides which it happens but once in a live time and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_12: besides which it happens but once in a live time and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have had our teeth field

file: 6841-88291-0032.flac
expected: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_2: one of the little animals was but a few monthsould so the ritre did not bo the with hitshine lges but tolsis lup over its neck
	layer_4: one of the little animalst was but a few months old so the riter did not bo the with its hine legs but tes his loup over its neck
	layer_6: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the riter did not bouthe with its hin legs but tulst is loop over its neck
	layer_8: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hin legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_10: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_12: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck

file: 6841-88291-0033.flac
expected: mister frost's bull calf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_2: mister fhrougses bull calf allone and pictworo history shows the atitudes
	layer_4: mister frostas bull calph alone and picg torolf history shows the attitudes
	layer_6: mister fro's bullcalf alone and pick torral history shows the attitudes
	layer_8: mister frost's bullcalf alone and pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_10: mister frost's bull calf alone at pictoral history shows the attitudes
	layer_12: mister frost's bull calf alone at pictoral history shows the attitudes

file: 6841-88291-0034.flac
expected: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehending excitement and the absolute matter of fact imperturbability of horse and rider
	layer_2: and then of course there was te gorgees contrast between all this frintac and uncomperhinen excidement and the absolue matter offact ind perput tability of horsan wrider
	layer_4: and then of course there was the gorgeous contras between all this frantic and uncomprehinen excitement and the absolute matter effact in prputability of hort an wrider
	layer_6: and then of couruse there was te gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehenien excitement and the absolute matter of fact in proputability of horse and writer
	layer_8: and then of course there was a gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehendeng excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider
	layer_10: and then of course there was a gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehendend excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider
	layer_12: and then of course there was a gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehendend excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider

file: 6841-88291-0035.flac
expected: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with a whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_2: as he new was business and as the cahas a smalmen the little bes went overpromptly bit the groun ot the wack and was pouns upon ind heild
	layer_4: as he knew his business and as the cath was a small wan the little beastwnt over promptly bit the ground ith the wack and was poundsd upon inhild
	layer_6: as he knew his business and as the cat was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_8: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_10: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_12: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the whack and was pounced upon and held

file: 6841-88291-0036.flac
expected: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and end by struggling back to the upright
	layer_2: he would ktehimself en one foot scramdbl vigrlwas sly and inby strgglen back to the oprid
	layer_4: he would katch himself on one foot scrambwil vigalusly and inby striugglim back to the upride
	layer_6: he would catch himself on one foot scraml vigorlussly and inby strugglan back to the upride
	layer_8: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and inn by struggling back to the upright
	layer_10: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_12: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright

file: 6841-88291-0037.flac
expected: you can imagine what happened next
	layer_2: he coldn o magin whathapannexts
	layer_4: he can amagin what happen next
	layer_6: he can imagine what happened next
	layer_8: he can imagine what happen next
	layer_10: he can imagine what happened next
	layer_12: he can imagine what happened next

file: 6841-88291-0038.flac
expected: this is productive of some fun if it fails
	layer_2: this is prodectoveofsn fone of ite failes
	layer_4: this is prodectoveof son fond of it fails
	layer_6: this is productive of some fon of it fails
	layer_8: this is productive of some fond of it fails
	layer_10: this is productive of some fond of it fails
	layer_12: this is productive of some fond of it fails

file: 6841-88291-0039.flac
expected: by now the branding was in full swing
	layer_2: byt now the brann was ia for sewing
	layer_4: but now the brad on was an foor swin
	layer_6: but now the brandon was in foreswing
	layer_8: but now the brandon was it fourswing
	layer_10: but now the brandon was in fourswing
	layer_12: but now the brandon was in foureswing

file: 6841-88291-0040.flac
expected: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_2: when th nosas fell they turnin walked toward the fire as a mattr of course rarely id the cast faill
	layer_4: when the nuses fell they turne an walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_6: when the nostes fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_8: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_10: when the nooses fall they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_12: when the nooses fall they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail

file: 6841-88291-0041.flac
expected: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_2: men ran to and fro buzsy an intent
	layer_4: men ran to and fro busy nd intent
	layer_6: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_8: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_10: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_12: men ran to and fro busy and intent

file: 6841-88291-0042.flac
expected: sometimes three or four calves were on the ground at once
	layer_2: sometime strew four cas werun the grounded ontcs
	layer_4: sometimes threew  four cas were on the grounded once
	layer_6: sometimes threg four cas were on the grounded once
	layer_8: sometimes throug rfour cavs were on the grounded once
	layer_10: sometimes thregh or four caves were on the ground at once
	layer_12: sometimes through or four caves were on the ground at once

file: 6841-88291-0043.flac
expected: dust eddied and dissipated
	layer_2: thus adiddicippated
	layer_4: dust eigdt eddicipated
	layer_6: dust adtednn dissipated
	layer_8: dust aden dissipated
	layer_10: dust adian dissipated
	layer_12: dust adian dissipated

file: 6841-88291-0044.flac
expected: no more necked calves they announced
	layer_2: tnhe more nac aes they nounced
	layer_4: nhe more net caves they nounced
	layer_6: no more nick calves they anounced
	layer_8: no more nick calves they announced
	layer_10: no more nickd calves they announced
	layer_12: no more nicked calves they announced

file: 6841-88291-0045.flac
expected: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_2: then he was spudrn his hands and go aded alon
	layer_4: then he wasd sped on his hands and go aded alon
	layer_6: then he was sped on his hands and go outed alon
	layer_8: then he was spetd on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_10: then he was sped on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_12: then he was sped on his hands and go at it alone

file: 6841-88291-0046.flac
expected: if luck attended his first effort his sarcasm was profound there's yore little calf said he
	layer_2: of luckc antened his first effrt is sora casim ost per found there is yoor lite cafh said he
	layer_4: of lucanttended his first effort is sor casm was profound there's your little caf said he
	layer_6: of luckc attended his first effort is sarro casm was profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_8: of luck attended his first effort is sarrowcasm was profound there's your little calv said he
	layer_10: of luck attended his first effort is sarocasm was profound there's your little calv said he
	layer_12: of luck attended his first effort is sarocasm was profound there's your little calf said he

file: 6841-88291-0047.flac
expected: would you like to have me tote it to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with yore little old iron
	layer_2: which you leckt te have me todt otooyo or dyou reckan you coa tot of this for with you ar littlowd iron
	layer_4: which you lik to heave me tot to tooyou or doou reckon you could tutle this far with you re little oad iron
	layer_6: whuch you like to have me toti to yo or doe reckon you could totle this far with your little od iron
	layer_8: would you like to have me totit t you or do you reckon you could tottle this far with your little od iron
	layer_10: would you like to have me toted toyou or do'you reckon you could tottle this far with your little oad iron
	layer_12: would you like to have me toted t you or d'you reckon you could tottle this far with your little oad iron

file: 6841-88291-0048.flac
expected: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_2: towardineo in the work slacked
	layer_4: towardiknoown the work slacked
	layer_6: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_8: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_10: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_12: toward noon the work slacked

file: 6841-88291-0049.flac
expected: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the branding finished
	layer_2: finally homa rod over to the calenment and reporte the brand in fanished
	layer_4: finally homarode over to the cattlement and reported the brand an finished
	layer_6: finally homee rod over to the cattlement and reported the brandon finished
	layer_8: finally home rode over to the cattleman and reported the brandon finished
	layer_10: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the brandon finished
	layer_12: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the brandon finished

file: 6841-88291-0050.flac
expected: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_2: the lattr count or the mrks ind his talli book
	layer_4: the latter counteo the marks ind his taly book
	layer_6: the latter counted the marks in his talley book
	layer_8: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_10: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_12: the latter counted the marks in his tally book

file: 6841-88291-0051.flac
expected: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_2: one hundred and seveny six he anounced
	layer_4: one hundred and seventy six he an ounced
	layer_6: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_8: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_10: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_12: one hundred and seventy six he announced

file: 6841-88291-0052.flac
expected: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_2: the markr squated on ther hels told ove the bitso vers ley it saved
	layer_4: the marcers squated on their hiels told over the bits evers ly had saved
	layer_6: the markes squatted on their hills told over the bits ef ers they had saved
	layer_8: the markers squatted on their heells told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_10: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_12: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved

file: 6841-88291-0053.flac
expected: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_2: but toble  mounid to but an hundre an saveny five
	layer_4: tu totale amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_6: te tobale amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_8: the total amounted to buton hundred and seventy five
	layer_10: the total amounted to budton hundred and seventy five
	layer_12: the total amounted to budon hundred and seventy five

file: 6841-88291-0054.flac
expected: finally wooden discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_2: foinly wooldn'tdiscoverditn as heap pocket
	layer_4: finally wouldn't discovered it ind has hid pocket
	layer_6: finally wouldn't discovered it in his head pocket
	layer_8: finally woudn't discoverd it in his hiat pocket
	layer_10: finally wouen't discover it in his hip pocket
	layer_12: finally wudent discovere it in his hip pocket

file: 6841-88291-0055.flac
expected: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning but did not seem to be tired
	layer_2: they had been d in a restler's heave you work all the mornin thay did not seene to betire
	layer_4: they had been doind a restlers heav you work all the morning they did not seen to be tired
	layer_6: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_8: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_10: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_12: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired

file: 6841-88291-0056.flac
expected: i saw once in some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_2: o soe wencs a some crainck visicail culture periouticle that a caboys life was visicaly ld boundce lic an orsmens in that id exurcis dnonly certai muss of the body
	layer_4: of some once an some crink visical culture periodicle that a caboy's life was vysically ild bounced like an ordsmans in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_6: off some once an some crank physical culture periodical that a cawboy's life was physically ill bouanced like an wordsmens in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_8: off some once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like a nordsman' in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_10: off some whace a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like a oardsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_12: off some whace a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like a oardsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body

