file: 3660-172183-0000.flac
expected: geraint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_2: drainet as he had been usedto do when he was at out thas cout frequent to ternaments
	layer_4: draint as he had been used to do when he was at aut thi's court frequent aterniaments
	layer_6: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequent e ternaments
	layer_8: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthour's court frequented tournaments
	layer_10: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_12: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments

file: 3660-172183-0001.flac
expected: before geraint the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_2: before duraint the scord to the enemy i saw steeds white with tome and after the shoute of battl i farerful torent
	layer_4: before doraint the scord to the enemy i saw a steeds white with fome and after the shout of battle i fairful torrent
	layer_6: before geuraint dhe scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fairful torrent
	layer_8: before jerante the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_10: before jurrant the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_12: before jurante the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent

file: 3660-172183-0002.flac
expected: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_2: these titings camedo hrban
	layer_4: these tidings came to herban
	layer_6: these tidings came to herban
	layer_8: these tidings came to hurban
	layer_10: these tidings came to urben
	layer_12: these tidings came to urben

file: 3660-172183-0003.flac
expected: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_2: not eye by my confession unto heaven said she there as nothing ware ha fl unto me then thiss
	layer_4: not y by my confession unto heaven said she there as nothing wa hatful unto me than this
	layer_6: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing mor hatful unto me than this
	layer_8: not i by my confession unto heavens said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_10: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_12: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this

file: 3660-172183-0004.flac
expected: and the tears she shed and the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_2: and the tis she said in the wordshe hdspoken a wokc him
	layer_4: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken a wolkchim
	layer_6: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken a woke him
	layer_8: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken owoke him
	layer_10: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken awokim
	layer_12: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken awokim

file: 3660-172183-0005.flac
expected: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_2: and evil betied me said he if thou returnesd eantill thou nowst wether i havf lost my streng so complulie as thou dis say
	layer_4: and evill be tied me said he if thou return ast her until thou knowst whether i have lost my strength so complitely as thou distsay
	layer_6: and evil betied me said he if thou returnest here until thou knost whether i have lost my strength so completly as thou dest say
	layer_8: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou dist say
	layer_10: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_12: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say

file: 3660-172183-0006.flac
expected: then geraint went to see erbin
	layer_2: then durain went to see erban
	layer_4: then deraint went to see erban
	layer_6: then geraint went to see urban
	layer_8: then jorant went to see urban
	layer_10: then jorane went to see urban
	layer_12: then jorane went to see urban

file: 3660-172183-0007.flac
expected: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_2: sir said he in going upon taquest and i m not certain whn i maye come back
	layer_4: sir said he i'm going upon to quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_6: sir said he i'm going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_8: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_10: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_12: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back

file: 3660-172183-0008.flac
expected: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_2: take hed theirefor un to thy posestions antil my return
	layer_4: take he' therefore un to thy possesions untill my return
	layer_6: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_8: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_10: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_12: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return

file: 3660-172183-0009.flac
expected: but one person only will go with me
	layer_2: but one prson only wol goart me
	layer_4: but one person only well got me
	layer_6: but one person only wll got me
	layer_8: but one person only will got me
	layer_10: but one person only will got me
	layer_12: but one person only will got me

file: 3660-172183-0010.flac
expected: and he desired enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_2: and he desid en itto mount her horse and terrid foad in e keep a long way bevo him
	layer_4: and he deside en it to mount her horse and to rie fowad an to keep a long way before him
	layer_6: and he deside en i to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_8: and he desied ena to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_10: and he desired ena to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_12: and he desired ena to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him

file: 3660-172183-0011.flac
expected: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_2: and un less i spekun to thy say not thou one word either
	layer_4: and unless i speak onto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_6: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_8: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_10: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_12: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either

file: 3660-172183-0012.flac
expected: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat and my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_2: and though thou shouts desid a see myh tefet in my death by the hands of those men yet ta wie fheel knodred
	layer_4: and though thou shoults desied o see myh tefeet in my death by the hands of those men yet to wie feel no dred
	layer_6: and though thou shouldst desie to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_8: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_10: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_12: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread

file: 3660-172183-0013.flac
expected: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_2: and he received him and that not febly
	layer_4: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_6: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_8: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_10: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_12: and he received him and that not feebly

file: 3660-172183-0014.flac
expected: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_2: in say not one word unto me andless i speak first unto the
	layer_4: an say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto the
	layer_6: in say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_8: in say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_10: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_12: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee

file: 3660-172183-0015.flac
expected: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_2: i will do as far as i canlo and said she accoring to thi dsire
	layer_4: i will do as far as i can load said she according to thy desire
	layer_6: i will do as far as i can lad said she according to thy desire
	layer_8: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_10: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_12: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire

file: 3660-172183-0016.flac
expected: ah maiden said he it is vain to attempt proceeding forward
	layer_2: ir maden said he it his vain to attemperoceting fowad
	layer_4: i maden said he it his vaind to attemproceeding forwad
	layer_6: i maiden said he at is vain to a tempreceeding forward
	layer_8: i maiden said he it is vain to attemp peroceeding forward
	layer_10: ye maiden said he it is vain to a temp proceeding forward
	layer_12: aye maiden said he it is vain to a temp proceeding forward

file: 3660-172183-0017.flac
expected: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_2: i cannot by any means refraind from sleepe throg warinesssait he do thoue therefur wash the hoses and sleepe not
	layer_4: i cannot by any means refraind from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watsh the horses in sleepe not
	layer_6: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_8: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_10: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_12: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not

file: 3660-172183-0018.flac
expected: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_2: i when yoeu saw the donea day appair she looked eroud erd ta sei if hou war waking ind therupon he wook
	layer_4: a when syeu saw the dan o day appar she looked haround e to see if he wiele waking and ther upon he wok
	layer_6: and when sye saw the dan of day appeair she looked around her to see if he were waking hand thereupon he woke
	layer_8: and when she saw the dawn of da apper she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_10: and when she saw the dawn of day a peare she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_12: and when she saw the dawn of day a peare she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke

file: 3660-172183-0019.flac
expected: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowers mowing the meadows
	layer_2: and they left the wod in the came to an opencountor with medals on one han and mo was mowling the medows
	layer_4: and they left the wood in the came to an open countu with medals on one hand and moas mowing the medows
	layer_6: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadaws on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_8: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadaows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_10: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_12: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moa's mowing the meadows

file: 3660-172183-0020.flac
expected: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_2: my lord e added wil l be displeasingto the if i as whence thou come ist allsom
	layer_4: my lord he added will at be displeasing to the if i ask wence thou come as tall som
	layer_6: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whenct thou comest allso
	layer_8: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whencet thou comest all so
	layer_10: my lord he added wil it be displeasing to the if i ask whence thou comest allso
	layer_12: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest allso

file: 3660-172183-0021.flac
expected: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_2: will thou fou a my countile said the yu dt and take thy meel fror me
	layer_4: wi'll thou fouoll my council said the youth and take they meel fom me
	layer_6: willt thou fouow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_8: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_10: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_12: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me

file: 3660-172183-0022.flac
expected: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_2: wat sort of mel he unquid
	layer_4: what' scort of meal he enquired
	layer_6: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_8: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_10: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_12: what sort of meal he inquired

file: 3660-172183-0023.flac
expected: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_2: then they washed and took their repest
	layer_4: then they washd and took their repast
	layer_6: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_8: then they wahed and took their repest
	layer_10: then they washed and took their repest
	layer_12: then they washed and took their repest

file: 3660-172183-0024.flac
expected: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_2: i gon now lord s aid he to meet the night into condact him to his lardging
	layer_4: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to condact him to his lodging
	layer_6: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_8: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_10: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_12: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging

file: 3660-172183-0025.flac
expected: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_2: i will do lord said she as thou saeset
	layer_4: i will do lod said she as thou saest
	layer_6: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_8: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_10: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_12: i will do lord said she as thou sayest

file: 3660-172183-0026.flac
expected: and after they had eaten and drank geraint went to sleep and so did enid also
	layer_2: and eter the d eadn an drank dram went to sleep and soted an it also
	layer_4: and afer they had eaten and drank draine went to sleep and soted anid also
	layer_6: and afer they had eatn and drank dram went to sleep and sod ad en it also
	layer_8: and after they had eaten and drank dran went to sleep and so did eean it also
	layer_10: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did eant it also
	layer_12: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did eant it also

file: 3660-6517-0000.flac
expected: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_2: the date seem un anpod but throut thepparied the ofesan men of the ship have been unremitingly busy
	layer_4: the date seem ununpot but througout the perid the ofies and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_6: the date seam unipoit but throghout the perod the offces and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_8: the date seem unimpornt but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_10: the date seem unimportnt but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_12: the date seem unimportent but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy

file: 3660-6517-0001.flac
expected: bowers attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_2: bows attack the shipstos servede re lisst en restod them sating very mushpace by unstoagnomrs cases and stoing the contens in the lazar et
	layer_4: bows attack the shipsdors surveed relist inda restoled them saving very much spaced by unstoig numerous cases and stowing the contens in the lazaret
	layer_6: bows attacked the ship's tors surveyed relistin restoed them saving very much spaced by unstoing numeous cases ind stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_8: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relist end restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_10: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed reliste and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_12: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette

file: 3660-6517-0002.flac
expected: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_2: without steem the le cannow be kept under with the hand pom by two dealy efits of a quarder ofan hourt to twentyminuts
	layer_4: without steam the lek cannow be kept under with the hand pum by two dearly effits of a quarter of an hour to twentyminutes
	layer_6: without steam the le canow be kept under with the handpump by two dearly effots of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_8: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the handpump by two dearly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_10: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_12: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes

file: 3660-6517-0003.flac
expected: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_2: as a ship was and an ar presen heavily lad in condition would certinly ove take en threati or is each day
	layer_4: as a ship was and an e present heavily laide in condition woud certainly of taken three to for i was each day
	layer_6: as the ship was and in her present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four i was each day
	layer_8: as the ship was and in her present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four houhs each day
	layer_10: as the ship was and in her present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_12: as the ship was and in her present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day

file: 3660-6517-0004.flac
expected: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_2: the lige greentent was put up and propasiports mad for d
	layer_4: the lige green tent was put up and propesipports madeforit
	layer_6: the lige green tent was put up and proposoforts made for
	layer_8: the lage green tent was put up and proper sufforts made for it
	layer_10: the large green tent was put up and proper suppords made for it
	layer_12: the large green tent was put up and proper suppords made for it

file: 3660-6517-0005.flac
expected: the engine room staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists were stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_2: the engernhom staf an anises people on the engens signe tis was stoing their lavertorse the coock ry fetting his galy and sol oth hot a singl spot but had its band of workers
	layer_4: the enteroom staf and andesnes people on the engins scientess wisl stoling their labertorge the cookre fitting his gally and so forth ot a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_6: the enterooms staff and andesness people on the engines scientis was stowing their labartors the cook re fitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_8: the interroom staff and andeson's people on the engines scientist was stowing their laboators the cook re fitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_10: the interroom staff and andersen's people on the engines scientists was stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_12: the interroom staff and andersen's people on the engines scientists was stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers

file: 3660-6517-0006.flac
expected: the men's space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch to the stem on the main deck
	layer_2: the men sbace such as is they refforektens from the fore hatch the stem on the main deack
	layer_4: the men space such as itis they areffore ek stends from the foure hatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_6: the men space such as itis theafore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_8: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_10: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_12: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck

file: 3660-6517-0007.flac
expected: under the forecastle are stalls for fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_2: undor the forcaslere stalls e fifteen pon ies the maxelln the space would hold the narrow aregulu space an front ais pack tate witdh fote
	layer_4: under the fourcastlr stolls wor fifteen ponit tlhe maxelon the space would hold the narrow iregulou space and front is pack tite woith fogter
	layer_6: under the forecastle or stalls fore fifteen poniesh le maxill in thi space would hold the narrow irregulous space in front is pack tigte with foudhter
	layer_8: under the forecastle or stalls for fifteen ponies the maxilin the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is pack tight with fodder
	layer_10: under the forecastle or stalls fof fifteen ponies the maxilim the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is pack tight with fodder
	layer_12: under the forecastle or stalls for fifteen ponies the maxilim the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packtight with fodder

file: 3660-6517-0008.flac
expected: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is the small booby hatch the only entrance to the men's mess deck in bad weather
	layer_2: meatlyd behignd the fore castlabolcates a small bl behatch the onlyengeec to the men's mestack an bad wether
	layer_4: meeatly behind the forcastle bocatis a small boubihach the only enjes to the men's mestek and badweather
	layer_6: imeeatly behind the forcastle bocate is a small boobyhatch the only intes to the men's mesteck and bad weather
	layer_8: immeately behind the forecastle bolkade is a small boobyhatch the only enges of the men's mesteck ind bad weather
	layer_10: immediately behind the forecastle bulkead is a small boobyhatch the only endies to the men's mesteck in bad weather
	layer_12: immediately behind the forecastle bulkead is a small booby hatch the only endies to the men's mestek in bad weather

file: 3660-6517-0009.flac
expected: abaft the fore hatch is the ice house
	layer_2: abaf the fore hach rs the asous
	layer_4: abaf the forehaitches the ie house
	layer_6: abouf the forehach es the ise house
	layer_8: abof the forehatch is the ice house
	layer_10: above the forehatch is the ice house
	layer_12: above the forehatch is the ice house

file: 3660-6517-0010.flac
expected: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_2: we mani toa get three tons of ice one hundred sixty tu cackasas ofmotton and three cakasses of bef beside some boks of sweet breads and kitd nes into hi space
	layer_4: we manit to get three tons of ice one hundred sixly two cockees of motton and three cocess of beef besidesome boxs of sweet breads and kidnes into thi space
	layer_6: we manage to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two coceces of motton and three coccases of beef beside some boxes of sweet breads and kidneys into this space
	layer_8: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacases of mutton and three cacases of beef besides some boxes of sweet breads and kidneys into this space
	layer_10: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two caucases of mutton and three cacasses of beef besides some boxes of sweet breads and kidneys into this space
	layer_12: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two caucasses of mutton and three cacasses of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space

file: 3660-6517-0011.flac
expected: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cargo and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_2: the sax cmontending this last at i to the goods alreadyimention make a really havy deck cago and one his natualy axes concerning on but averything the can be done by lashing n scuring has ban done
	layer_4: the saxcontending this last adet to the goods alreadymentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everytheing thet can be done by lashing andscuring has beand done
	layer_6: the sax contending this last add id to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing andscuring has been done
	layer_8: the saxs containding this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deccago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and escuring has been done
	layer_10: the saks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deccago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_12: the saks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deccago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done

file: 3660-6517-0012.flac
expected: forage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbourne
	layer_2: forige irignlly orgted thirty tons of compresst ot an ha from melboen
	layer_4: forige iriginaly orded thirty tons of compressed otan hay from melbone
	layer_6: forige iorigially odded thirty tons ove compressed otan hay from melbon
	layer_8: foridch i originally orded thirty tons of compressed ot end hay from melboune
	layer_10: forwige i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed ote and hay from melbourne
	layer_12: forwidge i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oate an hay from melbourne

file: 3660-6517-0013.flac
expected: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_2: the seeme is holy inchanting in such a view fom sone shelted suny corner and agaiden which blace with mates of redin goldand flows tensto felings of in thexpressible satisfactr with all things
	layer_4: the sceme is wholy inchanting in such a view fom some shelted sunny corner in a goden which blaced with masces of read ing golden flows tens a feelings of inexprescible satisfaction with all things
	layer_6: the sceme is wholly enchanting in such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a goden which blazes with masses of read and golden flows tens to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_8: the scene is wholly enchanting an such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_10: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_12: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things

file: 3660-6517-0014.flac
expected: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_2: a greate mnas o peoplea sembled
	layer_4: a great mass a people assembled
	layer_6: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_8: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_10: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_12: a great mass of people assembled

file: 3660-6517-0015.flac
expected: k and i lunched with a party in the new zealand company's ship ruapehu
	layer_2: can i lonch with t e pordying them iul an compani ship wrerepowhol
	layer_4: can i lunch with he poty ing the dzel an company ship rpoho
	layer_6: ca n i lunch with the party in the dzeal and company ship rupoaho
	layer_8: ca an i lunch with a party in thezeal n companyship rupaho
	layer_10: kay and i lunch with the party in the zeal and companyship rupahu
	layer_12: kay and i lunch with the party in the zeal and companyship ru pahu

file: 3660-6517-0016.flac
expected: telegram to say terra nova had arrived sunday night
	layer_2: teled ram teo say tarren nove had a rise sundi night
	layer_4: telledgrame to say teronn overhad a rivsed sundy night
	layer_6: telegram to say teronover had arrived sunday night
	layer_8: telegram to say teranova had arrived sunday night
	layer_10: telegram to say teronova had arrived sunday night
	layer_12: telegram to say teronova had arrived sunday night

file: 3660-6517-0017.flac
expected: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_2: a thirds ledgedtin tacross the breake of the poopin etspace harther to alcupiede by the after wince
	layer_4: a thirds ledget ands across the brake of the poop in it space hirther two arcupied by they after winch
	layer_6: a third s ledgestands across the break of the poop ind et space hir the to occupied by they afterwinch
	layer_8: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop ind its pace hittherto occupied by the afterwinch
	layer_10: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in its bace hitherto occupied by the afterwinch
	layer_12: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in its bace hitherto occupied by the afterwinch

file: 3660-6517-0018.flac
expected: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_2: the quanteitiis to an have tons andthe space ocupyed considerable
	layer_4: the quantityis two in a havf tons and the space ocupied considerable
	layer_6: the quantity is to and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_8: the quantity is two and half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_10: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_12: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable

file: 3660-6517-0019.flac
expected: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_2: the ship was ofvea two fet by the sturn but this wil soon be remilaid
	layer_4: the ship was o atoo feet by the stern but this will soon be remilaed
	layer_6: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_8: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_10: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_12: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied

file: 3660-6517-0020.flac
expected: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_2: they must perforc be chaned up and they re given what shelters tha fort ed andeck but theire position is not endviable
	layer_4: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforted ondeck but theyir position is not enviable
	layer_6: they must perforce be chained up and they hae given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_8: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_10: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelteris afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_12: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelteris afforded on deck but their position is not enviable

file: 3660-6517-0021.flac
expected: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast emits a long pathetic whine
	layer_2: i is a patheric atitude deeply significan of cold ind misery casinly somepore beseamitsa long pu thatic ine
	layer_4: it is a pathetic atitude deeply significant of cold in misery casionaly some por besemits a long pathetic uine
	layer_6: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery ocasionally some poor be sumits a long pathetic wine
	layer_8: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery ocasionally some poor beas umits a long pathetic wine
	layer_10: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast umits a long pathetic wine
	layer_12: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast amits a long pathetic wine

file: 3660-6517-0022.flac
expected: there are generally one or two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_2: ther ie genly onetie to one watch which eases maters but it is e squush
	layer_4: there are genally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_6: there are geneally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_8: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_10: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_12: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash

file: 3660-6517-0023.flac
expected: later in the day the wind has veered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_2: later in the day the win his veed to the west would heating a slaghtly
	layer_4: later in the day the wint his vered to the westwod heating a slightly
	layer_6: later in the day the wind has vered to the westwood hedding ut slightly
	layer_8: later in the day the wind has veed to the westwod heading us slightly
	layer_10: later in the day the wind has vered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_12: later in the day the wind has vered to the westward heading us slightly

file: 3660-6517-0024.flac
expected: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_2: oht an acunson with intermintinessistencefr mothers wor busy keeping the ponies on their leges
	layer_4: oaan acconson with intermiten es sistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_6: ots and ackinson with intermiten assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_8: oats and akinson with intermittan assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_10: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_12: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs

file: 3660-6517-0025.flac
expected: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and re lashing the petrol cases et cetera in the best manner possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_2: there was nothing forid but to grapple with the evil an nelly all h ands we laboring for ous in the waist a the ship heaving col saxo board and relashing the paturalcasesu setera and he best man uposible und te such diffircult and dangeru circumsinses
	layer_4: there was nothing forwa it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands will laboring for hours in the wais of the ship heaving coal sax ofvarbord and relashing the patral cases setera in the best man a possible unde such difforcult and dangeros circumcances
	layer_6: there was nothing forw ait but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waists of the ship heathing coal seaxs overboard and relashing the petral casescetera an the best man a possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_8: there was nothing forward but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waigst of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petrol caseset cetera in the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_10: there was nothing forwit but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petrol cases et cetera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_12: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petrol cases et cetera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances

file: 3660-6517-0026.flac
expected: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_2: no soon was somed semblanc of oarder restodthan soe acceptionly heavy wayv would ter way the lashing an the work at to be dont all over agin
	layer_4: no soon e was some semblance of arder restord than some exceptionally heavywayv would tear away the lashing an the work had to be don all over again
	layer_6: no soonwer was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_8: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_10: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_12: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again

file: 3660-6517-0027.flac
expected: from this moment about four a m the engine room became the centre of interest
	layer_2: from this moment about foriam the enjerom became the centr iof interest
	layer_4: from this moment about for i am the enjuron became thes centre of interest
	layer_6: from this moment about far iam the ingroom became thee centre of interest
	layer_8: from this moment about four i m the ingirnroom became the centre of interest
	layer_10: from this moment about four i m the enginroom became the centre of interest
	layer_12: from this moment about four i m the enginroom became the centre of interest

file: 3660-6517-0028.flac
expected: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_2: the wat agane hi spyte of everyeft
	layer_4: the wat agained hi spite of every efit
	layer_6: the wad egained his spite of every affit
	layer_8: the wadar gained is spite of every affit
	layer_10: the wada gained is spite of every affit
	layer_12: the wada gained is spite of every affit

file: 3660-6517-0029.flac
expected: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_2: the out look apad gram
	layer_4: the out look a peared grem
	layer_6: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_8: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_10: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_12: the outlook appeared grim

file: 3660-6517-0030.flac
expected: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_2: they mount of watewrcs as being made with the ship so rughly handed was most an certain
	layer_4: the amount of wader was as being mad with the ships so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_6: the amount of water whichas being made with the ship so rughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_8: the amount of waterwich was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_10: the amount of waterwish's being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_12: the amount of waterwish's being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain

file: 3660-6517-0031.flac
expected: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_2: willims had to confaesse was beaten int must drawfies what was to be done
	layer_4: williams had to confess he was beaten int must dra fires what was to be done
	layer_6: williams had to confess e was beaten in must draw fis what was to be done
	layer_8: williams had to confess he was beaten ind must draw firs what was to be done
	layer_10: williams had to confess he was beaten int must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_12: williams had to confess he was beaten it must draw fires what was to be done

file: 3660-6517-0032.flac
expected: the bilge pump is dependent on the main engine
	layer_2: the build prompers depended on the main ensgon
	layer_4: the buildh prombers dependet on the man engon
	layer_6: the builg prompes depended on the main engine
	layer_8: the bilgh promperse depended on the main engine
	layer_10: the billge prompere dependent on the main engine
	layer_12: the billage prompers dependent on the main engine

file: 3660-6517-0033.flac
expected: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_2: on one occasiond i was wasteep wen standing on the rail of the foo
	layer_4: on one occasion i was way sdeep when standing on the rail of the po
	layer_6: on one occasion i was way steep when standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_8: on one occasion i was weaste deep when standing on the rail of the poot
	layer_10: on one occasion i was weaist deep when standing on the rail of the poot
	layer_12: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poot

file: 3660-6517-0034.flac
expected: the afterguard were organised in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safeguard of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale her out
	layer_2: the aftergad wele organiz ind to pod hesd by evans to work buckets the men were kap stadly going on the choked and pumps the seemed all ther culd be done forthe moment and wot amaged o countos thae sol saf got of the ship from sinking practicaly in attemp to beailar out
	layer_4: the after god wele organized and two pidies by evens to work buckets the men woe kept steadly going on the choked hand pumps the semed all the ould be done for the moment and want ameagured account as the soul safe gout of the ship from sinking practically in attempt to bail ar out
	layer_6: the after god were organized an two poties by evans to work buckets the men wuld kept steadily going on the choked handpumps thi seemed all there ould be done for the moment and whant a meajured to count as the sole safe got of the ship from sinking practically in attempt to bale or out
	layer_8: the after god were organized in two porties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that ould be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safe got of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale or out
	layer_10: the after god were organized in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile hr out
	layer_12: the after god were organized in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile her out

file: 3660-6517-0035.flac
expected: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_2: a casinly a heavy see would beare one of the moway and he was oanly sae by has chan
	layer_4: occasionally a heavy see would beare one of the moway and he was only save by his chan
	layer_6: occasonally a heavy sea would bear one of the maway and he was only save by his chain
	layer_8: occasonally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_10: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_12: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain

file: 3660-172182-0000.flac
expected: now this is how arthur hunted the stag
	layer_2: now this st how ather hunded the stag
	layer_4: now this is how authur hunted te stag
	layer_6: now this is how author hunted he stag
	layer_8: now this is how authur hunted a stag
	layer_10: now this is how athur hunted a stag
	layer_12: now this is how athur hunted a stag

file: 3660-172182-0001.flac
expected: and the last dog that was let loose was the favorite dog of arthur cavall was his name
	layer_2: an the las dogd it was let lotse was a favoric doga ather cove o was his name
	layer_4: an the last dogged er was let lose was a favorite dog of athur coval was his name
	layer_6: in the last dogtor was let oose was a favorite dog of athur caval was his name
	layer_8: in the last dog tet was let loose was a favorite dog of arthur caval was his name
	layer_10: in the last dog thet was let loose was a favorite dog of arthur kaval was his name
	layer_12: in the last dog thet was let loose was a favorite dog of arthur kaval was his name

file: 3660-172182-0002.flac
expected: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_2: then they sound of the deaph horn foa slaying an they alr ga thi drout
	layer_4: then they sound of the deathhorn for slyng and they all gathed roud
	layer_6: then they soundef the death horn for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_8: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_10: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_12: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round

file: 3660-172182-0003.flac
expected: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_2: one wished that i sho be givento the lady best beloved by him and ano that to the lady whom he loved bast
	layer_4: one wished that i ho be given to the lady best beloved by him and ano that to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_6: one wished that it shud be given to the lady best be loved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_8: one wished that it sould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_10: one wished that it soul be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_12: one wished that it soul be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best

file: 3660-172182-0004.flac
expected: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_2: and aftermi day thay bhe held an unshapely little man upon i hose and after him a dame ore damsl also onehos bac and afto her a night of ligestatchur bou down and hangg is had lowind sorowfully ien clad in broken and worthless amer
	layer_4: and after mid day they be held an unshapely little man upon a hose and after him a dam ora damsel also on hostbackt and after her a knight of lige statcher bowd down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully inclaed in broken and worthless amor
	layer_6: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a hose and after him a dame or damsel also on hoseback and after her a night of lige stature bowed down and hanginghis head low and sorrowfully an clad in broken and worthless amor
	layer_8: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lige stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_10: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of loge stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_12: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lodge stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour

file: 3660-172182-0005.flac
expected: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_2: i kno not o they a said he but i know said gone over this is the night hom juraint parsuid and met thing that he comes not er b as own fre will
	layer_4: i know not ho they ae said he but i know said gwin of er this is the night whom juraint persut and me things that he comes not hear by his own free will
	layer_6: i know not who they are said he but i know said gwinever this is the night whom geraint pursued and me things that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_8: i know not who they are said he but i know said gwennevere this is the knight whom jeraint pursued and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_10: i know not who they are said he but i know said guennever this is the knight whom jerrainte pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_12: i know not who they are said he but i know said gwennever this is the knight whom jerrante pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will

file: 3660-172182-0006.flac
expected: but geraint has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_2: but jurantes of attakenimin avengy insulto the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_4: but juraintes ov a taken im in evengthy insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_6: but jerantes overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_8: but jerantos overtaken him and avenged the insult tof the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_10: but jorenths overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_12: but jorentahas overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost

file: 3660-172182-0007.flac
expected: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_2: lady said he at the gate the as a night and i sown never a man of so pitifl and aspecto look upon as he
	layer_4: lady said he at the gate the was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspec to look upon as he
	layer_6: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon is he
	layer_8: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_10: lady said he at the gate there was a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_12: lady said he at the gate there was a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he

file: 3660-172182-0008.flac
expected: i do said he he tells me that he is edeyrn the son of nudd
	layer_2: i do said he e tels me that he his eterin the some of nod
	layer_4: i do said he he tells me that he is ederon the some of nod
	layer_6: i do said he he tells me that he is eterine the son of nouod
	layer_8: i do said he he tells me that he is ederin the son of nud
	layer_10: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nud
	layer_12: i do said he he tells me that he is edyrin the son of nud

file: 3660-172182-0009.flac
expected: then she replied i know him not
	layer_2: then she re plied i know him noht
	layer_4: then she replied i know him not
	layer_6: then she replied i know him not
	layer_8: then she replied i know him not
	layer_10: then she replied i know him not
	layer_12: then she replied i know him not

file: 3660-172182-0010.flac
expected: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_2: so gone of er went to the gate to meet him an he entwered
	layer_4: so guoneof er went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_6: so ginever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_8: soguenevort went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_10: soglenevor went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_12: soglenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered

file: 3660-172182-0011.flac
expected: and geraint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_2: and duran greatdsthe well and engreading the he compeld me t accomepcithar to do thi pleasur far th insult which thy madein received from the dwaff no wherdid hy of atake the
	layer_4: and duranet grees the well and iengreeding the he compeled me to come hyther to do thy pleasure for the insugt which thy made n received from the dwarf no wheredid he ovetake thee
	layer_6: and duraintd greets the well and ingreeding thee he compelled me to come hether to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maden receive from the dwarf nowhere did he overtake thee
	layer_8: and deran't greets thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_10: and derant greets thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_12: and derrant greets thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee

file: 3660-172182-0012.flac
expected: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraint will be here
	layer_2: sor said she when think estow that douraind will be her
	layer_4: sir said she when think es tiu that djerained will be here
	layer_6: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraintd will be here
	layer_8: sir said she when thinkest thou that jerante will be here
	layer_10: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerand will be here
	layer_12: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerand will be here

file: 3660-172182-0013.flac
expected: to morrow lady i think he will be here with the maiden
	layer_2: tomor lae mi think you wll be hear wat the matin
	layer_4: to mor a la i think you will be here hat the matn
	layer_6: tomorolat i think you will be here wit the maiden
	layer_8: to morrowlay i think you will be here wit the maiten
	layer_10: to morrow a i think you will be here with the maiten
	layer_12: to morrow ay i think you will be here with the maiten

file: 3660-172182-0014.flac
expected: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_2: i am lord said he nd have met with much trouble and received woons unsupportable
	layer_4: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wouns unsupportable
	layer_6: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_8: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_10: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_12: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable

file: 3660-172182-0015.flac
expected: well said arthur from what i hear it behooves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_2: well ill oathere for what i hereit bewhose gnver to be musvul toods the
	layer_4: well sallaut there fom what i her it behose guinver to be mercful towrds thee
	layer_6: well hell auther from what i hear it be whose guinver to be merceful towards thee
	layer_8: well telarthur from what i hear it bewhose gwinever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_10: well tell arthur from what i hear it bewhose gweniver to be merciful towards thee
	layer_12: well tell arthur from what i hear it bewhose gwinniver to be merciful towards thee

file: 3660-172182-0016.flac
expected: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_2: the mershe which thou desirias lod said she wil i gran to him since it isas ensulting to the that an insult should be offer to me as to thyself
	layer_4: the mercy which thou desirous lod said she will i grant to him since it iz is insulting to the that an inseult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_6: the mercy which thou desirous lord said she will i grant to him since it is is insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_8: the mercy which thou desires lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_10: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_12: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself

file: 3660-172182-0017.flac
expected: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_2: thus wll be bes todo saidlather lethis man hade matcerocare entill i be knowne whether he mayn liv
	layer_4: thus will t be best to dose said ather let this man have metical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_6: thus will it be best to dose said authur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_8: thus will it be best to do said athur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_10: thus will it be best to do said athur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_12: thus will it be best to do said athur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live

file: 3660-172182-0018.flac
expected: to guenever and her handmaidens said he
	layer_2: to gwever n her han maidein said he
	layer_4: to gever indher hand madeen said he
	layer_6: to get of her in her hand madeen said he
	layer_8: to guee of her in her hand maiden said he
	layer_10: to guee her in her hand maiden said he
	layer_12: to gueve her in her hand maiden said he

file: 3660-172182-0019.flac
expected: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_2: and the stueteof the househol so orded her
	layer_4: in the stud of the househol so orded her
	layer_6: in the stod of the househol so orderd her
	layer_8: ind the stude of the household so ordered her
	layer_10: and the stud of the household so ordered her
	layer_12: and the stude of the household so ordered her

file: 3660-172182-0020.flac
expected: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seem'd so like his own of modred arthur's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_2: and being young he chaged himself and gruw to hate the sin that seemedo so like as on of modred ut thes nehfew and fhell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_4: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his on of madred ot hoe's nephew and fell ot last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_6: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred at the's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_8: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred athor's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_10: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred atho's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_12: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred atho's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king

file: 3660-172182-0021.flac
expected: and when geraint came to the place where guenever was he saluted her
	layer_2: it when durand came to the place woa onet of er was he soloted her
	layer_4: an when durained came to the place weguone of her was he saluted her
	layer_6: and when juraine came to the place wig wine of her was he saluted her
	layer_8: and when jorane came to the place wheg ine of her was he saluted her
	layer_10: and when joraine came to the place where one of her was he saluted her
	layer_12: and when joraine came to the place where one of her was he saluted her

file: 3660-172182-0022.flac
expected: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_2: the they wente in in dhismounted
	layer_4: then they went in in dismounted
	layer_6: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_8: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_10: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_12: then they went in and dismounted

file: 3660-172182-0023.flac
expected: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_2: heaven protacthy said ather and the walkm of haven be unteo the
	layer_4: heaven protect thee said ather and the walcom of haven be unter thee
	layer_6: heaven protect thee said arther and the walcime of heaven be unto thee
	layer_8: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_10: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_12: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee

file: 3660-172182-0024.flac
expected: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edeyrn the son of nudd thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_2: and in is much as thou has vankuishd ednuran the son of nod thou has had a prospros karea
	layer_4: and in his much as thoug hast vanquished edneyron the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous carea
	layer_6: and ind asmuch as thou hast vanquished edniyran the son of nud thou hast had a prosperus carea
	layer_8: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednirin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous carea
	layer_10: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edniron the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_12: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednron the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career

file: 3660-172182-0025.flac
expected: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_2: and from that time to became has wife
	layer_4: and from that time tou became is wife
	layer_6: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_8: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_10: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_12: and from that time she became his wife

file: 3660-172182-0026.flac
expected: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_2: and the madend took upherabod in the pouse and she had many companioens both menan woman and hei was no madten more stteemed thand she in the island o brittn
	layer_4: and the maid ent took up her aboat in the pose and she had many companions both men an women and ier was no maden more steeamed than she in the island of britoen
	layer_6: and the maiden took up her aboat in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and ire was no maiden more  steamed than she in the island of britain
	layer_8: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and tet was no maiden more esteeamed than she in the island of britain
	layer_10: and the maiden took up her abodein the palace and she had many companions both men and women and it was no maiden more esteeam than she in the island of britain
	layer_12: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and it was no maiden more esteeam than she in the island of brittain

file: 3660-172182-0027.flac
expected: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_2: and e year and a second ana third he proceeated thus untillhis fain had flone over the face of the king dom
	layer_4: and ha year and a sacond ana third he proceeded thus until his fain had flowne over the face of the kingdom
	layer_6: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_8: and a year and a second and a third he preceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_10: and a year and a second and a third he preceded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_12: and a year and a second and a third he preceded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom

file: 3660-172182-0028.flac
expected: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_2: and he greeats the well has an uncle sheul greet his neph ow and as a vasle shoul greet his lod
	layer_4: and he greets the well has an uncle should greeet his neghewu and as a vase should greeet his lord
	layer_6: and he greets the well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vasel should greet his lord
	layer_8: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should gree his lord
	layer_10: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_12: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord

file: 3660-172182-0029.flac
expected: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covet his land and possessions
	layer_2: and the eigh bring chiefs knowing mtiss growinclentard him and covit his land ind posessions
	layer_4: and the naigbring chiefs knowing this grow incelen towrd him and covered his land and possessions
	layer_6: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolen toward him andcovered his land in possessions
	layer_8: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_10: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_12: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions

file: 3660-172182-0030.flac
expected: and arthur told geraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_2: and othe told yurand the cause of the mistion an of the coming of the imbasites to him out of colm wall truely said jraint be a to mi ivantagoa dicavanage lod i will do according to thy well concerning assempisy
	layer_4: and out the told yurant the cause of the mission and of the coming of the embassatis to him out of con wall truly said jraint be at te myidvantag oa disadvantage lod i will do according to thy will concerningthe sempasy
	layer_6: and arte told yuraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassatos to him out of colnwall truly said jeraintd be it to my advantag yor disadvantage lord i will do according to thy well concerning thesempacy
	layer_8: and arthe told yoe aunt the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassagors to him out of cornwall truly said jrant be it to my advantage our disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning thes empasy
	layer_10: and ather told yourain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said jerante be it to my advantage our disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embasy
	layer_12: and arther told yorain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said jerante be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embasy

file: 3660-172182-0031.flac
expected: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_2: what discouse said gone over t i hea between you
	layer_4: what discourse said gonover to i her between you
	layer_6: what discourse said gonover do i here between you
	layer_8: what discourse said genover do i her between you
	layer_10: what discourse said genover do i hear between you
	layer_12: what discourse said genover do i hear between you

file: 3660-172182-0032.flac
expected: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_2: said durainet i think isihol have a nough of naght od with me and they sat forth
	layer_4: said deraint i think i shall have enough of nighthood with me and they sat forth
	layer_6: said deraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_8: said deraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_10: said jerrainte i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_12: said jorrainte i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth

file: 3660-172182-0033.flac
expected: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severn
	layer_2: and never was tis seen afairihos jornying toadste severen
	layer_4: and never was a seene a faira host journing towards a severegn
	layer_6: and never was thie seen a fara host journeying towards ta sevren
	layer_8: and never was there seen a fara host journeying towards te severn
	layer_10: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the savern
	layer_12: and never was there seen a faire host journeying towards the savern

file: 3660-172182-0034.flac
expected: and he said to geraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominion for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_2: and he saidte jurant i am a feeble an anageed man and wallst i was able to meintein the demens for the in o myself i dit so
	layer_4: and he said to duraint i am a feeble in an aged man and walst i was able to maintain the demeons for thee in for myself y did so
	layer_6: and he said to duraint i am a feeble in an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the demeains for thee in for myself my did so
	layer_8: and he said to jerant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the demiaons for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_10: and he said to jerrant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintainthe deminons for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_12: and he said to jerrant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintainthe deminions for thee and for myself i did so

file: 3660-172182-0035.flac
expected: and every one asked that which he desired
	layer_2: and thever one ouske that whac he desided
	layer_4: and tevery one osked that what she desided
	layer_6: and every one asked that which she desired
	layer_8: and every one asked that which she desired
	layer_10: and everyone asked that which she desired
	layer_12: and everyony asked that which she desired

file: 3660-172182-0036.flac
expected: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_2: and they wen not long ng giving so eacuar was every ondto besto gis and af those wo came to askivs none d upotted unsatitsfiede
	layer_4: and they wele not long iand giving so eagur was every one ter besto gifts and of those who came to ask ifs none depoted onsatisfied
	layer_6: and they were not long an giving so eaga was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to askgifts none deported unsatisfied
	layer_8: and they were not long in giving so egr was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_10: and they were not long in giving so eagere was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_12: and they were not long in giving so eage was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied

file: 3660-172182-0037.flac
expected: then geraint sent ambassadors to the men of cornwall to ask them this
	layer_2: then draints and am basses to the men of cornwao to aske thmess
	layer_4: then jraints and ambasses to the men of corn whil to aske themiss
	layer_6: then geraintsend embasses to the men of corn wale to ask themis
	layer_8: then jerant send embasses to the men of cornwall to ask themis
	layer_10: then gerrante send ambassets to the men of cornwall to ask themiss
	layer_12: then gerrante send ambassats to the men of cornwall to ask themiss

file: 3660-172182-0038.flac
expected: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_2: and they allsaid that i would be the fulnese of joon oer to them for urain to comon receiv their armege
	layer_4: and they all said that it would be the fullness of jo an hono to them for jiraint to com and receive their armage
	layer_6: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joyyan hono to them for jeraint to come and receive their ormage
	layer_8: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honour to them for jeraint to come and receive their omage
	layer_10: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honor to them for gerraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_12: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honor to them for gerraint to come and receive their homage

file: 3660-172182-0039.flac
expected: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_2: so he receiv the aomege of such as where theer
	layer_4: so he received the ormage of such as were thre
	layer_6: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_8: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_10: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_12: so he received the homage of such as were there

file: 3660-172182-0040.flac
expected: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_2: and the day aftr the followas of ather intened to goway
	layer_4: and the day after the follows of ather intended to goway
	layer_6: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away
	layer_8: and the day after the follows of authur intended to go away
	layer_10: and the day after the follows of arthour intended to go away
	layer_12: and the day after the followers of arthour intended to go away

file: 116-288048-0000.flac
expected: a number of other dates were observed by the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gospels give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_2: and thember o other dayts were observe wut t a crischen church af verioust times as the berty ojeses the gos was give no date and a bear to be quite an certain really ingnor abot it
	layer_4: a nember of other dats were observed wor the crischian church of verious times is the birty objesus the goss was give no date and apear to be quite ancertain really ignor about it
	layer_6: a number of other dates were observed whir the christhian church of various times as the birty of jesus the gosst was give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_8: a number of other dates were observed wher the christian church of various times as the birtday of jesus the gos was given no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_10: a number of other dates were observed wore the christian church at various times is the birthday of jesus the gots was given no date and appeare to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_12: a number of other dates were observed were the christian church at various times is the birthday of jesus the goths was given no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it

file: 116-288048-0001.flac
expected: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_2: yef there is no evirden thy he was born o that day
	layer_4: yet there is no evidence that he was bornon that day
	layer_6: yef there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_8: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_10: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_12: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day

file: 116-288048-0002.flac
expected: why this discrepancy in a historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_2: why teis discreckmet see in  his storcla docciument to say nohing abol in speration
	layer_4: why t is discrectment te ind his storical document to say nothing abot inspiration
	layer_6: why is discrectmentsey inthe historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_8: why does discractmency inthe historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_10: why does discracmancy in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_12: why does discracmency in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration

file: 116-288048-0003.flac
expected: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant messiah
	layer_2: again matou says that to oxcae the egle isinds of harid maryiin josee withe infentjesus fleainto egept loks as nothing about his heryde flight nor of harids intantion o kil ti infat de sie
	layer_4: again matew says that to excape the eble disigns of haried maryan josipe wit the infant jesus fled into egypt loops has nothing about this hurig flight nor of hairids intantion to kill the infentdecsia
	layer_6: again matthie says that to escape the egle designs of hered maryan joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lops has nothing about this hurrid flight nor of hariod's intention to kill the infant desiah
	layer_8: again matthew says that to escape the egil designs of herod mari and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lop says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant dessiah
	layer_10: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mariand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lupe says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant dessiah
	layer_12: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mariand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lupe says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant dessiah

file: 116-288048-0004.flac
expected: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_2: fhn he coume to the more importan chafppers a odgeses whe et wi guitter diffi cultes
	layer_4: ben he come to them more important chaperts oboajesos we meat with quiter difficulties
	layer_6: we mwe come to them more important chapers ofbaut jesus we meet with quiter difficulties
	layer_8: when we come to the more important chapers about jeses we meet with gretter difficulties
	layer_10: when we come to the more important chaters about jesephs we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_12: when we come to the more important chapters about jesehs we meet with greater difficulties

file: 116-288048-0005.flac
expected: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_2: wy is always on afrieda that the crusficties comimerated the weaken which the day accurs very eme geur e year
	layer_4: whyly is always on afrida that te crusfictions commimeorated the weakin which the day occurs verys frmegeure to year
	layer_6: whilel is always on afriday that the crusfiction is commemorated the weak in which the day occur s varies from eur to year
	layer_8: while is always on a friday that the crucificion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_10: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_12: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year

file: 116-288048-0006.flac
expected: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon allows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun in the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_2: good frida fals not before this prin equrenoxs but as soin afor thi sprain equlenonxc as the folre mon lols thust making tha cauculatiin to doepain upon the position of the sn ind hiziltieck and the faes of the moon
	layer_4: good frada fals not before thispring equenoxs but as soon after th spring equnoc as the fullmoon lolvs thus making the coculation to depind upon the position of the sun n ezildiec and the pfasces of the moon
	layer_6: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equnox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depen upon the position of the sun an the zildiec and the pases of the moon
	layer_8: good friday falls not before the spring equonox but as soon after the spring equonox is the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodie and the phases of the moon
	layer_10: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon louves thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodyac and the phases of the moon
	layer_12: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lolves thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodyac and the phases of the moon

file: 116-288048-0007.flac
expected: the pagan oestera has become the christian easter
	layer_2: the pakon osteaia has ecome echristian easter
	layer_4: the paken orsteria has become to cristian easter
	layer_6: the pacoan ousteria has become the christian easter
	layer_8: the pacan austeria has become a christian easter
	layer_10: the pacan austeria has become a christian easter
	layer_12: the pacan austeria has become a christian easter

file: 116-288048-0008.flac
expected: but in the absence of evidence origin offers the following metaphysical arguments against the sceptical celsus one
	layer_2: that in the abtince of evdencs organ offers of folly medifans fl argigments aginsis epticalselses one
	layer_4: but in the absence of evidence organ offers of follew medipancical arguments againtis kiptical celses one
	layer_6: but in the absence of evidence orgin offers of follwn medifincical arguments againsthes keptical ceses one
	layer_8: but in the absence of evidence origin offers of following metaphysical arguments against the ceptical celsis one
	layer_10: but in the absence of evidence origin offers of following metaphsical arguments against the ceptical celsas one
	layer_12: but in the absence of evidence origin offers of following metaphysical arguments against the ceptical celsas one

file: 116-288048-0009.flac
expected: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mythus of jesus
	layer_2: if we are tom have any mitholegt all he seemes to ar u why o jec to atin tuit the mis of jesus
	layer_4: if we are to have any mythologit all he seems to argu why object to adding to it the mies of jesus
	layer_6: if we are to have any mytholog it all he seems to argue why object to addin to it the miss of jesus
	layer_8: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_10: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_12: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus

file: 116-288048-0010.flac
expected: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_2: the imedtit companons of jeses apper to be on mether hand as miftfi golas he is imdself
	layer_4: the immed it companions of jeses appear to be on tether hand as mitthi glas he is himself
	layer_6: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on n eother hand as mitglas he is himself
	layer_8: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_10: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_12: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself

file: 116-288048-0011.flac
expected: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_2: ho was mathfou hor was mark
	layer_4: who was mathew who was mark
	layer_6: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_8: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_10: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_12: who was matthew who was mark

file: 116-288048-0012.flac
expected: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_2: ho were john peter jutus and mary
	layer_4: who were john peter judis and mary
	layer_6: who were john peter judis and marry
	layer_8: who were john peter judas and mery
	layer_10: who were john peter judas and mery
	layer_12: who were john peter judas and mery

file: 116-288048-0013.flac
expected: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_2: there is abtuuatly no evidenc that they ever existed
	layer_4: there is abtuatly no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_6: there is apbtentely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_8: there is abtuately no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_10: there is absently no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_12: there is absently no evidence that they ever existed

file: 116-288048-0014.flac
expected: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_2: if feter ever went o ron with anhiw dockrin hous at that no historyin has take e not ovf him
	layer_4: i peter ever went to roan withthe new doctron housat that no historian has takee note of him
	layer_6: if peter ever went to rome with ha new doctrine hows it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_8: if peter ever went to rome with the new doctrine how's it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_10: if peter ever went to rome with the new doctrine how's it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_12: if peter ever went to rome with the new doctrine how's it that no historian has taken note of him

file: 116-288048-0015.flac
expected: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_2: he r agan we see the present e of a mis
	layer_4: here again we see the presentce of a mits
	layer_6: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_8: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_10: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_12: here again we see the presence of a myth

file: 116-288048-0016.flac
expected: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_2: he was the oy on hi sat hem
	layer_4: he was the oly whant his saw them
	layer_6: he was the only want has saw them
	layer_8: he was the only one i saw them
	layer_10: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_12: he was the only one who saw them

file: 116-288048-0017.flac
expected: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_2: peter pall jown jams jutus oc epy the stage onlmos exschusively
	layer_4: teter paull john james jutis accupy the stage al mos exchusively
	layer_6: teter paul john james judis occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_8: teter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_10: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_12: peter paul john james judacs occupy the stage almost exclusively

file: 116-288048-0018.flac
expected: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_2: it is imposul to explaind whi the contimpraryds of jesus the athers ind the hias stor iansuf the se time you not tak notic of him
	layer_4: it is impousul to explained whi the contemporariets of jesus the authors in the his storyi an sof thse time you not take notice of him
	layer_6: it is impossble to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the history ansofrthehis time you not take notice of him
	layer_8: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors ind the historian soffer hs time do not take notice of him
	layer_10: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_12: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians off his time do not take notice of him

file: 116-288048-0019.flac
expected: could they have been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_2: fou the had been a conspiercy aainst him
	layer_4: for they had been i a conspercy againstd him
	layer_6: for they had been in a conspercy against him
	layer_8: for they had been in a conspircy against him
	layer_10: for they had been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_12: for they had been in a conspiracy against him

file: 116-288048-0020.flac
expected: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_2: howis is his i menim a soensd b acounledfor
	layer_4: howucas his emanimous siene o b acountnet for
	layer_6: how es is hihs a manimoas sience to be accounteet for
	layer_8: how els is his amanimous scilence to be accounted for
	layer_10: howels is his amanimous science to b accounted for
	layer_12: howels is his manimous scilence to be accounted for

file: 116-288048-0021.flac
expected: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_2: how thend a we to deside which a ther a numorust kennedtets for tivine honor should be givmin ar voates
	layer_4: how then are we to decideo which other anumerous kenedtits for divine honor should be give en our vots
	layer_6: how then are we to decideo which oether a numerous kenedates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_8: how then are we to decide which oe theinumerous canedetes for divine honours should be given our votes
	layer_10: how then are we to decide which  the numerous canedetes for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_12: how then are we to decide which  the numerous candidetes for divine honors should be given our votes

file: 116-288048-0022.flac
expected: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell fire hereafter
	layer_2: and such a fath is never free  is always main taim but a sord now and by hel far heraftern
	layer_4: and such a faith is never free it is always maintan but ha sword now and by healt far here after
	layer_6: and such a faith is never free it is always maintain but the sword now and by health far hereafter
	layer_8: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by health far hereafter
	layer_10: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by health far hereafter
	layer_12: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by health far hereafter

file: 116-288048-0023.flac
expected: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jesus mouth
	layer_2: yet the ost im possul uternces are pu ein uous mouth
	layer_4: yet the most impossible utderances are putin e his mouth
	layer_6: yet the most impossible utterances are puteindjes mouth
	layer_8: yet the most impossible utterances are put in deh's mouth
	layer_10: yet the most impossible utterances are put inti's mouth
	layer_12: yet the most impossible utterances are put inti's mouth

file: 116-288048-0024.flac
expected: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the universe to courtiers who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_2: onl e mithiclgeses condvertualy hand ove t a gom a evers tecorters who have petations to pressipon his attention
	layer_4: only imythicl gesus coldvertully hand over the goerm arl evers to qurters who have petations to press upon his attention
	layer_6: only a mythical jesus condvirtualy hand over the goverm ar he everse to quarters who have petations to press upon his attention
	layer_8: only a mythical jesus couldvirtually hand over the governmentof he uverse to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_10: only a mythical jesis could virtually hand over the government of he inverse to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_12: only a mythical jesis could virtually hand over the government of the inverse to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention

file: 116-288048-0025.flac
expected: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_2: morover ivf jisous col keep his promas there would be to day no miseryin the world no orfpans no child es mothers no shiprecks no flods no fanmnens no izeas no cripled children now an sante no wars no crime no rong
	layer_4: more over ife desus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childess mothers no shiperecs no floods no famons no diszease no cripled children no ancanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_6: moreover if jezus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childest mothers no shipwreks no floods no famines no disease no cripled children no incenity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_8: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childessh mothers no shipwrechs no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_10: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childlissh mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_12: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childlissh mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong

file: 116-288048-0026.flac
expected: have these prayers been answered
	layer_2: havhis prairs bean answered
	layer_4: havyese prayers been answered
	layer_6: havese prayers been answered
	layer_8: heavy's prayeras been answered
	layer_10: heavy's prayer has been answered
	layer_12: heavy's prayer has been answered

file: 116-288048-0027.flac
expected: how many self deluded prophets these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_2: howhe self t o luav profatcs these axtravingat clamcs he paroducet
	layer_4: how me self di lue propfete these extraving at claims have produced
	layer_6: how me self delude prophits these extravingent claims have produced
	layer_8: how many self deluted profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_10: how many self deluded profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_12: how many self deluded profits these extravagant claims have produced

file: 116-288048-0028.flac
expected: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_2: an who cen numbwere the biter ges ufppoitments cause by sich in posipil promises
	layer_4: a who can number the bitter iuseappointments caused by such inpossibl promises
	layer_6: and who can number the bittergestappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_8: and who can number the bitterdisappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_10: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_12: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises

file: 116-288048-0029.flac
expected: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_2: the sanmg which appreatres of to daya givf he parried his ance with many words nd at leng said at the promie was retaking with the provision theat whil we ast fore would beguvan ive go toght it for u good
	layer_4: the samg which a preacures of to day agive he paried his anse with many words and at lengt said hat the promie was retaking with the provision that whalt we asked for would begiven ife go thougt it for our good
	layer_6: the sane which the preacheres of to day give he parred his answer with many words and at lenkth said that the promise was retaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_8: the sane which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_10: the sane which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was o be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_12: the sang which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good

file: 116-288048-0030.flac
expected: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_2: fur he said if yo askienthliyg an my name i will do it and if it we not so i would have told you
	layer_4: put he said if you ask inthhiyg in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_6: but he said if hoe ask anthing in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_8: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_10: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_12: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you

file: 116-288048-0031.flac
expected: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_2: taet he not mean just whe he said
	layer_4: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_6: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_8: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_10: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_12: did he not mean just what he said

file: 116-288048-0032.flac
expected: self effort and not prayer is the remedy against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_2: self effeort and not praer is a rimi agains ignents slavery poverty and more degridation
	layer_4: self effort and not prayer is a remt against ingerance slavery poverty ind more degredation
	layer_6: self effort and not prayer is a remied against ignorance slavery poverty in morl degradation
	layer_8: self effort and not prayer is a remaed against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_10: self effort and not prayer is a remaed against ignorance slavery poverty ind moral degradation
	layer_12: self effort and not prayer is a remated against ignorance slavery poverty ind moral degradation

file: 116-288046-0000.flac
expected: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_2: but i an betermn not olyg e now if it his possible the whole true h obout esus but alse to communicate that troue fhuhoathers
	layer_4: but i am betermin not only gto know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that trueh throw others
	layer_6: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth tro others
	layer_8: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_10: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_12: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others

file: 116-288046-0001.flac
expected: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_2: bu there is more of a moral toni c an the open in cantte disgussion of a subjet lik the one an hand then in the moultitude o platitides
	layer_4: but there is more of a moral tonic an the open incande discussion of a subjecth like the one in hand than in the multitude o platitudes
	layer_6: but there is more of a moraltonic and the open ancanda discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_8: but there is more of a mor altonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_10: but there is more of a moraltonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_12: but there is more of a moraltonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes

file: 116-288046-0002.flac
expected: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_2: i never deliver lecture in which a o not geia directly or inderectly gif fu ind frax spresion t my fate and everything thas worly affhae
	layer_4: i never deliver ilecture in which i do not gita directly or inderectlly give full infre expression to my faith in everything that is worly of fath
	layer_6: i never delive r a lecture in which i do not get a directly or indirectly give full infre expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_8: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not geither directly or indirectly give full and fre expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_10: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full in free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_12: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full in free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith

file: 116-288046-0003.flac
expected: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_2: if i t hou not belev endogmar is becauas i bleve in freethom
	layer_4: if i do not believe en dagma is because i blieve an freedom
	layer_6: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_8: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_10: if i do not believe in dogma t is because i believe in freedom
	layer_12: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom

file: 116-288046-0004.flac
expected: oh he tears down but does not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_2: oh he ters down tuer hes not buld up is an other crises n oa but my work it is not true
	layer_4: oh he ters down but he's not build up is another cris ism about my work it is not true
	layer_6: oh he tears down but he's not build up is another crisism about my work it is not true
	layer_8: oh he tears down but he is not built up is another ciristism about my work it is not true
	layer_10: oh he tears down but he's not built up is another critcism about my work it is not true
	layer_12: oh he tears down but he's not built up is another criticism about my work it is not true

file: 116-288046-0005.flac
expected: no preacher or priest is more constructive
	layer_2: no preture appretes more construpctive
	layer_4: no preature appreat is more constructive
	layer_6: no preachere a preat is more constructive
	layer_8: no preacher aprit is more constructive
	layer_10: no preacher a prit is more constructive
	layer_12: no preacher a priet is more constructive

file: 116-288046-0006.flac
expected: clapping truth into jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_2: classherang truth in jal gaging the mou f he stouned is at bildin uup ortarring down
	layer_4: clasrin truth in jail gagg ing the mouth of the stuonet is that buildingnup ortaring down
	layer_6: clasping truth ina jail gagging the mouth of the stodet is that building up or taring down
	layer_8: clasping truth in a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_10: clasping truth in a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_12: clasping truth in a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down

file: 116-288046-0007.flac
expected: when bruno lighted a new torch to increase the light of the world what was his reward the stake
	layer_2: when brin al lid a new torch to and crease a li of the world whot was is e word the stake
	layer_4: when brinnel light a new torch to increase ta lie of the world phot was his eword the stake
	layer_6: when brinnel liht a new torch to increase the lie of the world but was his fewoard the stake
	layer_8: when brynnol liged a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his ard the stake
	layer_10: when brinnol liged a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his feward the stake
	layer_12: when brinno liged a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his fruward the stake

file: 116-288046-0008.flac
expected: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_2: cout your rihtes politicl religieus social intelectal antellmy which of them was coqkored fore you by e priest
	layer_4: count your rites political religious social intellectual intell me which of them was coqurt for yu by the prest
	layer_6: count your rihtes political religious social intellectual an tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_8: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_10: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_12: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest

file: 116-288046-0009.flac
expected: i wish to tell you something
	layer_2: i wicsh a tel you something
	layer_4: i which a tell you something
	layer_6: i wich o tell you something
	layer_8: i wish to tell you something
	layer_10: i wish to tell you something
	layer_12: i wish to tell you something

file: 116-288046-0010.flac
expected: but first let us be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_2: tbe first eless be impersonal the oppat its i reverent glass omer ahiest and infitdell a flung in a man not ferom pity be from indty
	layer_4: but first less be impersonal the apothits irreverent glaspfomer einhthiest and infidel ar flungen a man not from peity but from invy
	layer_6: but first less be impersonal the epathits irreverent glasphomer anthiest and infidel are flungin a man not from pity but from invy
	layer_8: but first less be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphomer athiest and infidel are flung in a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_10: but first ltets be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung in a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_12: but first lets be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung in a man not from pity but from envy

file: 116-288046-0011.flac
expected: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wetting the open page before him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_2: nont havin t a curageor the indistory of our neghbor who works like a busy be in the world of mien an books searchin with a swead of his brou for the reall bread of life whet in e open page offore him with his tears pushinto the we hours the night his quest and ma ed but a fairiset of all loves the leve of truth we ease are own indelent consciencs y klin him names
	layer_4: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy be in the world o men an books searching with a swead of his brow for the real bread of life whet hin the open page offored him with his tears pushin ito the we hours of the night his quest and ma d but a fairist of all loves the love of truth we ease oure own indolant conscience by callin him names
	layer_6: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world o men and books searching with the swead of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page aford him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest andimated byt the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_8: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page aford him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_10: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life what in the open page afford him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_12: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life what in the open page afford him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names

file: 116-288045-0000.flac
expected: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups wending their way hither and thither
	layer_2: as i a prose o city i heard bels rmanging and la later i fon the street a stir with throngs of weldrest people in family grups whyn ding ther way hither indither
	layer_4: as i approse the city i heard bels renging and alitl later i found the streets ao stir with throngs of wel dresst people in family groups winding their way hither in dither
	layer_6: as i approch the city i heard bells ringing and alil later i found the streets of stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hitherand thither
	layer_8: as i approached the city i heardt bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_10: as i approached the city i heard t bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_12: as i approached the city i heard the bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither

file: 116-288045-0001.flac
expected: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_2: look ing about me i saw dgentlement in a neaet black dress smiling and his han extininto me with great or s iality
	layer_4: looking about me i saw egentlement in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extene to me with great corgiality
	layer_6: looking about me i saw a gentlemen in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great corgiality
	layer_8: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_10: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_12: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality

file: 116-288045-0002.flac
expected: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_2: he must hae rillas ow as astranger and whishe e tinere his hosbitallhy to me i ecepte at gratefully i clasd his hand he pressed mine
	layer_4: he must have reillased i was a stranger and wished totindor his hosbital he to me i accept ed at gratefully i clased his hand he pressed mine
	layer_6: he must have reallized i was a stranger and wished to tinder his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_8: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_10: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_12: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine

file: 116-288045-0003.flac
expected: we gazed for a moment silently into each other's eyes
	layer_2: we gazsed for momas lihtlainto e to therseyes
	layer_4: we gazed fora momes lightleinto ea others eyes
	layer_6: we gazed for a momets lightly in to each other's eyes
	layer_8: we gazed for a moments lightly into each other's eyes
	layer_10: we gazed for a moment lightly into each other's eyes
	layer_12: we gazed for a moment lightly into each other's eyes

file: 116-288045-0004.flac
expected: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_2: of core youre going theire too i said t my friemtily gid
	layer_4: of course youare going their too i said to my friendly guid
	layer_6: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_8: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_10: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_12: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide

file: 116-288045-0005.flac
expected: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_2: yes hanswered i cannot the worsho i am a priest
	layer_4: yes he answered i cannuck the worsha i am appriest
	layer_6: yes he answered i connuct the worship i am a priest
	layer_8: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_10: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_12: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest

file: 116-288045-0006.flac
expected: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_2: tan idl i wiseret tak in my s urprise
	layer_4: tan idl i whisperet takein by surprise
	layer_6: ten idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_8: enidole i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_10: en idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_12: an idol i whispered taken by surprise

file: 116-288045-0007.flac
expected: they worshipped gods that did not exist
	layer_2: they wore sham god that id note exist
	layer_4: they wer shamp god they did not exist
	layer_6: they worship god they did not exist
	layer_8: they worship god they did not exist
	layer_10: they worshiped god they did not exist
	layer_12: they worshiped god they did not exist

file: 116-288045-0008.flac
expected: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamoring in my breast
	layer_2: bhut the greeaksloved their gods o protisted my hear clamyan my brest
	layer_4: but the greeeks loved their gods i protisted my heart clamre my breast
	layer_6: but the greeks love their gods i protested my heart clamry n my breast
	layer_8: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamoryin my breast
	layer_10: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamor in my breast
	layer_12: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamour in my breast

file: 116-288045-0009.flac
expected: no i said in a low voice
	layer_2: no i said in a loe voice
	layer_4: no i said in a low voice
	layer_6: no i said in a low voice
	layer_8: no i said in a low voice
	layer_10: no i said in a low voice
	layer_12: no i said in a low voice

file: 116-288045-0010.flac
expected: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_2: he was an iton thin and not a god
	layer_4: he was an eidl then and not agod
	layer_6: he was an idle thin and not a god
	layer_8: he was an idole then and not a god
	layer_10: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_12: he was an idol then and not a god

file: 116-288045-0011.flac
expected: it made athens a city of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_2: i made afansta se of light a crated the beauful the tre the good yes arerligin wasdef ine
	layer_4: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes are eligion was divine
	layer_6: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our eligion was divine
	layer_8: it made athen o see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_10: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_12: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine

file: 116-288045-0012.flac
expected: it had only one fault interrupted my guide what was that
	layer_2: that had only on fault and trope to my gid what was that
	layer_4: that had only one fault and troped to my guide what was that
	layer_6: that had only one fault antroede my guide what was that
	layer_8: that had only one fault entroke my guide what was that
	layer_10: that had only one fault introced my guide what was that
	layer_12: that it had only one fault introcted my guide what was that

file: 116-288045-0013.flac
expected: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_2: i aiequired without knoine what his answerwould be it was not tru
	layer_4: i emquired without knowine whit his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_6: i inquired without noine wit his answer would be it was not true
	layer_8: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_10: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_12: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true

file: 116-288045-0014.flac
expected: produce him
	layer_2: prdu shim
	layer_4: prdue im
	layer_6: produsim
	layer_8: produce him
	layer_10: produce im
	layer_12: produce im

file: 116-288045-0015.flac
expected: i whispered to myself what blasphemy
	layer_2: i wishem to myself what blass for me
	layer_4: i wish yeo to myself what blast for me
	layer_6: i wish yu to myself what blasfor me
	layer_8: i wish yo to myself what blasphe me
	layer_10: i wish yo to myself what blasphe my
	layer_12: i wish yo to myself what blaspher my

file: 116-288045-0016.flac
expected: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_2: thn taking heart i told my guiad how woredten once i had felt a polos radinat presencs in my heart and held him of the him mortl lineds of homer concernd e o yn apollow
	layer_4: then taking heart i told my guyd how more than once i had felt a pollows radi ant presence in my heart and hold him of the immordal lines of homeer concernd the divin apollow
	layer_6: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt a polla's radingat presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homeer concerng the divine apollo
	layer_8: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt appollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerningd the divine apollo
	layer_10: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presences in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerng the divine apollo
	layer_12: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo

file: 116-288045-0017.flac
expected: do you doubt homer
	layer_2: d you doubt home
	layer_4: do you doubt homer
	layer_6: do you doubt homer
	layer_8: do you doubt homer
	layer_10: do you doubt homer
	layer_12: do you doubt homer

file: 116-288045-0018.flac
expected: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_2: i saiyd to him hoemer the inspired bard
	layer_4: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_6: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_8: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_10: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_12: i said to him homer the inspired bard

file: 116-288045-0019.flac
expected: no no apollo is not an idol
	layer_2: no no a pollo was nmont anitol
	layer_4: no no apollow was not anitle
	layer_6: no no apolo as not an idle
	layer_8: no no apollo is not an idle
	layer_10: no no apollo is not an idol
	layer_12: no no apollo is not an idol

file: 116-288045-0020.flac
expected: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_2: he his a god and tha sun of ar god
	layer_4: he is agod and th son of a god
	layer_6: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_8: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_10: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_12: he is a god and the son of a god

file: 116-288045-0021.flac
expected: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_2: the ar was heavy with insence annumbr ovf manon corgies vessments were passing to in fro tow in inneling befor thav veriousulites and images
	layer_4: the air was heavy with insanse a number of men an corgies vestments were passing to in fro bouw in innealing before the various liets an images
	layer_6: the air was heavy with inctanse a number of men and corgeous vestments were passing to and fro bow in in keeling before the various lies and images
	layer_8: the air was heavy with incanse a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lihes and images
	layer_10: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lihes and images
	layer_12: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lihes and images

file: 116-288045-0022.flac
expected: observing my anxiety to understand the meaning of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful savior jesus the son of god
	layer_2: obzevryng my ingsi to understand the men of all this my gui tuok nmeas side and ina whispera told metof t e peop war silobryine aniversery of the birtty other ru tiful saur jesus the son of god
	layer_4: obsevering my nxi to understand the mean of all this my guiy took me aside and in a whisper told me that the peop were cillibraingthe aniversry of the birt thy otheir rutiful savure jesus the son of god
	layer_6: observering my anxie to understand the mean of all this my gui took me aside and in a whisper told me that the peope were cylebrat n the anniversary of the birth te of their beautiful savioure jesus the son of god
	layer_8: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthdy of their beautiful savioure jesus the son of god
	layer_10: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god
	layer_12: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god

file: 116-288045-0023.flac
expected: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severity in his voice
	layer_2: for gut upolow he said with his igetion of sevaritin his voice
	layer_4: forget a pollo he said with his ugesion of suverityng his voice
	layer_6: forget apollo he said with his agesion of severiting his voice
	layer_8: forget apollo he said with his suggestion of severiting his voice
	layer_10: forget apollo he said with hi saggestion of severiting his voice
	layer_12: forget apollo he said with hi saggestion of severiting his voice

file: 116-288045-0024.flac
expected: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_2: there is no such person he was only an idal
	layer_4: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_6: there is no such person he was only an idl
	layer_8: there is no such person he was only an idole
	layer_10: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_12: there is no such person he was only an idol

file: 116-288045-0025.flac
expected: if you were to search for apollo in all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_2: if you wouldhas sarch for a polowant all the invershe would never fined y one answering to his nawer discription
	layer_4: if yo wold a search for a pollowent all the univer he would never find  one answering to his nam woredescription
	layer_6: if hou wold asearch for a polient all the universe he would never find ae one answering to his name or description
	layer_8: if you wold asearch for a polant all the universe ye would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_10: if you would a search for apolloan all the universe hou would never find anyone answering to his name or description
	layer_12: if you would a search for apolyant all the universe yo would never find anyone answering to his name or description

file: 116-288045-0026.flac
expected: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_2: i wonltdis he jesous i haston turnin tward him
	layer_4: i wont as he jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_6: i want to se jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_8: i want to see jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_10: i want to see jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_12: i want to see jesus i hasten turning towards him

file: 116-288045-0027.flac
expected: will he not be here this morning
	layer_2: wh'l he not be here hismorning
	layer_4: whell he not be here dis morning
	layer_6: will he not be here tismorning
	layer_8: will he not be here this morning
	layer_10: will he not be here this morning
	layer_12: will he not be here this morning

file: 116-288045-0028.flac
expected: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_2: wilhe not speek to his worshpers i hast again
	layer_4: willhe not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_6: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_8: will he not speak to his worshipers i asked again
	layer_10: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_12: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again

file: 116-288045-0029.flac
expected: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhale the ambrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_2: wil heu nut her mit entutouch om to coress his hand to class was dovind feet to enhel the em brosial fragrentse of his breath to bask n a gold in lihd t his eyes to her tha music of his i maculat eccence
	layer_4: will he not permit into touch him to coress his hand to class wis devind feet to anhel the embrosial fragrance of his breath to bask an he golden light of his eyes to her themusic of his emaculate accence
	layer_6: will he not permit into touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to unhal the embrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his imaculate accents
	layer_8: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to inhel the embrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_10: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clas his divined feet to inhel the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_12: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clas his divine feet to inhel the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents

file: 116-288045-0030.flac
expected: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_2: i asktd my eyes fellwith wonder in my voice quivin ithex sitement
	layer_4: i asked my eyes fellwith wonder in my voice quivin with exsitment
	layer_6: i asked my eyes feel with wonder ind my voice quivring with excitement
	layer_8: i asked my eyes fil with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_10: i asked my eyes fiel with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_12: i asked my eyes fiel with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement

file: 116-288045-0031.flac
expected: would not that then i ventured to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_2: would not that then i bwenche to ask impatiently make desus as much ovf en idal is apolow
	layer_4: would not that then ievenched to ask impatiently make deasis as much of an idal is a pollow
	layer_6: would not that then i venched to ask impatiently make desis as much of an idol asapollo
	layer_8: would not that then i ventu to ask impatiently make jesis as much of an idole as apollo
	layer_10: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_12: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo

file: 116-288045-0032.flac
expected: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_2: and ef fath at esis is a gd prusom agod while il not fap in apolow makin agod
	layer_4: and i faitht at jesis is a god prusim agod why will not faith in a pollow make him agod
	layer_6: and i faith that jesus is a god proves im a god whye will not faith in a pollo make him a god
	layer_8: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_10: and i faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_12: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god

file: 116-288047-0000.flac
expected: a myth is a fanciful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_2: a math is a fansfor exanation of agvend fornomenon
	layer_4: a methis a fancefol exparnation of a given fenomenon
	layer_6: a meth a's a fance ful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_8: a meth is a fanceful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_10: a meth is a fanceful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_12: a meth is a fanceful explanation of a given phenomenon

file: 116-288047-0001.flac
expected: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an inborn desire to know
	layer_2: the mincrase fore knowlege the chilld as questions wecause ifanimbornyng desargt o now
	layer_4: the min crase for knowledge the chiwld ask questions ecause of an imborning desiregeto know
	layer_6: the mind crase for knowledge the child ask questions because of an imborning desire to know
	layer_8: the mind crase for knowledge the child asked questions because ofan unborning desire to know
	layer_10: the mind crases for knowledge the child askd questions because of an unborning desire to know
	layer_12: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an unborning desire to know

file: 116-288047-0002.flac
expected: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_2: nwan tmean they cancluosn of tostapity jother
	layer_4: now and then they can closing of to stapity g other
	layer_6: now and then they cam closin ouf to snapatyeach other
	layer_8: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_10: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_12: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other

file: 116-288047-0003.flac
expected: with this mythus the primitive man was satisfied until his developing intelligence realized its inadequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_2: with his mi those the promn to man was tatisfide and hi has developin iteligencs reallas its inaiquisy siecs was born of that redlazation
	layer_4: with this mithose the proome to man was tetisfied and ho has developin intelligence realas its innaniquacy science was born of that relazation
	layer_6: with this mithos the prome to man was tatisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inanoquacy science was borne of that relization
	layer_8: with this mythos the proome to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inaniquecy science was born of that relization
	layer_10: with this mythos the prum to man was satisfied and who has developding intelligence realized its inaiquacy science was born of that realization
	layer_12: with this mythos the prume to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inaniquacy science was born of that realization

file: 116-288047-0004.flac
expected: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindoos
	layer_2: the merth of a one ide people diven an india has an replace bey accur ifermatiin con ceryin tae hendes
	layer_4: the meth of a one ie people livin in india has an replace by acur information concerin the hindoes
	layer_6: the mith of a one eye people living an india has in replaced by accure information consering the hindows
	layer_8: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accura information concerning the hindos
	layer_10: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindoos
	layer_12: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindoos

file: 116-288047-0005.flac
expected: and this is precisely the use to which myths have been put
	layer_2: and mius prcisot the use to which mes have nin put
	layer_4: and missus procise o that use to which mies have eieim put
	layer_6: and missus preciseo tha use to which mits have en put
	layer_8: and missus precisely the use to which miths have ben put
	layer_10: and missus precisely the use to which mits have been put
	layer_12: and missus precisely the use to which mits have been put

file: 116-288047-0006.flac
expected: is jesus a myth
	layer_2: is yosami
	layer_4: is ui samit
	layer_6: is utisumminth
	layer_8: is utisomith
	layer_10: is judiamyth
	layer_12: is jutisamyth

file: 116-288047-0007.flac
expected: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_2: there is an manaffaculty forfiction
	layer_4: there is in man affaculty forfiction
	layer_6: there is in man of faculty for fiction
	layer_8: there is in man of faculty for fiction
	layer_10: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_12: there is in man a faculty for fiction

file: 116-288047-0008.flac
expected: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_2: if fhainse less in atguesses
	layer_4: if fins lest an it guesses
	layer_6: it thinks less han it guesses
	layer_8: it thinks less tan it guesses
	layer_10: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_12: it thinks less than it guesses

file: 116-288047-0009.flac
expected: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its restless spirit
	layer_2: it is reflection which nterduces o be into tha mouthof imagination carbingits pace and subdoin its elintlass spirit
	layer_4: it is reflection which introduces of be into he mouth of imagination curbingits pace and subdoing its re lentlesst spirt
	layer_6: it is reflection which introduces o be into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relintless spirit
	layer_8: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_10: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_12: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit

file: 116-288047-0010.flac
expected: we fill the space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings
	layer_2: we fhol e space abouan oderus ors spirits fairies gods an other in visilone ary bens
	layer_4: we fell ta space aboutand over us was spirits fairies gods an other in visibline ary bens
	layer_6: we feel a space about an over us with spirits fairies gods an other invisible and airy beangs
	layer_8: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beamgs
	layer_10: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beans
	layer_12: we feel te space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beans

file: 116-288047-0011.flac
expected: we covet the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_2: wbecouve at the rainbow we reachoupt for a moon
	layer_4: wbecove rt the rainbow we reach out for tha moon
	layer_6: wecovert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_8: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_10: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_12: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon

file: 116-288047-0012.flac
expected: our feet do not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_2: ur feete not rely begangn atouch o farm grown and  we have reach the years of descresstion
	layer_4: our feet not rely becn o touche ho firm groun and o we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_6: our feet not relly beging to touch the firm ground andtil we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_8: our feet not rellybeing to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_10: our feet not relybeing to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_12: our feet not relybeing to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion

file: 116-288047-0013.flac
expected: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_2: sience was not born til man and machurd
	layer_4: science was not borntil men an matured
	layer_6: science was not bor untill men had matured
	layer_8: science was not born till men had matured
	layer_10: science was not born till man had matured
	layer_12: science was not born till man had matured

file: 116-288047-0014.flac
expected: grown up people create science
	layer_2: gon ut people cre hi sins
	layer_4: gown ut people crea science
	layer_6: grown up people creaesd science
	layer_8: grown up people creaze science
	layer_10: grown up people creae science
	layer_12: grown up people creade science

file: 116-288047-0015.flac
expected: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and faiths of mankind
	layer_2: the credle is the woom if al the fairies and face an an kime
	layer_4: the credl is the woumb of all the fairies and face and mankime
	layer_6: the cradle is the wom of all the fairies and face and mankind
	layer_8: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies ind face a mankind
	layer_10: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face to mankind
	layer_12: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face o mankind

file: 116-288047-0016.flac
expected: the school is the birthplace of science
	layer_2: de school as the birs lase hes sigense
	layer_4: the school as the birth laceis sigence
	layer_6: the school is the birth placeis science
	layer_8: thi school is the birth places science
	layer_10: this school is the birthplaces science
	layer_12: this school is the birthplaces science

file: 116-288047-0017.flac
expected: religion is the science of the child
	layer_2: reliagin of the signstof the child
	layer_4: religin if the sinc of the child
	layer_6: religiong is the scienc of the child
	layer_8: religion is the science of the child
	layer_10: religion is the science of the child
	layer_12: religion is the science of the child

file: 116-288047-0018.flac
expected: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_2: in the discusi  of is sebject i apeil o themachure not to the child mind
	layer_4: in the discussi of gis subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_6: in the discussion of his subject i appealed to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_8: in the discussion of this subject i appeald to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_10: in the discussion of this subject i appeald to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_12: in the discussion of this subject i appealed to the mature not to the child mind

file: 116-288047-0019.flac
expected: he is god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_2: he has gosmough piece and no one ma disagree with him
	layer_4: he has gods mouth piece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_6: he as god's mouth pece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_8: he has god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_10: he as god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_12: he is god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him

file: 116-288047-0020.flac
expected: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_2: he onlyway i ma tomman ourespect is do e reasonable
	layer_4: the onlyway i make comman your respect is do e reasonable
	layer_6: the only way i maye command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_8: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_10: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_12: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable

file: 116-288047-0021.flac
expected: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_2: let us place or sellves andtarlyng the hands of the ovidence
	layer_4: let us place or selves and tirling the hands of the evidence
	layer_6: let us place our selves entireling the hands of the evidence
	layer_8: let us place ourselves entireling the hands of the evidence
	layer_10: let us place ourselves entirely the hands of the evidence
	layer_12: let us place ourselves entirely i the hands of the evidence

file: 116-288047-0022.flac
expected: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affection the devotion and the labor of humanity is a myth or a reality
	layer_2: as inteliegat bens woit disarcg now whar e this jeses hoise worshu as not ony costin the worlfp milians of the pekpls money bu hich is also drwind to his servis the time the ienrgies the affections lhet dovotions and the labricumaity is a minth or reality
	layer_4: as untelligent bens witd isiarige nowwhereof this jesus whose worsha is not only castin the world milians of the peoples money but wich is also drawing to his service the time the nergies the affections the devotions and the laboricumaty is a mynth or reality
	layer_6: as intelligent beings would disirag know wher this jesus whose worshure is not only costing the world he millions of the people's money but wich is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the la bore humaity is amyth or reality
	layer_8: as intelligent beings would desire to know wherer this jesus whose worshi is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labor humanity is a myth or reality
	layer_10: as intelligent beings we desire to know where this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labour humanity is a myth or reality
	layer_12: as intelligent beings woe desire to know where this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labourer humanity is a myth or reality

file: 8288-274150-0000.flac
expected: and again when the artist following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint aignan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quiet meditation they enjoyed together
	layer_2: and again whenlhy artest following malaqornsad vise wais a littlelate in ariving and whem saint agnan had been ablodges to be abson for som teme it was enteresting to observeto tsough noon witnes them those momets of silans full of deep expression which you nigted in one si to sols most di spose to understandathote and who byt kno means objected to the quite metatationly injoyd doget
	layer_4: and again when the artist following malacqornsedvise was a littlelate in arriving and whn saint agnan had been abloge to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe t thogh kno one witness them those moments af silence full of deep expression which united in one side to souls most ispose to understandaachother and who by no means objected to the quite meditationaly enjoyed to gether
	layer_6: and again when the artist following malacorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observet though no one witnessd them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite medetationally enjoyed together
	layer_8: and again when the artist following malacorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnent had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe the though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side to souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_10: and again when the artists following malicorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnen had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe that though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side to souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_12: and again when the artists following malacorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe that though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side to souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together

file: 8288-274150-0001.flac
expected: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plenty and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_2: an at worrd malacorn fall os for that he was low he knuwut no hed learned houwto woin spire the king with an appitie in themidst of ply and with desire and the assuransu posession
	layer_4: in a word malicorn phollosoher that he was now het knew at not head learned how to inspire the king with an apietite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance u possession
	layer_6: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was no heat knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_8: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was nough heat knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire an the assurance of possession
	layer_10: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was though heat knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire and the assurance of possession
	layer_12: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was though heat knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire and the assurance of possession

file: 8288-274150-0002.flac
expected: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptics
	layer_2: in this manner at therefore without leaving her roo and having kno conf adont she wasd able t returnt who her apartmend thus removing by her apprentse a lowl tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most etermantsceptic
	layer_4: in this manner that therefore without leaving her room and having no conpfidant she was able to returnt who her apartment thus removing by her apparents a lottle tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determan skeptic
	layer_6: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confident she was able to return o her apartment thus removing by her apparents a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determine sceptic
	layer_8: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to returni to her apartment thus removing by her appearante a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_10: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_12: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic

file: 8288-274150-0003.flac
expected: but the door remained closed and neither saint aignan nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_2: but the door reman close and neither sight agnon no  th pain her peared nor ded the hans ege m
	layer_4: but the door reman clos and neither saht agnan knor the pain her peared nor ded the hangns even mae
	layer_6: but the door remain clothesd and neither sate agnan nor the painer ppeered nor did the hanns even move
	layer_8: but the door remain closed an neither sane agnen nor the painter appeared nor did the hangs even move
	layer_10: but the door remained closed an neither sant agden nor the painter appeared nor did the hangs even move
	layer_12: but the door remained closed an neither sant agden nor the painter appeared nor did the haings even move

file: 8288-274150-0004.flac
expected: go then dearest love said the king but return quickly
	layer_2: gor then dares love said the ki thet tor eturn quickly
	layer_4: gothen deares love said the king thut t return quickly
	layer_6: go then dearest love said the king tat  return quickly
	layer_8: go thon dearest love said the king tato return quickly
	layer_10: gothen dearest love said the king thut to return quickly
	layer_12: gothen dearest love said the king nut to return quickly

file: 8288-274150-0005.flac
expected: no no not to day sire
	layer_2: now no noto dsai
	layer_4: no no noto ta si
	layer_6: no no not to tae si
	layer_8: no no not to tak sir
	layer_10: no no not t ta sire
	layer_12: no no not t ta sire

file: 8288-274150-0006.flac
expected: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_2: i knu but two well you had not sese tolove ne
	layer_4: i knew but to well tat you had not cease to love me
	layer_6: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_8: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_10: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_12: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me

file: 8288-274150-0007.flac
expected: la valliere with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_2: the valry with a jestour partly of extremng her and partly as ie en voking oa blessing attempted o speak bu cannot ar ticulat mone word
	layer_4: the valry with a gestr partly of extremed er and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but cannot articulate one word
	layer_6: the valery with a gesture partly hof extreme terror and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but coulnot articulate one word
	layer_8: the valory with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_10: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_12: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word

file: 8288-274150-0008.flac
expected: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_2: at the moment however when the king thrugh himself on his nes a acry ofe utter dispar rankgs woughthe coreder a comioty by the sound of retreating footst ips
	layer_4: at the moment however when the keing throew himself on his knees a acry of utter despaire rankstrough the coreder accomfoatied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_6: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a a cry of utter despaire rank through the quorridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_8: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_10: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_12: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps

file: 8288-274162-0000.flac
expected: the captain sitting buried in his leathern armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his mustache
	layer_2: the captain sitting baried in his lether arm chare his s pers fixed in the flore his sword bues tween his legs was reeading an number of letters as he twisas mustash
	layer_4: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword bids tween his legs was reating a number of letters as he twistas mustash
	layer_6: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his purs fixed in the floor his sword bidtween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistis mustach
	layer_8: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twised is mustache
	layer_10: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his moustache
	layer_12: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his moustache

file: 8288-274162-0001.flac
expected: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_2: d'artagnion uttered a welk om full of pleasur when he received his friand son
	layer_4: d'artagnan utttered a welcome full of pleasure when he preceived his friends sun
	layer_6: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he pereceived his friend's son
	layer_8: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_10: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_12: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son

file: 8288-274162-0002.flac
expected: raoul my boy he said by what lucky accident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_2: 'l my boy he said by what lucky ans tintes it happen tha the king has ar cal u
	layer_4: il my boy he said by what to lucky einsidentes it happened hat the king has arcalle ju
	layer_6: ol my boy he said by what ta lucky encident aes it happened that the king has erecalled je
	layer_8: l my boy he said by what a lucky incident os it happened that the king has recalled ju
	layer_10: ole my boy he said by what a lucky incident dos it happened that the king has recalled ju
	layer_12: ile my boy he said by what a lucky incident does it happened that the king has recalled yu

file: 8288-274162-0003.flac
expected: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_2: these words di not sound agreeably in the young mansears who es he sed himself forplime upon my wor i cannot dealduve all at t i know is i have comeback hulmn'
	layer_4: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seetd himself replie upon my wore thi cannot delyou all that i know s i have come back om
	layer_6: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot tell you all thit i know is i have come back am
	layer_8: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back ham
	layer_10: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back am
	layer_12: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back ham

file: 8288-274162-0004.flac
expected: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_2: that the king hias not he calld ou and you havey toned
	layer_4: that the king has not recalled you and you havev ryturned
	layer_6: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_8: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_10: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_12: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned

file: 8288-274162-0005.flac
expected: i do not understand that at all
	layer_2: i do ne und testen thet the o
	layer_4: i do not undher stand that hat ta
	layer_6: i do notunderstand that that tall
	layer_8: i do not understand that at all
	layer_10: i do not understand that at all
	layer_12: i do not understand that at all

file: 8288-274162-0006.flac
expected: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_2: rolwas olready pal enough an he nowt began to turn hiss hatk roundrd round in his hand
	layer_4: roal was already pal enough and he now began to turn his hat roundand round in his hand
	layer_6: groel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_8: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_10: roel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_12: roel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand

file: 8288-274162-0007.flac
expected: what the deuce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_2: hat they docs as the mater that yu look ans you do an want make you sow dom
	layer_4: hat they duce is the matter that you look as you doo and want make you so dom
	layer_6: what they doce is the matter that you look as you do and whant makes you sodamb
	layer_8: what they doce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_10: what dey duce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_12: what dhey duce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb

file: 8288-274162-0008.flac
expected: said the captain do people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england
	layer_2: said the caftain to peope now days tha soo mat sort of airs an englat
	layer_4: said the captain to peopl nowa days the sumet scort of eirs and englent
	layer_6: said the captain to people nowadays hassume mat sort of airs in england
	layer_8: said the captain to people nowadays assume mat sort of airs in england
	layer_10: said the captain to people nowadays asum mat sort of airors in england
	layer_12: said the captain to people nowadays a sum tat sort of airs in england

file: 8288-274162-0009.flac
expected: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_2: i have ben in eglend and came her again has livelyas a chaffeenceh
	layer_4: i have been in egland and came here again as lively as a chafferance
	layer_6: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafferinch
	layer_8: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafferinch
	layer_10: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrinch
	layer_12: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrinch

file: 8288-274162-0010.flac
expected: will you not say something
	layer_2: wire youl not say someting
	layer_4: will you not say something
	layer_6: will you not say something
	layer_8: will you not say something
	layer_10: will you not say something
	layer_12: will you not say something

file: 8288-274162-0011.flac
expected: i have too much to say
	layer_2: i had to muchd o say
	layer_4: i had to much to say
	layer_6: i had to much to say
	layer_8: i had too much to say
	layer_10: i had too much to say
	layer_12: i had too much to say

file: 8288-274162-0012.flac
expected: ah how is your father
	layer_2: ah hows your foter
	layer_4: ah how ase your fother
	layer_6: ah how is your father
	layer_8: ah how is your father
	layer_10: ah how is your father
	layer_12: ah how is your father

file: 8288-274162-0013.flac
expected: forgive me my dear friend i was going to ask you that
	layer_2: forgive me my de ar frinmdt iwas going to as ju sat
	layer_4: forgive me my dearfrimed it i was going tol i scus that
	layer_6: forgive me my dea frimed it i was going to ascuse that
	layer_8: forgive me my dear fritmed it i was going to ascuwse that
	layer_10: forgive me my deeaffrightend it i was going to ask ue that
	layer_12: forgive me my deeaffrightened it i was going to ask u that

file: 8288-274162-0014.flac
expected: d'artagnan increased the sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_2: dertain andcreased his sharpness of his pinetratin gas waich no secret was caplabovf resisting
	layer_4: d'artion ancreased his sharpness of his pinetraten gaze which no secret was capable fhe resisting
	layer_6: d'artaan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_8: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_10: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_12: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting

file: 8288-274162-0015.flac
expected: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_2: you on happe about somnting he said
	layer_4: you anhappy about something he said
	layer_6: you areunhappy about something he said
	layer_8: youre n'happy about something he said
	layer_10: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_12: you are unhappy about something he said

file: 8288-274162-0016.flac
expected: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_2: i am indeet and you know the reason va wrell mis sho datenon
	layer_4: i am indeed and you know the reason vr raill minsior tartagnon
	layer_6: i am indeed and you know the reason varyrail monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_8: i am indeed and you know the reason vary rell monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_10: i am indeed and you know the reason very ral monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_12: i am indeed and you know the reason very rel monsieur d'artagnan

file: 8288-274162-0017.flac
expected: nay do not pretend to be astonished
	layer_2: na denot pretent o biastii
	layer_4: nay do not pretent o ti astoni
	layer_6: nay do not pretend to viastoni
	layer_8: nay do not pretend to be astonnie
	layer_10: nay do not pretend to be astanishe
	layer_12: nay do not pretend to be astanishe

file: 8288-274162-0018.flac
expected: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_2: i ham not pordin into beas ton hismy fiand
	layer_4: i ham not predinning to be ast honish my frind
	layer_6: i am not predending to be as donish my frind
	layer_8: i am not predending to be astonished my friend
	layer_10: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_12: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend

file: 8288-274162-0019.flac
expected: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh oh
	layer_2: i have neither head  no arm h do not dy spises but help my into werds in the mostretched f living beings o
	layer_4: i have neither head nor arm do not despise buti helt me intwo words in the most wrethed of living beings oho
	layer_6: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but i help me in two words i an the most wretched of living beings o
	layer_8: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but  help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh
	layer_10: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh o
	layer_12: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh on

file: 8288-274162-0020.flac
expected: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_2: she ias deseetingiu said d'rtanion tot a muso of whose face had moovt tloes are pigwords who makes ous of them
	layer_4: she is deceding you said d'iartagnan dot a muscll of whose face had moved los ar pig words whom makes use of them
	layer_6: she is deceeding you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face had moved those are pig words whom makes use of them
	layer_8: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face head moved those are pig words who makes use of them
	layer_10: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face head moved those are pig words who makes use of them
	layer_12: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face head moved those are pig words who makes use of them

file: 8288-274162-0021.flac
expected: every one ah
	layer_2: averyon af
	layer_4: averyone ath
	layer_6: every one ah
	layer_8: everyone ath
	layer_10: everyone afh
	layer_12: everyone ach

file: 8288-274162-0022.flac
expected: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_2: if everyonesaysso ther must be some truthin it
	layer_4: if everyone say so there must be some truth in it
	layer_6: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_8: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_10: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_12: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it

file: 8288-274162-0023.flac
expected: not for a friend for a son
	layer_2: not for a friend for a su
	layer_4: nat for a friend for a san
	layer_6: not for a friend for a sun
	layer_8: not for a friend for a son
	layer_10: not for a friend for a son
	layer_12: not for a friend for a son

file: 8288-274162-0024.flac
expected: the deuce take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_2: adose tak et ou are really n fromcurasty
	layer_4: i ducetake it you are really l from curiasty
	layer_6: adouce takeit you are really l from curiosti
	layer_8: a dece take it you are really e from curiosity
	layer_10: a deuce take it you are really a from curiosity
	layer_12: a deoce take it you are really a from curiosity

file: 8288-274162-0025.flac
expected: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_2: no t is not from curiusty at his from love
	layer_4: no itoes not from curiostyat is from love
	layer_6: no it os not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_8: no it des not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_10: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_12: no it is not from curiosity it is from love

file: 8288-274162-0026.flac
expected: good another big word
	layer_2: godt another bigk waord
	layer_4: got another big ward
	layer_6: cout another big word
	layer_8: kut another big ward
	layer_10: kut another big ward
	layer_12: kut another big ward

file: 8288-274162-0027.flac
expected: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_2: i tell you i love lueas to thestiection
	layer_4: i tell you i love louiset to thestaction
	layer_6: i tell you i love louise to thistaction
	layer_8: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_10: i tell you i love louise to disdiraction
	layer_12: i tell you i love louise to distiraction

file: 8288-274162-0028.flac
expected: well suppose it were only that
	layer_2: well s u poseit were only that
	layer_4: wll supposit were only that
	layer_6: well supposit were only that
	layer_8: well suppose it were only that
	layer_10: well suppose it were only that
	layer_12: well suppose it were only that

file: 8288-274162-0029.flac
expected: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_2: nosence bl man ever succeded ed making much have a brain whin the head whas trned
	layer_4: nocincebl man ever succeeded ad making much av a brain when the head was turned
	layer_6: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much ave a brain when the head was turned
	layer_8: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_10: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_12: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned

file: 8288-274162-0030.flac
expected: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_2: i have complely lost my senceeas an the same wry ar huntred time ond my life
	layer_4: i have compleatly lost my sences tin the same way ar huntred times in my life
	layer_6: i have completely lost my senses tin the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_8: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_10: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_12: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life

file: 8288-274162-0031.flac
expected: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_2: you would her but you would not under stand me you would on her stand but you w uald notle bay me
	layer_4: you would heare but you would not understand me ou would understand but you would not obeay me
	layer_6: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_8: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_10: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_12: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me

file: 8288-274162-0032.flac
expected: oh try try
	layer_2: o try try
	layer_4: o try try
	layer_6: o try try
	layer_8: oh try try
	layer_10: oh try try
	layer_12: oh try try

file: 8288-274162-0033.flac
expected: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_2: i go far even ifi were unfortun anough to no somting and folsionaough tookomunicati to youd you are my frind you sayig and tet yes
	layer_4: i gofar even ifi were unfortun enough to no sumeting and folishon enough took ommunicated to you you are my friend you sayi inteed yes
	layer_6: i go far even if i were unfortune enough to know something and foolish en enough to communicated to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_8: i go far even if i were unfortunat enough to know something and foolishen enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_10: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish n enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_12: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish n enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes

file: 8288-274162-0034.flac
expected: very good i should quarrel with you
	layer_2: thery goody i shou cor wis you
	layer_4: there i goody i should carre wesh you
	layer_6: theyre are good i should cuare with you
	layer_8: theyre are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_10: theye are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_12: they are good i should quarrel with you

file: 8288-274162-0035.flac
expected: i never complain as you know but as heaven and my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhold i will tell him he lies and and you would kill him
	layer_2: i never complayin a you know but as heavn in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my braime i will go an get the first person i me to giv me the in for mation which you with hollt i will tell him he leiesan and dyou ill kiliam
	layer_4: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowying out my bram i will go and get the first person i me to giveme the information which you with hohoold i will tell him he lies an and dyou will kiliam
	layer_6: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i me to give me the information which you with oold i will tell him he lies and and you ill cilia
	layer_8: i never complain as you know but as heaven an my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withold i will tell him he lies and and you ill kill iim
	layer_10: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i meen to give me the information which you withold i will tell him he lies an and you will kill him
	layer_12: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i meen to give me the information which you withold i will tell him he lies an and you will kill him

file: 8288-274162-0036.flac
expected: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_2: and e find ofair that twould be so much the better what hould i ci
	layer_4: and a find a fair that would be so much the better what should i car
	layer_6: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_8: and a fined affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_10: and a fined affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_12: and a fined affair that would be so much the better what should i care

file: 8288-274162-0037.flac
expected: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_2: you nowlsoo my differentln and stid if kiling you il get ciled yourself i supposyou mean siry fin indeed
	layer_4: you now a soomy differenton and stid if killing you will get kiled yourself i suppose you mean sery fine indeed
	layer_6: you know assue my different ton and stid of killing you will get kille yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_8: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_10: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_12: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed

file: 8288-274162-0038.flac
expected: how much i should regret you
	layer_2: how much i siould ar gret  ou
	layer_4: how much i should hr gret you
	layer_6: how much i should her gret yo
	layer_8: how much i should hregret you
	layer_10: how much i should regret you
	layer_12: how much i should regret you

file: 8288-274162-0039.flac
expected: of course i should go about all day saying ah
	layer_2: of courei swo coabout all day sing off
	layer_4: of course i shall go about all day sing ah
	layer_6: of course i shall go about all day sing ah
	layer_8: of course i shall go about all day sying ah
	layer_10: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_12: of course i shall go about all day saying ah

file: 8288-274162-0040.flac
expected: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was
	layer_2: what hav findstop it fllow that braggalon wars
	layer_4: what a fine stupid fillow that braggalone was
	layer_6: what a fine stupid filow that bragalone was
	layer_8: what a fine stupid fellow that bragolone was
	layer_10: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was
	layer_12: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was

file: 8288-274162-0041.flac
expected: as great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_2: as great as stupitas i ever metwith
	layer_4: his great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_6: his great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_8: as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_10: as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_12: as great as stupid as i ever met with

file: 8288-274162-0042.flac
expected: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_2: go then grow go and get yourselfthi spose thr f af fuw like
	layer_4: go then groul go and get yourselfty sposedte f you like
	layer_6: go then growl go and get yourself desposed def if you like
	layer_8: go then groul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_10: go then graoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_12: go then graoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like

file: 8288-274162-0043.flac
expected: i hardly know who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_2: i har la knw who can have touch you logic but doo etake me if your father has not  been reaguly roed of his money
	layer_4: i harly knew who cand have touch you logic but do etake me if your father has not been reguly robbed of his money
	layer_6: i hardly knew who can have toauch you logic but dose take me if your father has not been regulrly robbed of his money
	layer_8: i hardly knew who can have tougch you logic but decs take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_10: i hardly knew who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_12: i hardly knew who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money

file: 8288-274162-0044.flac
expected: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_2: ra will bred has face in hiss hands murmoring no n i have not a singo friendein lhy worldt
	layer_4: ri will bried hins face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a singl friend in the world
	layer_6: ri will bried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_8: raowell bried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_10: rol bried his facin his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_12: raol beried his facin his hands murmuring no n i have not a single friend in the world

file: 8288-274162-0045.flac
expected: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you although i am a gascon
	layer_2: i thot fancies mon'siur i do not lauf at you teh i am a guscone
	layer_4: idol fancies montsieur i do not laug at you dho i am a gascone
	layer_6: idll fancis monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gaskon
	layer_8: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascone
	layer_10: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascone
	layer_12: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am at gascone

file: 8288-274162-0046.flac
expected: a carpenter what do you mean
	layer_2: a civpredther what to you men
	layer_4: a ciplreter what do you me
	layer_6: a cipritur what do you mean
	layer_8: a carpreter what do you mean
	layer_10: a capriter what do you mean
	layer_12: a capriter what do you mean

file: 8288-274162-0047.flac
expected: upon my word i don't know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain flooring
	layer_2: a pon my wer ti dod not kno some on told me there was a carpen ther who made in openeng through as certain floor
	layer_4: upon my word thi do not kow some one told me there was a carpen ther whom made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_6: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpent there who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_8: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_10: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_12: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor

file: 8288-274162-0048.flac
expected: oh i don't know where
	layer_2: hon  mi don't nowere
	layer_4: omy don't knowwhere
	layer_6: or y don't knowwhere
	layer_8: or y don't know where
	layer_10: or i don't know where
	layer_12: or y don't know where

file: 8288-274162-0049.flac
expected: in whose room then
	layer_2: and hos erom them
	layer_4: and whos r om themn
	layer_6: and whoserom them
	layer_8: an whose rm then
	layer_10: and whose rom then
	layer_12: and whose rom then

file: 8288-274162-0050.flac
expected: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_2: i have tolt yo for the lesst hour that i known nothing of the holefher
	layer_4: i have tod you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the hollafhar
	layer_6: i have told you for the lest hour that i know nothing of the hol affair
	layer_8: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_10: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_12: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair

file: 8288-274162-0051.flac
expected: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_2: but tepatrsthen theportrt
	layer_4: but the patre thin teportrt
	layer_6: but the patere then theportrait
	layer_8: but to paintr then the portrait
	layer_10: but to painter then the portrait
	layer_12: but to painter then the portrait

file: 8288-274162-0052.flac
expected: why you seem to have only that name in your mouth
	layer_2: whe yous o to heme only that nam anyor mouth
	layer_4: whar yu si to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_6: whart you se to ham only that name in your mouth
	layer_8: why you say to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_10: why you say to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_12: why you say to him only that name in your mouth

file: 8288-274162-0053.flac
expected: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_2: i dod not supposeit wal conseniom
	layer_4: i do not suppose it wirl consonan
	layer_6: i do not suppose it will consernun
	layer_8: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_10: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_12: i do not suppose it will concern you

file: 8288-274162-0054.flac
expected: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_2: ys your r right andhe made a steper to as if epwere going to let whar e you ging
	layer_4: es your aright anhy made a stepher to as if he pere going to lea whe ae you going
	layer_6: yes you are a right an he made a step or to as if he were going to lead why are you going
	layer_8: yes you areal right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going
	layer_10: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going
	layer_12: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going

file: 8288-274162-0055.flac
expected: to look for some one who will tell me the truth
	layer_2: to look or soememon who aten min te trupe
	layer_4: to look wor somon who woalttene meng the trup
	layer_6: to look for summone who willtelnd meg the truth
	layer_8: to look for sum one who will tell me the truth
	layer_10: to look for someone who will tell me the truth
	layer_12: to look for someone who will tell me the truth

file: 8288-274162-0056.flac
expected: who is that a woman
	layer_2: who as that at womna
	layer_4: who was lat a wolmna
	layer_6: who is tlat a woman
	layer_8: who is that a woman
	layer_10: who is that a woman
	layer_12: who is that a woman

file: 8288-274162-0057.flac
expected: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_2: you wish to be con sold by someone and you wil be so iat ance she will ded you nothing ilif herself of course so be of
	layer_4: you wish to be cansold by someone and you will be so at once she will ted you nothing el ie herself of course so be off
	layer_6: you wish to be consold by some one and you will be so at once she will dellyou nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_8: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_10: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_12: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off

file: 8288-274162-0058.flac
expected: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_2: you are mistack en ontser replied re though om mani men will tellen me all the ever sho possibly kain
	layer_4: you are mistiken monser replied ro though omand i mean will tell me all the evi she possibly can
	layer_6: you are mistaken monsieur replied role thoh oman i mean will tell  me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_8: you are mistaken monsieur replied raol the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_10: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_12: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can

file: 8288-274162-0059.flac
expected: well i admit it
	layer_2: wel idmintet
	layer_4: well i hadmit it
	layer_6: well i admit it
	layer_8: well i admit it
	layer_10: well i admit it
	layer_12: well i admit it

file: 8288-274162-0060.flac
expected: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with a poor mouse
	layer_2: and in point afact wi should i play with you as a catnes with th poormous
	layer_4: and in point o fact why should i play with you as a catnes with the poor mauth
	layer_6: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnas with the poor mouth
	layer_8: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnes with ta pormouth
	layer_10: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat dowes with ta pormouth
	layer_12: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with tha pormouth

file: 8288-274162-0061.flac
expected: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_2: yoi testresmi you to inded
	layer_4: you yu stresmi you do indeed
	layer_6: you dustresst me you do indeed
	layer_8: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_10: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_12: you distress me you do indeed

file: 8288-274162-0062.flac
expected: wait if you can
	layer_2: waito you can
	layer_4: waitifou can
	layer_6: wait ifou can
	layer_8: wait if you can
	layer_10: wait if you can
	layer_12: wait if you can

file: 8288-274162-0063.flac
expected: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_2: i culd dnot so muchs te wors
	layer_4: i could not so much the worse
	layer_6: i could not so much the worse
	layer_8: i could not so much the worse
	layer_10: i could not so much the worse
	layer_12: i could not so much the worse

file: 8288-274162-0064.flac
expected: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_2: a said rol sneching egualy at the pin which the keptain held outoh hm
	layer_4: a said roble snatching egerly at the pin which the keptain held outo him
	layer_6: ah said raall snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_8: ah said raobal snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_10: ah said raol snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_12: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him

file: 8288-274162-0065.flac
expected: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_2: how vheryfworthunat tat isd he was looking tfor you to
	layer_4: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you to
	layer_6: how very fortunatethat is he was looking for you too
	layer_8: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_10: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_12: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too

file: 8288-274162-0066.flac
expected: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_2: she said nthe samed tlrn of voice it is not ei who him going to speak to him holdhan
	layer_4: she said nhe same turn a voice it is not i who im going to speak to him o then
	layer_6: she said inthe same torn of voice it is not i who im going to speak to him o then
	layer_8: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_10: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_12: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then

file: 6455-67804-0000.flac
expected: i accompany my granddaughter to this this entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_2: i  comeny my grandaterd to this musnt tamment herlidisheit r smonded
	layer_4: i c company my grandaugter to tis busn't cainment her tlady shit resmonded
	layer_6: i accompany my grandaughter to thi busintprtainment her thay shoud responded
	layer_8: i accompany my granddaughter to thisis entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_10: i accompanied my granddaughter to thissentertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_12: i accompanied my granddaughter to thissentertainment her ladyship responded

file: 6455-67804-0001.flac
expected: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind
	layer_2: it istcircely goyice iccasien to mi mind
	layer_4: it isscarcely rejoycsocasion to my mind
	layer_6: it is scarcely a joice ocasion to my mind
	layer_8: it is scarcely a joyce occasion to my mind
	layer_10: it is scarcely a joice occasion to my mind
	layer_12: it is scarcely a joice occasion to my mind

file: 6455-67804-0002.flac
expected: no need to dress yourself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binnie
	layer_2: nony the dresst er sot wied bey af i isen't a jactalad n mister pany
	layer_4: no ly the dress or solt on tat if fat isn't ajacillatan mister beny
	layer_6: no ne the dress or sot one tat if it isn't ajaculated mister binny
	layer_8: no needthe dresser sot on bat if it isn't ejaculated mister binny
	layer_10: no need the dress er sot one tat if it isn't ejaculated mister binny
	layer_12: no need the dress er sopt one that if it isn't ejacullated mister binny

file: 6455-67804-0003.flac
expected: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself
	layer_2: if our surd this was ha sa man i go myselft
	layer_4: if our sure this was the save man i go myself
	layer_6: if iu r sure this was the saa man i go myself
	layer_8: if iure sure this was the sae man i go myself
	layer_10: if i were sure this was the same man i go myself
	layer_12: if i were sure this was the same man i go myself

file: 6455-67804-0004.flac
expected: when i find a fellow who's neither knave nor fool i stick to him believe i'll send to find out
	layer_2: whenive iti fellowf his neiger nave north foo i sic o him blie e altind the finda
	layer_4: when iv i to fellow his neger naved north foul i sixto him blieve els in the find a
	layer_6: when i vid a fellow whos nigger naves north foul i stix o him believe elson the finda
	layer_8: when i bie a fellow whos nigger naves north fool i stick to him believe elseen the find ot
	layer_10: when i vit a fellow whos nigger naves north fool i stick to him believe else the' find out
	layer_12: when i bit a fellow whos nigger naves north fool i stick to him believe else they find out

file: 6455-67804-0005.flac
expected: the only time he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had copied from octavia's nice gown that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_2: the oin hime himan ey come oponor wis the first iremes la hearind the dress she ha caonmpih moktapious niye scand that ie dhord adout didn't oidb a here allwagur
	layer_4: the oling hime ham ian eyn coning upon er was the first tiemeusla her in the dressd she haccomi makdtapius na scand that en lorded out didn't gutba heare all wager
	layer_6: the onlin him y am in any commen upon her was the first time euslaw her in the dress she adccomplishd makdtavius ni scane that he glurded out didn't ge t hear i'l wager
	layer_8: the only himhad mad any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she accomplished moctavius na scon that he lurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_10: the only hirme he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she accomplished morctavias nay scond that he blurted out didn't git here i'll wager
	layer_12: the only hirme he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she accomplished moctavias nay scond that he blurted out didn't geit here i'll wager

file: 6455-67804-0006.flac
expected: doesn't look like it he said gruffly
	layer_2: thisan look lieyet is air grafhly
	layer_4: this n lookd lik et is tar graphly
	layer_6: thit'son look lik get isaied grafhly
	layer_8: thisn't look like yit i hied grafully
	layer_10: tisn' look like it is ire grafully
	layer_12: thisn' look like it is ire graffully

file: 6455-67804-0007.flac
expected: no she answered i am not afraid at all
	layer_2: no he intwed i  mota fortitle
	layer_4: no she inswered i  moda frititale
	layer_6: no she enswered iam mora friditl
	layer_8: no she answered i am not a fridatl
	layer_10: no she answered i 'm not a fridatil
	layer_12: no she answered i am not a friditil

file: 6455-67804-0008.flac
expected: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_2: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_4: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_6: i shall not be afraied again
	layer_8: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_10: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_12: i shall not be afraid again

file: 6455-67804-0009.flac
expected: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanor
	layer_2: and thact she ap herfectly t oinfounded her lady should by herd ominer
	layer_4: an faugt she a perfectly confounded her lady should by her demunnor
	layer_6: in tact she adperfectly confounden her lady should by her demeanour
	layer_8: in fact she a perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_10: in fact she ha perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_12: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour

file: 6455-67804-0010.flac
expected: i beg you will not speak to me of that again she said i will not listen
	layer_2: i be yol not spea to me r thare yand she sei i wll at listen
	layer_4: i be you'll not speak to me of teraga and she said i will ot listen
	layer_6: i be you'll not speak to me a variga and she said i will nout listen
	layer_8: i beg youwill not speak to me of daragen she said i will not listen
	layer_10: i beg you will not speak to me of daragien she said i will not listen
	layer_12: i beg you will not speak to me of daragien she said i will not listen

file: 6455-67804-0011.flac
expected: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_2: an turning aboutt she walke out of therim
	layer_4: an turning about she walked out of the roim
	layer_6: and turning about she walked out of the rib
	layer_8: ind turning about she walked out of the rim
	layer_10: in turning about she walked out of the rib
	layer_12: in turning about she walked out of the rib

file: 6455-67804-0012.flac
expected: and nothing more had been said on the subject since
	layer_2: an nothinme ore ha buldted untubjeccens
	layer_4: ind nothing more habitit onsebjeccens
	layer_6: and nothing more habi ded on tsubject sense
	layer_8: and nothing more habited on subject sense
	layer_10: and nothing more habited on subject sence
	layer_12: and nothing more habited on subject sence

file: 6455-67804-0013.flac
expected: before breakfast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which ran as follows
	layer_2: befor bracmith missplin the was stertl by ter ival of ad nother telleger which main tas follaws
	layer_4: before brackwith missblin ther was stirtle by the rival of another celegar which rained tas vollows
	layer_6: before brekwith miss bullinde was sturtle by the rrival of aanother telegar which reignd as follows
	layer_8: before breackwith miss bolindo was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which rained as follows
	layer_10: before breackwith miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which reigned as follows
	layer_12: before breactwith miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegrap which reigned as follows

file: 6455-67804-0014.flac
expected: arrived to day per russia be with you tomorrow evening
	layer_2: a roive to dey peresio bea ith eat a mil edning
	layer_4: arive to dey peressio b wth iet o mile evening
	layer_6: arrive to day peressia beauthiate mile evening
	layer_8: arrived to day parussia beauothyte moile evening
	layer_10: arrived to day parussia beauthy te mile evening
	layer_12: arrived today parussia beauthy te mile evening

file: 6455-67804-0015.flac
expected: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_2: frind with me marin basid
	layer_4: fon with me martin basit
	layer_6: frend with me martin vasid
	layer_8: friend with me martin bassit
	layer_10: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_12: friend with me martin bassett

file: 6455-67804-0016.flac
expected: well remarked octavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_2: well t re marxturoa ave ia i suppose d haut woult have bein evanage
	layer_4: well it remanxativia i suppose that would have meen in tevanage
	layer_6: well it reming otavia i suppose that would have been an the vantage
	layer_8: well it remarks rtavia i suppose that would havebeen in advantage
	layer_10: well it remakd otavia i suppose that would have been in advantage
	layer_12: well it remarkes otavia i suppose that would have been in advantage

file: 6455-67804-0017.flac
expected: octavia was a marked figure upon the grounds at that garden party another dress my dear remarked missus burnham
	layer_2: actavia was a markt ficcur pon the grow oft lit gardnpirty nother jesst mydear remark mister brnthom
	layer_4: octavia was a marked fikure upon the groutd of lhy gardinpity inother juss my dear remarked mister brn him
	layer_6: octavia was a marked figure upon the grouh of thate garden party another jest my dear remarked mister brndham
	layer_8: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another jess my dear remarked mister brdham
	layer_10: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another jess my dear remarked mister briydham
	layer_12: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another jess my dear remarked mister brudham

file: 6455-67804-0018.flac
expected: and what a charming color she has i declare she is usually paler
	layer_2: ndwout a charming colour he ha e id a clar s's usually paillor
	layer_4: and whatd a charming colors she has ant a clear ses usually paler
	layer_6: and what a charming colour she hasn't a clear see's usually pal er
	layer_8: and what a charming color i she hasn't clear sees usually paler
	layer_10: and what a charming colour she hasn't clear sees usually paler
	layer_12: and what a charming color she hasn't clear sees usually paler

file: 6455-67804-0019.flac
expected: perhaps we owe this to lord lansdowne
	layer_2: praps bhe othis tlorn lnson
	layer_4: peraps te othis telornd land son
	layer_6: perhaps the otherst to lorn lanzon
	layer_8: perhaps the othes to lord lanzone
	layer_10: perhaps the otherst to lord landone
	layer_12: perhaps the otherst to lord lanzone

file: 6455-67804-0020.flac
expected: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself
	layer_2: shis priteare  everd heday in is enm janerself
	layer_4: shis pretear evert da in is en join nherself
	layer_6: she's prettiar n edverto day in its enjoyng herself
	layer_8: she's prettier tan edver to day an i's enjoying herself
	layer_10: she's prettier than edver to day and it's enjoying herself
	layer_12: she's prettier than edver to day and it's enjoying herself

file: 6455-67804-0021.flac
expected: she was enjoying herself mister francis barold observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_2: she wisnd joang herself misster pran es bril absergh thit rather glumily asthy soud apart
	layer_4: she wisan joing herself misster franes brill observe that rather glumily as he sod apart
	layer_6: she was enjoying herself mister frands birill observed that rather gloomily as he sood apart
	layer_8: she was enjoying herself mister francisbrl observed hit rather gloomily as he soulod apart
	layer_10: she was enjoying herself mister francisbril observed tit rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_12: she was enjoying herself mister francisbrol observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart

file: 6455-67804-0022.flac
expected: and then had come lord lansdowne who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_2: and then ha com lord ly ensed how an crosstintalon the shakehan woet this host haveien observed to keephs y ixs upoarn one fprticuelhappoint er mistown he sai after havings mook in is firswirds who is that tall giroanwight
	layer_4: and then ha come loardlyenjed who andcrossinta lond to shake and ith this host have been observe to keep his y dixed upon on particullar point bermiston he said after having smook in his first words who is that tall grl an white
	layer_6: and then ha come lordlyandad who and cross ingalan to shake hands with this host have been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermistone he said after having smook in his first words who is that tall girl and white
	layer_8: and then had come lord lyndard who in crossingthe lawne to shake hands wit this host hav been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birma stone he said after having smooke in his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_10: and then had come lord lanzard who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_12: and then had come lord lanzard who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white

file: 6455-67804-0023.flac
expected: and in ten minutes lady theobald missus burnham mister barold and divers others too numerous to mention saw him standing at octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_2: in enteminutes lady the abled mister bern mister bald n the vers others tow numrisimengion somesin they otiveioussiht ofr tant lny with no aintington o leaving at
	layer_4: in inteminutes ladi theabled mister burna mister baled an the vers others too numrous suimention soms inly octavious side of thantly with no intintion of leaving it
	layer_6: an in ton minutes lady theabld mister burnha mister barled an the vers others too numerous imension saw mis sinhe actavia side evidantly with no intention of leaving at
	layer_8: in in ten minutes lady theople mister burnham mister barele tan tevers others too numerous omension saw miss ine octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving i
	layer_10: in ten minutes lady theopeld mister burnam mister barle ton ivers others too numerous to mension saw miss inlea octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_12: in ten minutes lady theopeld mister burnham mister barle tan iverd others too numerous to mension saw miss inlea octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it

file: 6455-67804-0024.flac
expected: not long after this francis barold found his way to miss belinda who was very busy and rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_2: not long afh te this fran aspirl fan has waidt a mis bolindo he was very bushe innbhather neirvis in tesus evenat l injoyngnerself he remark
	layer_4: not long after this francespiriel faund has wait o miss bulindo he was very busy in bather nervoitht u neces evidet lendjoyig herself he remarked
	layer_6: not long after this francispirel found his way to miss bollinda he was very busy in  brather nervois u neec is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_8: not long after this francis biryl found his way to miss belinda he was very busy and rather nervous you nie s evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_10: not long after this frances berryll found his way to miss belinda he was very busy and rather nervous your nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_12: not long after this francis berryll found his way to miss belinda he was very busy and rather nervous your niece's evidently enjoying herself he remarked

file: 6455-67804-0025.flac
expected: octavia is most happy to day answered miss belinda
	layer_2: o caiar is most happy to dta an ter missiblnder
	layer_4: oelia is most happy to day intered missiblinde
	layer_6: acalia is most happy to day entered misse blinda
	layer_8: acalia is most happy today entered misse blinda
	layer_10: acavia is most happy to day entered miss belinda
	layer_12: achavia is most happy to day entered miss belinda

file: 6455-67804-0026.flac
expected: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself
	layer_2: feryifyou pyo ple under sand uctavev iusi mistlinder i'd not should i follow oll her mtes myself
	layer_4: very f you peoblel undersan octavias inmisteblinda i'm not should i follow all her mues myself
	layer_6: very few people understan octavia sand missts belinda i'm not should i follow all her mees myself
	layer_8: very few people understand octavia said misse belinda i'm not suredta i follow all her modes myself
	layer_10: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself
	layer_12: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself

file: 6455-67804-0027.flac
expected: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_2: she 's no s frvillesce as she a perce to vose jok now herwa
	layer_4: she is not as frivilesce as she appiearcs to thos y jot know her wel
	layer_6: she is not as frivoles as she appears to thoseejot know her well
	layer_8: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who jon't know her well
	layer_10: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_12: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well

file: 6455-67804-0028.flac
expected: barold stood gnawing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_2: terld su nong is must ashoad maye no rply he was not very cometable
	layer_4: barld sad nong as must ash anfd mayde no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_6: bald saidgnong his must ash and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_8: barled sodgnong his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_10: barrl sonoing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_12: barrl sonong his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable

file: 6455-67804-0029.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by fate and rather wished he had returned to london from broadoaks instead of loitering in slowbridge
	layer_2: ef ia ham supp ill us byfit and mather lush toe a retured da en ofro boutukgs and sid i al vodering an slobarage
	layer_4: if il him sulpp ill used by fat and mather bush ter returrnedg to lend from botoks tand seid i a voidering and sloberidge
	layer_6: he fell imselp ill used by fant and mather bush he ad returned to lendn from bottocs andsed if avoidering ind sloberidge
	layer_8: he fel himself ill used by faik an matherbushed he had returned to lendn from botdoks insetd if ovoidering in slowbridge
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by fak and materbushed he had returned to lendn from bottoks instead of of voidering in slowbridge
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by faik and materbushed he had returned to lenden from botoks instead of of voidering in slowbridge

file: 6455-67804-0030.flac
expected: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_2: yet hav meson tolffat a first but intime ha eien s a pise thiffpines a musemant lo something of it deest
	layer_4: ye d ad mesom self at a first but intime had been sapris te fin es a musement loo something of itdsessd
	layer_6: hehat ames hmself ata first but in time e had been serprised to find ids amusement lose something of itses
	layer_8: hehd amuze himself at first but in time he hd been surprised to findhis amusement lose something of it zest
	layer_10: heh'd amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement loose something of its zest
	layer_12: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest

file: 6455-67804-0031.flac
expected: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_2: it's ducily bratd formon his part e the mently what thoa he mang by it
	layer_4: its ducily brad formon his part i tamentally what do te mean by i
	layer_6: it's ducidly badform on his part hesadmentally what does you mean by it
	layer_8: it's ducily bad form on his part he sad mentally what does ye mean by it
	layer_10: it's deucidly bad form on his part he sad mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_12: it's deucidly bad form on his part he said mentally what does ye mean by it

file: 6455-67804-0032.flac
expected: octavia on the contrary did not ask what he meant by it
	layer_2: atavfia on the consr in not ase beny mentpy it
	layer_4: octepvia on the contury hid not ask beny ment by it
	layer_6: activhia on the contray did not ask any meant by it
	layer_8: octavia on the contrary did not ask menny meant by it
	layer_10: octavia on the contrary did not ask benny meant by it
	layer_12: octavia on the contrary did not ask benny meant by it

file: 6455-67804-0033.flac
expected: where he ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_2: where you jacol at id i say whand hn nat
	layer_4: where you jacilat id i say whald i naht
	layer_6: where you jaculated i say what ta nate
	layer_8: where you jaculated i say what a natpe
	layer_10: where are you ejaculated i say what a nae
	layer_12: where are you ejaculated i say what a nave

file: 6455-67804-0034.flac
expected: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_2: i ad not atbserve thit answer her ladi ship
	layer_4: i ad not abserved ti answer her ladyshop
	layer_6: i had not observed it answerd her ladyship
	layer_8: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_10: i have not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_12: i have not observed it answered her ladyship

file: 6455-67804-0035.flac
expected: but she glared at barold as he passed and beckoned to him where is lucia she demanded
	layer_2: ut she glared it thirld te se pased n beckon' o him lt as lusiushn am inted
	layer_4: ut she clared a barold es se pased and beckon to him whl as luciusn imeted
	layer_6: u she glared at barld e sea pased an beckon to him wha wis luciashen imanded
	layer_8: u she glared at baroldesci passed and beckoned to him what is lucia shen e manded
	layer_10: she glared at baroldefs e passed and beckoned to him what his lucashe demanded
	layer_12: she glared at baroldefs he passed and beckoned to him what his lucia she demanded

file: 6455-67804-0036.flac
expected: i saw her with burmistone half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early she turned quite pale
	layer_2: mi ir her wutd birmisetan half n or go he athered coling have y any mathagh frmy mother eshal rat trngalantintomar leaving her arly tun ite pale
	layer_4: y sl her with birmison half norrago he answered coling have you any methage fom my mother a shal returnl end into mar leaving here early turnd quite pale
	layer_6: i sel her with burmaston half norroawgo he answered coling have you any mesthage for my mother i shall return naloninto mar leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_8: i sawl heim with birmistone half an hour ago he answered coly have you any methage for my mother i shall return to londin to mar leaving here early turn quite pale
	layer_10: i saw hem with birmeston half an hour ago he answered colly have you any methage for my mother i shall return to london to marrw leaving here early turnd quite pale
	layer_12: i saw herm with birmeston half an hour ago he answered colly have you any methage for my mother i shall return to london to marrw leaving here early turned quite pale

file: 6455-67804-0037.flac
expected: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_2: what his happiet she asked righedly hl look lightlis a prised nothing what iv wer he breplied
	layer_4: what is happed she asked rigidly helooklightly s arprised nothing whataver he replied
	layer_6: what is happed she asked rigidly he look lightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_8: what is happened she asked ricidly he loked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_10: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_12: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied

file: 6455-67804-0038.flac
expected: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_2: aver main her longer otf n ientendid
	layer_4: ive amaind her longer f and i antended
	layer_6: i hve remained her longer fthan iintended
	layer_8: i hve remained here longer than i intended
	layer_10: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_12: i have remained here longer than i intended

file: 6455-67804-0039.flac
expected: she began to move the manacles on her right wrist
	layer_2: shoe begat a movf the mankl an o rigt wist
	layer_4: shoe began a move th mancles in o right wist
	layer_6: she began a move th manicles in her right wist
	layer_8: she began tod move the manacles in her right wist
	layer_10: she began to move the manacles in her right wist
	layer_12: she began to move the manacles in her right wist

file: 6455-67804-0040.flac
expected: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_2: she hd not rolisia up andter her own i forn lothing
	layer_4: she had not brogtlicia up ander her own iy forn lothing
	layer_6: she had not brougtlisia up under her own eye fro nothing
	layer_8: she had not brougt lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_10: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_12: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing

file: 6455-67803-0000.flac
expected: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_2: chaptors en e three may i go
	layer_4: chapter's whent ea three may i go
	layer_6: chapters wente three may i go
	layer_8: chapters weny three may i go
	layer_10: chapters wenty three may i go
	layer_12: chapters wenty three may i go

file: 6455-67803-0001.flac
expected: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_2: the very day after this utave ia open the fortrungk
	layer_4: the very day after this actavioa opened of for trung
	layer_6: the very day after this octavia opened a fourt trunk
	layer_8: the very day after this octavia opened a fort trunk
	layer_10: the very day after this octavia opened a fourth trunk
	layer_12: the very day after this octavia opened a fourth trunk

file: 6455-67803-0002.flac
expected: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugald binnie is at oldclough who is he
	layer_2: av hi dently something at happhined octav yos te said mister diggold beny ias at old clow ho is ehe
	layer_4: evidently something it happened i'lctav yash he said mister docold beny is at old clow who is ehe
	layer_6: evidently somethig had happened alctavyash she said mister dugled benny is tat old clou who is he
	layer_8: evidently something had happened octavias she said mister dugle benny is that old clow who is he
	layer_10: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugl benny is at old klow who is he
	layer_12: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugll benny is at old klow who is he

file: 6455-67803-0003.flac
expected: he is my grand uncle explained lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_2: he ias my ran ongl exlan musir c hameloussly her hads a gra deal of money
	layer_4: he his mygrinuncle exclaine luciae cimilissly here has a great deal of money
	layer_6: he is mygran uncle exclained lusia cemulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_8: he is migrint uncle explaimed lucha tremulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_10: he is my grand uncle explaimed lucia tremulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_12: he is my grand uncle explaimed lucha tremulously here has a great deal of money

file: 6455-67803-0004.flac
expected: i do not quite understand grandmamma octavia she said
	layer_2: a ditdnon't cuie andherstake wrenm a mo tifvia she said
	layer_4: i di nont quite inderstak re mama tivia she said
	layer_6: i do not quite understak rot ma motivia she said
	layer_8: i do not quite understake rat mammoctivia she said
	layer_10: i do not quite understake wham mammoctavia she said
	layer_12: i do not quite understake wham mammaooctavia she said

file: 6455-67803-0005.flac
expected: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_2: last nish caint my ron the tak ti me ind his mordish ckime ain an o
	layer_4: last nigtch kin tomy rim the talk to me and this morenish came iginin oh
	layer_6: last nightsh came to my room te talk to me and this mornish came again in oh
	layer_8: last night she came to my room tot talk to me and this morningshe came again an oh
	layer_10: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again an oh
	layer_12: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh

file: 6455-67803-0006.flac
expected: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_2: she brogt eur a dignately how culd hes pic to me an such amaner
	layer_4: she brougg a adignatly how could shespick  me in such a manner
	layer_6: she broge aut indignantly how could she spicked me in such a manner
	layer_8: she broe out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_10: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_12: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner

file: 6455-67803-0007.flac
expected: what did you understand
	layer_2: what the ouwendher sand
	layer_4: what thit yeuinder send
	layer_6: what did you indersand
	layer_8: what did you undersand
	layer_10: what did you understand
	layer_12: what did you understand

file: 6455-67803-0008.flac
expected: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister binnie may leave me his money
	layer_2: i am o run af te aemar e dis nout ter fr me and make my sleltf a tra t iin the o bthat heou rl cand te sn to mariyny cuse mistere beany mawildeve me is money
	layer_4: i am to run after remare e dois not tered for me and make myself a trapd it in the hope hat he wil con te sen to marry me because mister benny may il eave me his money
	layer_6: i am to run after amayre ho does not carre for me and make myself attracptive in the hope tat he will condescin to marry me because mister benny may lieave me his money
	layer_8: i am to run after a marne who does not car for me and make myself a tracpt ive in the hope hat he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_10: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_12: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money

file: 6455-67803-0009.flac
expected: do you wonder that it took even lady theobald a long time to say that
	layer_2: do you wondthere tot it took eve midy fiea along time to say that
	layer_4: do you wondhere that it took evemidy teef ou along time to say that
	layer_6: do you wonder that it took even mitte the about a long time to say that
	layer_8: do you wonder that it took even mii theabout a long time to say that
	layer_10: do you wonder that it took even mitie thi abou a long time to say that
	layer_12: do you wonder that it took even midie thea about a long time to say that

file: 6455-67803-0010.flac
expected: well remarked octavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_2: lell r mar to't tave yu e moln't do it isuppos i would int wmory
	layer_4: lel remardon tave yoo you bon't do it i suppose i would i't worry
	layer_6: lel remarkedouc tivia you ion't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_8: well remarked un tevia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_10: well remarked unc tevia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_12: lell remarked unc tevia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry

file: 6455-67803-0011.flac
expected: oh i always knew it i didn't guess
	layer_2: ol i always no it i di an' gues
	layer_4: oall i always doim i didn't gess
	layer_6: all i always dointg i didn't guess
	layer_8: all i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_10: all i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_12: all i always do it i didn't guess

file: 6455-67803-0012.flac
expected: and she smiled ever so faintly
	layer_2: the susild every si thahtely
	layer_4: i chesmild every sa dahtely
	layer_6: and she smiled every so datly
	layer_8: and she smiled every so dately
	layer_10: and she smiled every so datly
	layer_12: and she smiled ever so datly

file: 6455-67803-0013.flac
expected: that is one of the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_2: that s wom the reasonfwi she lobes me so she adde
	layer_4: that s ien the reasons lhy she load e me so she adde
	layer_6: that islhen the reasons why she lowd me so she added
	layer_8: that is whon the reasons why she lows me so she added
	layer_10: that is on the reasons why she lowes me so she added
	layer_12: that is one the reasons why she loaes me so she added

file: 6455-67803-0014.flac
expected: lucia thought deeply for a moment she recognized all at once several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_2: e should tot deeep leforbem ent she reconized all at wides several things s he had me misstifiede byave efor
	layer_4: be should thot deeply forbermit she reconized all at wites several thing she had bmen misterfied by  bafore
	layer_6: bishald thoght deeply forberment she recognized all at wises several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_8: blisia thought deeply forbement she recognized all at wis several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_10: bicha thought deeply forbiment she recognized all at wives several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_12: licha thought deeply forbiment she recognized all at wives several things she had been mystified by before

file: 6455-67803-0015.flac
expected: octavia smiled a little again
	layer_2: actaviusmaan litdra agarnt
	layer_4: octaious maane litrall againt
	layer_6: actarius maan lidel again
	layer_8: octalius man litteral again
	layer_10: octavius mad litterel again
	layer_12: octavius mad litteral again

file: 6455-67803-0016.flac
expected: lucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_2: mesir sat thinking fer hans clasp titly
	layer_4: muscia sat thinking for hands claspetihtly
	layer_6: muscia sat thinking her hands clasped tihtly
	layer_8: muchia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_10: muchia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_12: muchia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly

file: 6455-67803-0017.flac
expected: i am glad i came here she said at length
	layer_2: i 'm glat i came yeurs said hat lyg
	layer_4: i 'm glod i came yeares said at la
	layer_6: i am glod i came here said at lab
	layer_8: i am glad i came here said atlabe
	layer_10: i am glad i came here said utlebe
	layer_12: i am glad i came here said utlabe

file: 6455-67803-0018.flac
expected: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: i think i shaol never be afrit of ver any more
	layer_4: i think i shall never be affrait of her any more
	layer_6: i think i shall never be afraitd of her any more
	layer_8: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0019.flac
expected: her delicate nostrils were dilated she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_2: her deli cat nast ral teitdalatd id if he hlther head up her brath came vfasd thre was a  hint fegiful tition an orton
	layer_4: her delicat nostrals with alidted in she hel heir head up her brath came vast there was ahint o egiful tatien ind eton
	layer_6: her delicate nostrels wird o laided and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egultatian in hrertun
	layer_8: her delicate nostrils were dilighted and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egfultation in her tone
	layer_10: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exfaltation in her tune
	layer_12: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exfultation in her tune

file: 6455-67803-0020.flac
expected: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_2: she watd very tas ahir she loevet the house
	layer_4: she woaltd very tast a thrs she lofed the house
	layer_6: she walked very tast after she loftd the house
	layer_8: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_10: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_12: she walked very fast after she left the house

file: 6455-67803-0021.flac
expected: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_2: but it was nota gins thim that leci uas in thig nation wish aroutst
	layer_4: but it was not agains tim that lecias in dignation with aroutsd
	layer_6: but it was not against  him that lysheas indignation with arousd
	layer_8: but it was not against him that luci's indignation was eroused
	layer_10: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was eroused
	layer_12: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was eroused

file: 6455-67803-0022.flac
expected: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_2: she wonder tha heat heard her last worts e fans ho hat
	layer_4: she wondere that he hat heard her last worts phefancid he had
	layer_6: she wondered that he had heard her last worts she fancid e had
	layer_8: she wondered thif he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_10: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_12: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had

file: 6455-67803-0023.flac
expected: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_2: yeu tok holl over shaking little harnd and looked d hown a her extidted face
	layer_4: you took hole iver shaking little hand and lookd down a her extided face
	layer_6: you took holever shaking little hand and lookd down ot her extited face
	layer_8: heu took hole iver shaking little hand and looked down an her excited face
	layer_10: he took hold of er shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_12: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face

file: 6455-67803-0024.flac
expected: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_2: i  engery she sid gavenever soo me engry lfor
	layer_4: iam engory she said yave never so me angry werfor
	layer_6: iam angery she said yeave never soon me angry before
	layer_8: i am angry she said yo have never sun me angry before
	layer_10: i am angry she said yeu have never soun men angry before
	layer_12: i am angry she said you have never soon mee angry before

file: 6455-67803-0025.flac
expected: i am on my way to my to lady theobald
	layer_2: ian omy way to miyh t ledy the ablt
	layer_4: an onmy way to my to ledy theabled
	layer_6: i'm on my way to my to ledy theabled
	layer_8: i 'm on my way to my to laddy theobld
	layer_10: i'm on my way to my to lady theobald
	layer_12: i'm on my way to my to lady theobald

file: 6455-67803-0026.flac
expected: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_2: he hold ear han as comblyas before
	layer_4: he hold her hand as comly as before
	layer_6: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_8: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_10: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_12: he held her hand as calmly as before

file: 6455-67803-0027.flac
expected: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_2: what hyo wouln a sad or her he asket she lauged again
	layer_4: what r gulnt as saitor her he asked she laughed again
	layer_6: whata yu guoun i say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_8: what a you gwin tt say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_10: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_12: what are yo goin to say to her he asked she laughed again

file: 6455-67803-0028.flac
expected: he held her hand rather closer
	layer_2: heldher hand rather cleserd
	layer_4: held her hand rather cliserd
	layer_6: held her hand rather cliserd
	layer_8: he held her hand rather cliserd
	layer_10: he held her hand rather clisered
	layer_12: he held her hand rather clisered

file: 6455-67803-0029.flac
expected: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_2: she has mak you very engrysaid
	layer_4: she has maye you very engry e said
	layer_6: she has made you very angryhe said
	layer_8: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_10: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_12: she has made you very angry he said

file: 6455-67803-0030.flac
expected: and then almost before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_2: and then i most he forshi knew was she was doing she was poring forth the whol o erstoy eve more of it than shea dtol otavia
	layer_4: and then i must beforcehe knew what she was doing she was poring forth the wholeof her stoy even more of it than she had toll octivi
	layer_6: and then i must beforce she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had toll activia
	layer_8: and then i must afore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_10: and then i must efore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_12: and then i must efore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia

file: 6455-67803-0031.flac
expected: lucia he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobald you she said with a little start
	layer_2: be shal he said i wisheto we legt me go an tak wit lady theabuld use is en itd little start
	layer_4: lesiall he said i wish th we let me go and talk with lady theabolt you ehes a lit little start
	layer_6: le shal he said i wish yo would let me go and talkd with lady theobolt you shus had with little start
	layer_8: licia he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt you she shen with little start
	layer_10: lecha he said i wish yeu would let me go and talk with lady theobold you she said with little start
	layer_12: lecha he said i wish she would let me go and talk with lady theobald you she said with little start

file: 6455-67803-0032.flac
expected: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_2: njese entere ont me goo or her
	layer_4: gjes he entere lot me go t her
	layer_6: jes he enswered let me go to her
	layer_8: gyes he answered let me go to her
	layer_10: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_12: yes he answered let me go to her

file: 6455-67803-0033.flac
expected: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you need never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: if you will sa yes to that i en icin pomonte but you men never be a frat of herdiyng more
	layer_4: if you will say yes to that i hing acan pomence but you mean never be afait of hearniyn mor
	layer_6: if you will say yes to that i think i con prominse but you mea never be afraite of hear any more
	layer_8: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you mean never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you neen never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you neen never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0034.flac
expected: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_2: the fhierst color dit eliver cheks in the ters rushe to her eyes
	layer_4: the ferst colored thiht outliver cheeks in the tiears rushe to her eyes
	layer_6: the fierce color dight otl ever cheeks and the tears rushe to her eyes
	layer_8: the fierce color died out ofv her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_10: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_12: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes

file: 6455-67803-0035.flac
expected: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_2: shmrasere vias witht e ba tade wok
	layer_4: she rased her ase with a betetic look
	layer_6: she raised her pace with a pathetic look
	layer_8: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_10: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_12: she raised her face with a pathetic look

file: 6455-67803-0036.flac
expected: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his quietest way
	layer_2: i'mdesperatlen lov wit ye he anteredin this quires way
	layer_4: i'mdisperately love whith you he answered in this quireus way
	layer_6: iam desperately in love with you he ansered in this qhuires way
	layer_8: i'm desperately in love with you he answered in this qhuirest way
	layer_10: i'm desperately in love with you he answered in this qhoirest way
	layer_12: i'm desperately in love with you he answered in this qhoirest way

file: 6455-66379-0000.flac
expected: hallo colonel how d'ye sell your wood this time
	layer_2: ilow cono haw dyou l you wood this time
	layer_4: allo kolonel how dyous l your wood this time
	layer_6: allo colonel how deyu stel you wood this time
	layer_8: allo colonel how do o sellyour would this time
	layer_10: alla colonel how doyou sail your would this time
	layer_12: alla colonel how doyou sail your would this time

file: 6455-66379-0001.flac
expected: why capting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the d l
	layer_2: why e atting we mus chare you threen acorder the stime the thoht
	layer_4: whyke apting we must tharge you thren a corder this time the doh
	layer_6: why glapthing we must charg youve threein a carder this time the do
	layer_8: why capting we must charge you three n a quarter this time the do
	layer_10: why captain we must charge you three in a quarter this time the do
	layer_12: why captain we must charge you three in a quarter this time the do

file: 6455-66379-0002.flac
expected: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_2: supper was over n i retira to my upper burth thu thuadteat long side an over looking the braktaple where he caton t deeply engage havin now the other pal as if princibl aponit
	layer_4: supper was over and i retiret to mant uper birth she chuated long side an over looking the bracktable where the captaend with deeply engage havyn now the other pilt as if principble opponet
	layer_6: supper was over and i retired to mete upper birth suctuated longside and overlooking the brak table where the captain with deeply engaged having now the other pilt as if principl opponent
	layer_8: supper was over and i retired to me upper berth situated longside and overlooing the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilote as  principal opponent
	layer_10: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_12: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent

file: 6455-66379-0003.flac
expected: head her in shore then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_2: huder aneure then in take in six c arethe id s goo se to at tomtino cante ver wolieve the gaime now iscatting mrht worm
	layer_4: heder enjore then and takedthin sixcward ther wits good se do ite tomsin a can ver wel leve the gabe now is getting rght wrm
	layer_6: hu her indjore then and take thinm six oorther it's good see to it tomson i can ver well leave the game now i's getting right warm
	layer_8: hed her and jore then and take them six coaro it's good see to it thomsond i can't ver well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_10: hut her in jor then and take them six carser it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_12: hut her in jore then and take them six cuarther it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm

file: 6455-66379-0004.flac
expected: this pilot's beating us all to smash the wooding completed we paddled on again
	layer_2: this polet s beninus all the smash the woldhe complitet we patle on aget
	layer_4: this pulets beatin hs all the smashed the wode complited we pattled on aget
	layer_6: this paletcs beating s all this mashe the wodye completed we paddled on a get
	layer_8: this pilote beating is all thi smashed the wodie completed we paddled on a git
	layer_10: this pilot's beating us all thi smashed the wodie completed we paddled on a git
	layer_12: this pilot's beating us all thi smashed the woodie completed we paddled on a git

file: 6455-66379-0005.flac
expected: they were anxious to learn the game and they did learn it
	layer_2: ther insiestom larind hegame and they dilleard it
	layer_4: their inxious ton lerned the game and they didleard it
	layer_6: their inxius to learnd the game and they didlered it
	layer_8: theyire anxies to learnd the game and they delertit
	layer_10: theywere anxioeus to learne the game and they deleart it
	layer_12: they were anxieus to learne the game and they deleart it

file: 6455-66379-0006.flac
expected: still with all these disadvantages they continued playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_2: stil ith all these esarangis they cantanu pling therg ant it to larne egaime
	layer_4: still with all these is afmanages they continu pling theye want it to learne begain
	layer_6: still with all these is afmanages they continue pling they want ed to learn bhe gan
	layer_8: still with all thes disadvantages they continue playing they want id to learn the game
	layer_10: still with all these disdvantages they continue playing they want it to learn the game
	layer_12: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they want it to learn the game

file: 6455-66379-0007.flac
expected: oh pretty glibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are obliged to keep the middle of the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_2: ou partic liblyse ser replied the mae wecan scarucely thell wa headvbo we ar maeing for wyoura blyd to heep the it old do giver and there is a shed owve of fagrasing
	layer_4: ot preticulibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell wa heav a we armaking for weuare blye to heap then it olde griver and there is a chadove a fograzing
	layer_6: o pretty gliblyes sir replied the maite we can scarcely tell what head a we are making for we are ablig to heap them it olde griver and there is te shadowof a fog rizing
	layer_8: oh pretty glibbly sir relied the mate we can scarcely tell what heay we are making for we are oblige to heap them i old the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_10: oh pretty gliblies sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heavey we are making for we are obliged to heap the mitdole the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_12: oh pretty gliblies sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heavey we are making for we are obliged to heap the itdole the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising

file: 6455-66379-0008.flac
expected: this wood seems rather better than that we took in at yellow face's but we're nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_2: this wits hims rohor bether n that we took an ta gil ofaces but worning aly outagain ind must beloking ot from more
	layer_4: this witsoms rah ford bether tand that we took an a gelopaces but werdninatly out agan ad must be looking out fom more
	layer_6: this wit seems roh for betther than that we took an a gallow faces but wer ningrly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_8: this whit sems rod ford better than that we took initgllow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_10: this wit seems rod ford better than that we took in it yellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_12: this wit seems rod for better than that we took in it yellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more

file: 6455-66379-0009.flac
expected: i saw a light just ahead on the right shall we hail
	layer_2: i's a'l wliehd justhe hun the briat shll we hale
	layer_4: is al liet just t hownd the braght shall we hale
	layer_6: i saw let just o houn the bright shall we hale
	layer_8: i saw a ligt just to haun the bright shall we hail
	layer_10: i saw a light just to hand the bright shall we hail
	layer_12: i saw a light just to hand the bright shall we hail

file: 6455-66379-0010.flac
expected: yes yes replied the captain ring the bell and ask em what's the price of wood up here
	layer_2: jsieast repye the cap en rind the bel an aufhro muchs the pri e a woadt appear
	layer_4: jesiyast repied the capt and reeand the bellanaftenmecs the paite af would appear
	layer_6: yes yest replied the capain re ind the bellan atoimet's the pite of wood apper
	layer_8: yes yes replied the captain rein the bell an a omet's the price of wood apper
	layer_10: yes yes replied the captain ring the bell in afulmets the price of wooduppear
	layer_12: yes yes replied the captain eining the bell in afulmets the price of woodappeer

file: 6455-66379-0011.flac
expected: i've got you again here's double kings
	layer_2: i' what yuly an earsteble kins
	layer_4: i've whuht you lyan nears ebbl kins
	layer_6: i' hought youlia neares deuble king's
	layer_8: i thought yulian near hs devle kings
	layer_10: i thought julian near hs double kings
	layer_12: i tought yulian near his doubile kings

file: 6455-66379-0012.flac
expected: deal sir if you please better luck next time
	layer_2: del serftyou plase ben te loc lextime
	layer_4: deale syrif ou please ben n lock lex time
	layer_6: deal ser if you pleas be n looklex time
	layer_8: deal sir if you please benner luck lex time
	layer_10: deal sir if you please benterluck lex time
	layer_12: deal sir if you please bennerluck lextime

file: 6455-66379-0013.flac
expected: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_2: the ot he pats oise of the gain hero deck how uch hae you
	layer_4: the other polets moice wf tha gain her on deck how wuch have you
	layer_6: the other poet's voice wis again hernon deck how much have you
	layer_8: the other pilot's voice woas again hurn on deck how much have you
	layer_10: the other pilot's voice would again huarn on deck how much have you
	layer_12: the other pilot's voice would again huarn on deck how much have you

file: 6455-66379-0014.flac
expected: only about ten cords sir was the reply of the youthful salesman
	layer_2: lyabout tencourd sir was replived the youthfulseleman
	layer_4: nly about tun cord sir was repliof the youthful salemen
	layer_6: only about tone qurt sir was reply the youthful sailsman
	layer_8: only about tun cort sir was replie of the youthful salesman
	layer_10: only about tenquart sir was replied o the youthful salesman
	layer_12: only about tenquart sir was replied o the youthful salesman

file: 6455-66379-0015.flac
expected: the captain here told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_2: theyfe happin heritl tomsindtakes sixcords which woe las o theiylight in again terntid thettentien to te game
	layer_4: they crappin herital tompsendto chake sixcords which wil last on laylight in again turn oed thettention to the game
	layer_6: the cappen herital tompsend a chake sixcords which woele las to laylight and again turn of tettention to the game
	layer_8: the captaen heritol thomsind o chakes six cords which would last al laylight and again turned attention to the game
	layer_10: the captain hero told thomson do chake six cords which would last to daylight and again turn his attention to the game
	layer_12: the captain herotold thomson da chake six cords which would last to daylight and again turne his attention to the game

file: 6455-66379-0016.flac
expected: the pilots here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_2: tha pallit ser change laces ene diad theys lape
	layer_4: the palit hey or change lases hone did they sleep
	layer_6: the palotes we are change laces hone did they sleep
	layer_8: the pilates he are changed laces whene did they sleep
	layer_10: the pilates here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_12: the palates here changed places when did they sleep

file: 6455-66379-0017.flac
expected: wood taken in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the stream paddling on as usual day at length dawned
	layer_2: witd i coan en tecar f an agan to er place in the midera of the shrem powdling one as usual ga ut lan done
	layer_4: with ay can in the cure of an again too er place in the mideral of the shream powling on as usual gy et length dan
	layer_6: witta g an in the cure of an again took her place in the midderale of the shream powling on his usual day at lengthd on
	layer_8: witting an in the care of an again took her place in the middle of the shream powdling on as usual day at lengthdan
	layer_10: witticg an in the harovan again took her place in the middle of the stream powdling on as usual day at length dawn
	layer_12: witticg an in the harovan again took her place in the middle of the stream powling on as usual day at length dawn

file: 6455-66379-0018.flac
expected: i had risen and went out with the captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_2: i d risin on wer out with a capten to enjoyof ye of the blops
	layer_4: i had rison hin went out with a capaen to enjoy of yeu of the blufs
	layer_6: i had risene in went out with a captin to enjoy of you of the bluffs
	layer_8: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy of vou of the bluffs
	layer_10: i had risen and went out with tha capain to enjoy a vew of the bluffs
	layer_12: i had risen and went out with the captain to enjoy a vew of the bluffs

file: 6455-66379-0019.flac
expected: there it is exclaimed the captain stop her
	layer_2: tlerdas exclin thi chapptaan stopper
	layer_4: lereda s excleim the capen stoper
	layer_6: laerdays exclime the capains stopper
	layer_8: layrdaes exclaine the captain stopp er
	layer_10: larades exclaimd the captain stop her
	layer_12: larades exclaime the captain stop her

file: 1686-142278-0000.flac
expected: he was gone
	layer_2: he was gone
	layer_4: he was gong
	layer_6: he was gone
	layer_8: he was gone
	layer_10: he was gone
	layer_12: he was gone

file: 1686-142278-0001.flac
expected: no more deep blue skies or crimson and amber tints
	layer_2: no wo devep uskys uf chims on n am thetins
	layer_4: no mr deep luskyes of himson nan bhe tins
	layer_6: no more deep lu skis of clrims on aen ambertins
	layer_8: no more deep blu skies or crimson en ambatins
	layer_10: no more deep blue skis or crimson and ambatins
	layer_12: no more deep blue skies of crimson and ambatens

file: 1686-142278-0002.flac
expected: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her thinking over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_2: she sad by aself at the fire withounmighto candeled on the tabll behind her an gil over the day the happ hywark hapy skatching jeafule pleasin dinne and the un comfotifle miserble worlking the goden
	layer_4: she sat by aself at the fire with unmlighted candleds on the table behind her a giloverh the day the happy walk happy scetching jaeful pleasan dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_6: she sat by herself at the fire with unmighted candleds on the table behind her and gil over the day the happy walk happy sketching cherful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_8: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her and gi over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_10: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her n gil over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_12: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her n gil over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden

file: 1686-142278-0003.flac
expected: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if briefs success and all its superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_2: ha was she dosterbdin thm happy he cus a rinsting her made anything buchtao refusof im possibale hile he not many minus afto hhad med withe rejection a what bardmaof bemd the depest holese wel pos alof his life cuspeeg as ife it's pris succeiys an on a sopl ficial cons aquences of a good haus plever n a greable tociety wherth a sol o voud objects o yoses esyies o der
	layer_4: her was she disturbed in than happy hecause arinsting hen made anything buthto refusl impossible while he not many minus after he ad met with ha regection or what orgm ve ben the deepest holieus prepos alove his life cospeak as if its briees success and halisuperficial consequencees of a good house clever in agrable tociety with a sol oboued objects of medies ygas o dear
	layer_6: here was she disturbed int than happy because a rinsting had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minue after he had met with a rejection on what ord have bein the deepest holys proposeal of his life cuspeke as if its briefs success in all his superficial consequences of a good house clever ind agreeble tociety wirth a soul about objects of musesirs o dear
	layer_8: here was she disturbed a tan happy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection on what orden have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if its brief success an all his superficial consequences of a good house clever an agreeable society wirth a soul aboed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_10: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with ha rejection on what orde have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if its brief success and all thes superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were a souil avowed objects on his desires oh dear
	layer_12: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection on what ordre have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if its brief success and all he superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were a soil avowed objects on his desires oh dear

file: 1686-142278-0004.flac
expected: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_2: i mothe came ing to the room before tiswrl of those wath a jestad into any ting like order
	layer_4: i mo ther came into the room before tis worl of thosed wath a justed into anything like order
	layer_6: umother came into the room before this worl of thougst wath adjusted into anything like order
	layer_8: ur mother came into the room before this wirl of thought was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_10: our mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_12: our mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order

file: 1686-142278-0005.flac
expected: mister hale sipped his tea in abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_2: mister hal sipdt histhy inatdrect et cilencs morgaert headthe responses oln to hiself
	layer_4: mister hale siptd histohe enobstractet silence margaret had the responces alto hirself
	layer_6: mister hale sipped his tea inostracted silence margaret had the responses alto herself
	layer_8: mister hale sipped his tea and obstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_10: mister hale sipped his tea and abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_12: mister hale sipped his tea and abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself

file: 1686-142278-0006.flac
expected: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_2: she forl gott that he had not made h in yn ofor
	layer_4: she for got that he had not made the hyn offer
	layer_6: she forgot that he had not made them han offer
	layer_8: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_10: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_12: she forgot that he had not made them an offer

file: 1686-142278-0007.flac
expected: margaret was preparing her mother's worsted work and rather shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_2: margart was rere paring hem mot ers wrst et work ande all the shtrin kingk fromn ahe thught of bhelong eveming and whishing bet ime were con thet she my go  or the ivints of the da agan
	layer_4: margaret was wereparing hem mother's worstit work andr al the shrinkig from ht thought of the long eedning and wishing bed time were come that she mit go over the evence of the day again
	layer_6: margaret was reparing her mother's worsted work and rall the shrinkimg from thte thought of the long eevening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the evense of the day again
	layer_8: margaret was repairing her mother's worstid work and all the shrinkkime from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_10: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and ratther shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_12: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and rather shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the events of the day again

file: 1686-142278-0008.flac
expected: margaret
	layer_2: lagert
	layer_4: larberts
	layer_6: lawbrt
	layer_8: labet
	layer_10: labt
	layer_12: labrt

file: 1686-142278-0009.flac
expected: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_2: an spea y thout som hin veir y seristo aso
	layer_4: i anto speak o you that some thain very seemus to a saw
	layer_6: i want to speak to you abot something very se mis to a saw
	layer_8: i want to speak to you about something very seemious to us aw
	layer_10: i want to speak to you about something very seenrious to us all
	layer_12: i want to speak to you about something very seerious to us all

file: 1686-142278-0010.flac
expected: very serious to us all
	layer_2: therery searis to asal
	layer_4: vhery seris to a sal
	layer_6: ver y serus to a sal
	layer_8: very serust to assaul
	layer_10: very serious to assaul
	layer_12: very serious to assaul

file: 1686-142278-0011.flac
expected: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any private conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_2: mistee lenecsad never had the o prehunlity of hani any puois comthe sation with a father of ter heom revusl or el sthatd would indee be ae very se resafair
	layer_4: mister lenic anever had the oprecunity of henig any pise conisation with a father ofter her revusal or els thad wout indeed be af very se ries affair
	layer_6: mister lennocx ad never had the opprcunity of haming any poit wcs covisation with e father after her revusal or else thad would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_8: mister lennox had never had the opprchunity of havving any pointwhch conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_10: mister lennox had never had the oppcunity of having any pointwhich conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_12: mister lennox had never had the oppecunity of having any pointwich conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair

file: 1686-142278-0012.flac
expected: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_2: but she soon felt it was not o bout anything which having only lately and sudenily acgourd could ave given riced to anhe compiccatid thoughs that a fatherwish aspeake to her
	layer_4: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly acgurd could have given riced tw inycomplicated thoughts that a father wishe to speak to her
	layer_6: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occured could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wished to speak to her
	layer_8: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_10: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_12: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her

file: 1686-142278-0013.flac
expected: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_2: miste hallded not answoffrm mi dogter
	layer_4: mister haledid not aounswer frmman datuor
	layer_6: mister hal did not answer form min a dote
	layer_8: mister hale did not answer for him min a doghter
	layer_10: mister hale did not answer for himiadotter
	layer_12: mister hale did not answer for him iadotter

file: 1686-142278-0014.flac
expected: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_2: malrgart could not ba thes siht of the sin spins wich waseven more destressing to her fathat thand to herself
	layer_4: margaret could not ba thei sight of the suspince which was even more distressing to her fathert then to herself
	layer_6: margaret could not beay the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_8: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_10: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_12: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself

file: 1686-142278-0015.flac
expected: but why dear papa do tell me
	layer_2: but wy dipfa din tell me
	layer_4: but wy dippot don' tell me
	layer_6: but why deep pi don't tell me
	layer_8: but why dear papa don' tell me
	layer_10: but why dear papa dont tell me
	layer_12: but why dear papa do tell me

file: 1686-142278-0016.flac
expected: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_2: because i must no long o bei minister in the church of ing lant
	layer_4: because i must no long of be in minister in the church of engand
	layer_6: because i must no longeor be a minister in the church of england
	layer_8: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_10: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_12: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england

file: 1686-142278-0017.flac
expected: but nothing to the shock she received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_2: het nothing to the shroptrur receeap on mhis to hails laspeh what could hoe meae
	layer_4: hat nothing to the shrocture receipd rom mis te halls laspech what could heu mean
	layer_6: ut nothing to the shropture receipved from mister hal's lastspeech what could he mean
	layer_8: but nothing to the shrupthre received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_10: bhut nothing to the shruktshure received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_12: but nothing to the shruktsure received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean

file: 1686-142278-0018.flac
expected: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_2: it was on the wors for bengsof risteariaus
	layer_4: it was andthe wors for being so risterious
	layer_6: it was alle worse for being so rysterious
	layer_8: it was all the worse for being so rysterious
	layer_10: it was al the worse for being so rmystirious
	layer_12: it was all the worse for being so mysterious

file: 1686-142278-0019.flac
expected: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_2: what kang yu kno longo bhe aclargyue
	layer_4: wha can you know longer be aclergu man
	layer_6: why can you kno longer be a clersyoman
	layer_8: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_10: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_12: why can yo no longer be a clergyman

file: 1686-142278-0020.flac
expected: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard unjust
	layer_2: soly  the bishe watold all wy mo  but fadry and the hard an just
	layer_4: surly if the bishe wetold all we no about faderikt and the hard ind just
	layer_6: surely if the bisho woere told all we know about frederie and the hard and just
	layer_8: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard en just
	layer_10: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard en just
	layer_12: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard en just

file: 1686-142278-0021.flac
expected: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_2: lmogarts i will tell you bottes
	layer_4: logaret i will tell you boucit
	layer_6: logaret i will tell you aboutch it
	layer_8: lorgaret i will tell you abouth it
	layer_10: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_12: margaret i will tell you about it

file: 1686-142278-0022.flac
expected: i will answer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_2: ar relaonso any questes this once thut ofter to knight leteust nebe speak of it again
	layer_4: i welanswe any questers this once bhut after to night let us neber speak of it again
	layer_6: i relancswer any questures this wonce but after to night let us neber speak of it again
	layer_8: i will answer any questiones this wants but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_10: i will answer any question this wants but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_12: i will answer any questions this wants but after to night let us never speak of it again

file: 1686-142278-0023.flac
expected: i can meet the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering
	layer_2: i can nmed the constiquencees of myt painful misuribled dhout but it is an egh ort beyon me to speak l what has caulse me so wrlh sufering
	layer_4: i can nmed the consequences of my painful nmisurable doubt but it is aneghfot beyond me to speak o what has cauls me so murldh suffring
	layer_6: i cannee the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caulsed me so med suffering
	layer_8: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsed me so mu suffering
	layer_10: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsed me so much suffering
	layer_12: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has calsed me so much suffering

file: 1686-142278-0024.flac
expected: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_2: no not doutsas torelagion no thslig es indreato that he paused
	layer_4: no not doubts as to elagion noe theslightes indryto that he paused
	layer_6: no not doubtsas to religion nor the slightest intjre to that he paused
	layer_8: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_10: no not doubt as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_12: no not doubt as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused

file: 1686-142278-0025.flac
expected: margaret sighed as if standing on the verge of some new horror
	layer_2: margarat sid as if standing on the worge of someenya hor
	layer_4: margaret sit as if standing on the worge of somena horoa
	layer_6: margaret sigde as if standing on the worge of some nehoro
	layer_8: margaret sighed as if standing on the word of some nahorro
	layer_10: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of some nahora
	layer_12: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of some nahora

file: 1686-142278-0026.flac
expected: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_2: mingert howin lov the whol y joege frorm wetmed to be shut out
	layer_4: margared how i nlove the wholdechoge from whitrime to be shut out
	layer_6: margaret how i love the holdy churge from whechtrim to be shut out
	layer_8: margaret how i loved the holy churge from which im to be shut out
	layer_10: margaret how i loved the holy churge from which i am o be shut out
	layer_12: margaret how i loved the holy churge from which i am to be shut out

file: 1686-142278-0027.flac
expected: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_2: he could not go on for a momen joto
	layer_4: he could not go one for a momenjat o
	layer_6: he could not go on for a moment joto
	layer_8: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_10: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_12: he could not go on for a moment or two

file: 1686-142278-0028.flac
expected: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to turn mahometan
	layer_2: magartd could not til what to say as seemed to heres tearr  byu musterious as if fa falther were about do hn m him alden
	layer_4: margaret could not tel what to say as seemd to her as teribu misterious as if for father were about  to hm ma him adean
	layer_6: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to heres terribu mysterious as if for father were about to to him himmaten
	layer_8: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to herress terribly mysterious as if her father were about to hm mhameten
	layer_10: margaret could not tell what to say it seem to heras terribly mysterious as if her father were about to hm mhimotin
	layer_12: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to heras terribly mysterious as if her father were about to hm mhimotin

file: 1686-142278-0029.flac
expected: the one staid foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and rocking
	layer_2: the one stat foundation of her home of her i deof r beloveid father them reling hi ooking
	layer_4: the on stayte foundation of her home of her idea of ar beloved father shimrealing hin woloking
	layer_6: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father shime reeling in wocking
	layer_8: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seem reeling and woking
	layer_10: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and walking
	layer_12: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and walking

file: 1686-142278-0030.flac
expected: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embarked
	layer_2: he swalloer down the dri churkingsof which had beeng heving upfon his heart it the t and going to his ber case hei t ooke downe ofvoll un whiche haed offtim ben eding lakey id fromn which he thought he ha do riesprinth to ainter apon the cous in whiche was now in bof
	layer_4: he swallowd down the dryh choking sofes which had been heaving up from his heart i the tou and going to his bercase head took down a volun which he had oftren beein weading latly i from which he thought he had derived strinth to enteropon the cose in which he was now am bot
	layer_6: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart it thetor and going to his bookcase he took down a volune which he had offteen bein weading lately in from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the couse in which he was now in bofb
	layer_8: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hetherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the cause in which he was now inbobed
	layer_10: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the cause in which he was now embolbbed
	layer_12: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the cause in which he was now embobbed

file: 1686-142278-0031.flac
expected: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_2: lnistant dey magart said he pbut e one omr ound har rast
	layer_4: listen't dea margaret said he but he one am aroun her raiste
	layer_6: listendear margaret said he put ing one arm around her raste
	layer_8: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm around her raist
	layer_10: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_12: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist

file: 1686-142278-0032.flac
expected: when god will not use thee in one kind yet he will in another
	layer_2: when gad wll notuse den one kined yet he will an another
	layer_4: when god will not use deen one kind yet he will an another
	layer_6: when god will not use deean onekind yet he will in another
	layer_8: when god will not use deen one kind yet he will in another
	layer_10: when god will not use dein one kind yet he will in another
	layer_12: when god will not use din one kind yet he will in another

file: 1686-142278-0033.flac
expected: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy vows thou pretendest a necessity for it in order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_2: if when though ar chage with gorrupting galsiship folr sifoind thy wos theur pretendesst and the cessisty or it nder to a cotinurns in the ministry
	layer_4: if when though ar charge with corupting galds worship farsofind thy wels thoug pretendesd and tecessesty or it onnoder to a continuence in the ministry
	layer_6: if when though are charged with corrupting god's worship falso fyind thy wous though pretendus and necessasty or it own oder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_8: if when thouh are charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy ralhs though pretendes a necessasty or it on n oder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_10: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifyiing thy rols though pretendest a necessaty or its onan oda to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_12: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifing thy rolths though pretendest a necessaty or its onan oda to a continuance in the ministry

file: 1686-142278-0034.flac
expected: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_2: as he read this an glanseand mich mar which he did not wed he gaine resaution for himself and felt as if e to could be brae and tohrm in doing whaght he believed to be it ut as he seezed he head morgerts lo convulsis so and his curred saneg down under the kend sense of suffhring
	layer_4: as he read this end glance at much more which he did not reat he gain resiution for himself and felt as if he too could be brabe and fm in doing what he believed to be wiht ut as he ceased he heard margarets low convulses sob and his courried sang down under the ken sinse of sufferingt
	layer_6: as he read this ind glanced at much more which he did not read he gaine resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be white but as he ceased he heard morgaret's low convulsivs sob and his courried sang down under the keens sense of suffering
	layer_8: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gaine resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his curra sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_10: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courrage sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_12: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courrage sang down under the keen sense of suffering

file: 1686-142278-0035.flac
expected: i have borne long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_2: i have bone long with slf rpulh ther ould hav rous anyg myn lesst lpet and cowd e behen mine
	layer_4: i have bone long with saf reporch there would haverouse any mine less tabid and cowdly bhen mine
	layer_6: i have bone long with saf reporch there would have rouse any mind less tarpid and cowdly than mine
	layer_8: i have bone long with saf repoach that would have roused any mind less torpin an cowardly than mine
	layer_10: i have bone long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid an cowardly than mine
	layer_12: i have bone long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid an cowardly than mine

file: 1686-142278-0036.flac
expected: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_2: he shook his hed es yeou wen ton
	layer_4: he shook his head is you wentdon
	layer_6: he shook his head as you went on
	layer_8: he shook his head as ye went on
	layer_10: he shook his head as yo went on
	layer_12: he shook his head as yo went on

file: 1686-142278-0037.flac
expected: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_2: margarts i trid to do it i tried to contend myself witsh simpflu refusing vi disedtrlr rifeent and sopping quitely here stryngm mi contioncse now as i had strained tod befor
	layer_4: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the disoal prefrelent and soppin quitely here strangyg my consciance now as i had straindid before
	layer_6: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the disna preferement and soping quietly here stranging my conscience now as i had straind it before
	layer_8: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the ddisional preferement and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_10: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional prefrment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_12: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional prefrement and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before

file: 1686-142278-0038.flac
expected: god forgive me
	layer_2: goats wha kie me
	layer_4: gots hoo give me
	layer_6: thoght's lorgive me
	layer_8: gods forgive me
	layer_10: god forgive me
	layer_12: god forgive me

file: 1686-142278-0039.flac
expected: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but few
	layer_2: here als and wokd up en down the rom speakinig o words of sef le pogh an ho theiation a which margart was tankfulto hea but a few
	layer_4: heros and walked up and down the room speaking o words of sef ly proach and humiiation a which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_6: huros and walked up and down the room speaking low words of selfreproach and humiliation af which margaret was thankful to her but a few
	layer_8: heroes and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_10: heroes and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation o which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_12: heroes and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation o which margaret was thankful to hear but a few

file: 1686-142278-0040.flac
expected: margaret i return to the old sad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_2: magaert ire returned to theil said burd in we must leve helston
	layer_4: margaret i returned to the al said birden we must leave helston
	layer_6: margaret i returned to the ald said burden we must leave helstone
	layer_8: margaret i returned to the old said burden we must leave helstone
	layer_10: margaret i returned to the oldsaid burden we must leave helstone
	layer_12: margaret i returned to the oldsaid burden we must leave helstone

file: 1686-142278-0041.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: tes
	layer_4: yes
	layer_6: yes
	layer_8: yes
	layer_10: yes
	layer_12: yes

file: 1686-142278-0042.flac
expected: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_2: i  rittin to the bishue i day sy ihve told you so but i forget things ts now said mister hale calapting um to hse dopressed mannr assoon is e cane to took of hart matrof bac detld hin forming hime wof my ine toangien to resyn his peckorriage
	layer_4: i hae writtento the bisherp i day say ihave told you so but i forget things jusnow said mister hale callapting int his deu pressed manna as soorn ins he came yto took of hard matrof fac detailed informing him of my intengion to resign hespikerage
	layer_6: i have written to the bisho i day say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapting into his depressed manner assoonac he came to took of hard matter of fact detail informing him of my intention to resign thi s vicurage
	layer_8: i have written to the bishop i dar say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapting into his depressed manner as soon as he came to tolk of hard matter of fact detailes informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_10: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact detail informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_12: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact detail informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage

file: 1686-142278-0043.flac
expected: they are but what i have tried upon myself without avail
	layer_2: they ou but what i have crit upon myself yoi bau t iawa
	layer_4: they ou pbut what i have tryed upon myself wit thaut wayl
	layer_6: they aurt but what i have tried upon myself withot awal
	layer_8: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail
	layer_10: theye are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail
	layer_12: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail

file: 1686-142278-0044.flac
expected: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be the parting from my dear people
	layer_2: that wrl be atil but wors farwors woldwbetd depoarnting fom myde appeople
	layer_4: that will be a cile but wers farwas wilrl with departing for my dea people
	layer_6: that will be a cuil but worse farwors will be departing for my dea people
	layer_8: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be departing from my dear people
	layer_10: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be departing from my dear people
	layer_12: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be departing from my dear people

file: 1686-142278-0045.flac
expected: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_2: he will come to stay rit usk to morow
	layer_4: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_6: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_8: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_10: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_12: he will come to stay with us to morrow

file: 1686-142278-0046.flac
expected: was it to be so sudden then
	layer_2: was ti to beceonsado men
	layer_4: was it to be son sadear men
	layer_6: was it to be sonsado men
	layer_8: was it to be sosid o men
	layer_10: was it to be sonside of men
	layer_12: was it to be sonside o men

file: 1686-142278-0047.flac
expected: what does mamma say
	layer_2: what is mama say
	layer_4: what is myma say
	layer_6: what is mama saiy
	layer_8: what is mama say
	layer_10: what is ma'ma say
	layer_12: what is mama say

file: 1686-142278-0048.flac
expected: margaret i am a poor coward after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_2: margret i am a poull coll and oter all i can nont bad to give paind
	layer_4: margret i am ha pooll calwint after a i cannon bed to give pained
	layer_6: margaret i am the pool callwad after all i cannot be to give pained
	layer_8: margaret i am a poorl coled after all i cannot bete to give pain
	layer_10: margaret i am a poor colwan after all i cannot be to give pain
	layer_12: margaret i am a poor collwan after all i cannot bea to give pain

file: 1686-142278-0049.flac
expected: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_2: yes in teedc she most said mogert
	layer_4: yes inded she monst said nawgard
	layer_6: yes indeed she most said nouggaret
	layer_8: yes indeed she most said magaret
	layer_10: yes indeed she most said margaret
	layer_12: yes indeed she most said margaret

file: 1686-142278-0050.flac
expected: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_2: aps affr ol she maynot o yes
	layer_4: perhaps ofter alled she may not oh yes
	layer_6: perhaps ofter all she may not oh yes
	layer_8: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_10: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_12: perhaps after all she may not oh yes

file: 1686-142278-0051.flac
expected: she will she must be shocked' as the force of the blow returned upon herself in trying to realise how another would take it
	layer_2: she wall she must be shoktd as ta forceof the blowryturned upont herself en tryingd to realis howunovbher wor dakeet
	layer_4: she welle she must be shoed as a forcealf the blowreturned upon herself n crying to rea lis how enother woeuld tak et
	layer_6: she well she must be shot as ta force of the blow returned upon herself en crying to relis how another would take it
	layer_8: she will she must be shoct as the force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_10: she will she must be shocked as the force of the blow returned upon herself ind trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_12: she will she must be shocked as the force of the blow returned upon herself in trying to realize how another would take it

file: 1686-142278-0052.flac
expected: to milton northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment strive to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of the pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_2: tomill to nor them he answed with a dul indiffent for hey et hos seeve that l though hes tought os leve hand made her clain to him a for a momens trie to soot himg with helo eet the keness of the pain was as freshas ever in hem mind
	layer_4: to milto knor then he answered with a dunmandifference for he at peceived that although his daughthis leve had made her claimed to him and for a momen stribe to sooth him with har love eet the keeness of de pain was as freshas ever in her mind
	layer_6: to milto nor then he answered with a dum indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her clame to him and for a momentstribed to sooth him with her love yet the keenness of depain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_8: to mill to northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dopain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_10: to mil to northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her clainm to him and for a moment stried to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dapain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_12: to mill to northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment stried to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dapain was as fresh as ever in her mind

file: 1686-142278-0053.flac
expected: milton northern
	layer_2: mil to e ote
	layer_4: mito then otha
	layer_6: milt an atharn
	layer_8: melt if an outhor
	layer_10: melt if an author
	layer_12: melt if an author

file: 1686-142278-0054.flac
expected: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way
	layer_2: yes said he the sand isponden indifom way
	layer_4: yes said he ithe same ispondont hin different way
	layer_6: yes said he in the same disponden indifferent way
	layer_8: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_10: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_12: yes said he in the same despondent in different way

file: 1686-142278-0055.flac
expected: but he with his quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_2: tat heng with his quak in ce it ivf simpthig reaten her face as in e mirrar the reflections of his own moodidepresion and turneded offi in nefet
	layer_4: but he with this quick inceitive sempthy read in her face as in ameror the reflections of his own moodidepression and turnedid off it tanefort
	layer_6: but he with this quick intuative sympathy read in her face as in amirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_8: but he with this quick intuative sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_10: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_12: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort

file: 1686-142278-0056.flac
expected: you shall be told all margaret
	layer_2: yoe shall be tol dho mobet
	layer_4: yo shall be tol do mabwret
	layer_6: you shall be told thouh marbreth
	layer_8: ye shall be told though marbaret
	layer_10: yo shall be told though margaret
	layer_12: yo shall be told though margaret

file: 1686-142278-0057.flac
expected: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_2: only helpt med to tell your mather
	layer_4: only help me to tell you mother
	layer_6: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_8: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_10: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_12: only help me to tell your mother

file: 1686-142278-0058.flac
expected: i am going out for the day to bid farmer dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_2: i am ging ou for the day to bit far the dobson in the poo peple o bacy comman oud by
	layer_4: i am goaing out for the day to bit fathe dobson in the poo people on bracy common god by
	layer_6: i am going out for the day to bit farthe dobson in the poor people onbracy common good bye
	layer_8: i am going out for the day to bid fathe dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_10: i am going out for the day to bid father dobson and the poor people on bracey common good bye
	layer_12: i am going out for the day to bid father dobson and the poor people on bracey common good bye

file: 1686-142278-0059.flac
expected: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_2: whucd yoi dislike brakng it to her veryn lutch wagerth
	layer_4: would you dislike brakng t to her bery much wagaret
	layer_6: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_8: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_10: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_12: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret

file: 1686-142278-0060.flac
expected: margaret did dislike it did shrink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_2: margar dod as likeet didc ching frorm t more than pron any thingthued ever had to doin heo life before
	layer_4: margare did is like it didshing from it more than from anything tured ever had to doin her life before
	layer_6: margaret did islike it didshing from it more than from anything she had ever had to doing her life before
	layer_8: margaret didt aslike it didshring from it more than from anything she had ever had to doin her life before
	layer_10: margaret didt aslike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_12: margaret didt aslike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before

file: 1686-142278-0061.flac
expected: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_2: mister hel shook his head the sponding nmy hi presset er hand ind token of grattitued
	layer_4: mister hel shook his head the sponding ty he pressed her hand an token of gratitud
	layer_6: mister hal shook his head dispondingly hepressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_8: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_10: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_12: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude

file: 1686-142278-0062.flac
expected: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_2: margaet as neeyep sitagainn ingto birst ove cin
	layer_4: margaret pas nely up set again ingto  burst of king
	layer_6: margaret as naly up set again into a burst of kine
	layer_8: margaret as nearly upset again into a burst of kinde
	layer_10: margaret thus nearly upset again into a burst of cine
	layer_12: margaret thus nearly upset again into a burst of cine

file: 1686-142278-0063.flac
expected: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what our plans are
	layer_2: to dan hr thoulds she said now tell me te pa what up nane
	layer_4: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me te pa what up nansar
	layer_6: to tern her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up nanza
	layer_8: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what upnanza
	layer_10: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up nanza
	layer_12: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up nanzard

file: 1686-142278-0064.flac
expected: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know
	layer_2: youhan ma ma have sae monei in deependen of the incom fom the lifing have not you on cho has i kno
	layer_4: you had mama have some money independen of the incom fom the lifing have not you on crow has i know
	layer_6: you ad mamma have some money in dependent of the incom from the lifing have not you on sroy has i know
	layer_8: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you on cho has i know
	layer_10: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you oun shawe has i know
	layer_12: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you on shaw has i know

file: 1686-142278-0065.flac
expected: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_2: soven teo'lve tat his alwys con to fregorig sinte has wen ha brod
	layer_4: sevente of that his alwasgoneto frederick since has ween a broad
	layer_6: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has gwen abroad
	layer_8: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_10: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_12: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad

file: 1686-142278-0066.flac
expected: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_2: must have soe pafoa serving wilh e spansharing
	layer_4: must have some a payfor serving with despand chari
	layer_6: must have some pay for serving with de spand charmy
	layer_8: yo must have some pay for serving with the spanscharmi
	layer_10: yo must have some pay for serving with the spancharmine
	layer_12: you must have some pay for serving with the spancharmaine

file: 1686-142278-0067.flac
expected: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his own a hundred is left
	layer_2: fedrit must not serfer fand lagbrt do siedeamle in a farne cuntre so in jusli tre tod by us an anders is left
	layer_4: frederick must not surfer sand margaert decigdoly in a forign country so injustly treated by hisarn a hunders is left
	layer_6: frederic must not suffer said margaret decidenly in a foreign country so un justly treated by his arm he hundrers is left
	layer_8: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm ha hundrers has left
	layer_10: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm a hundreds is left
	layer_12: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm a hundreds is left

file: 1686-142278-0068.flac
expected: no
	layer_2: no
	layer_4: now
	layer_6: no
	layer_8: no
	layer_10: no
	layer_12: no

file: 1686-142278-0069.flac
expected: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_2: said misd t l that would not onwir i must dou some taink
	layer_4: said mister al that would not answert i must do somethink
	layer_6: said mister hale that would not answer i must do somethingk
	layer_8: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_10: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_12: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something

file: 1686-142278-0070.flac
expected: i can always decide better by myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_2: i can al wis desci bet t o o myself and not inflace by those whon my love said he as ir half o polidy for having erain so mihcht refor ye told any one of his fonm dy of his emntantions
	layer_4: i canol ways decid bet ofor myself and not influnce by those whom my love said he as a half o poligy for having arain so much brefore ye told any one of his famthy of his intentions
	layer_6: i can always decide bettepo myself and not influenced by those whom my love said he as a half apoloty for having arraine so much before he had told any one of his famity of his intentions
	layer_8: i can always decide better y myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arrainged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_10: i can always decide better fy myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arrainged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_12: i can always decide better fy myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions

file: 1686-142278-0071.flac
expected: i cannot stand objections
	layer_2: i can not tstamde ofbjections
	layer_4: i can nots tam objections
	layer_6: i cannotstam objections
	layer_8: i cannot stamn objections
	layer_10: i cannot stam objections
	layer_12: i cannot stam objections

file: 1686-142278-0072.flac
expected: they make me so undecided
	layer_2: ey mak e sow end decid id
	layer_4: i make me sew an decid id
	layer_6: i make me so unddecided
	layer_8: i make me so undecided
	layer_10: i make me so undecided
	layer_12: i make me so undecided

file: 1686-142278-0073.flac
expected: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of doubt became more than i could bear without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_2: mis teo hail com tin oued a few montsa g when my mis you hof debp be cang moe that li could bay with out sbeeaking i rot to iste bell youw membemisted bell mogaert
	layer_4: mister hale continued ha few monhs agir when my missreu hove dap becang more than i could bey without speaking i rope to misto bell you rmembermiste bell morgart
	layer_6: mister hale continued a few months agir when my misrye of dap becamne more than i could bey without speaking i rope to mister bell you remember mister belle margaret
	layer_8: mister hale continued a few months ago when my miserye of dapt became more than i could bay without speaking i wrope to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_10: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dapt became more than i could bay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_12: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dapt became more than i could bay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret

file: 1686-142278-0074.flac
expected: no i never saw him i think
	layer_2: no i nevehe sowy him lifthing
	layer_4: no i never saw him i thingk
	layer_6: no i never saw him i think
	layer_8: no i never saw him i think
	layer_10: no i never saw him i think
	layer_12: no i never saw him i think

file: 1686-142278-0075.flac
expected: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in value since milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_2: and anyrat he has fopaty ve which has very mi c inpreased an veldin is andce niltin has becom such a lageumandyeu facturing town
	layer_4: and any rate he has foperty ther which has very michin preased onvaldiess inds miltin has become such  largeman eufactoring town
	layer_6: and any rate he has foperty there which has very much impresed invaldiness andcsmilton has become such a largemanufacturing town
	layer_8: at any rate he has foperty there which has very much increased in valdiess incsmilton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_10: at any rate he has proparty there which has very much increased in valvues since milton has become such a larger manufacturing town
	layer_12: at any rate he has froperty there which has very much increased in valvue since milton has become such a larger manufacturing town

file: 1686-142278-0076.flac
expected: i don't know that he gave me much strength
	layer_2: i don'th now that he gaimyg mid srand
	layer_4: i don' know that he ga e mi strent
	layer_6: i don't know that he gave me myght sprenth
	layer_8: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_10: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_12: i don't know that he gave me my strength

file: 1686-142278-0077.flac
expected: a private tutor
	layer_2: a priv e cutir
	layer_4: a privevhih choter
	layer_6: a privacutar
	layer_8: a private cuter
	layer_10: a private cutar
	layer_12: a private cuter

file: 1686-142278-0078.flac
expected: said margaret looking scornful what in the world do manufacturers want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_2: said margaret tooking scoful what in he wrldin maniy factuas wat with tha casics olitritur or the a comelisops o regentlmen
	layer_4: said margaret looking scholinful what in the world ed many factures want with he clasics olitriaature o the accomliteo s o ragentleman
	layer_6: said margaret looking scornful what in the world din manufactres want with te classics ofliterature or the accomlishinen sir a gentleman
	layer_8: said margaret looking scornful what in the world did manufactures want with te classics of literature or the accomplishiments of a gentleman
	layer_10: said margaret looking scornful what in the world did manufactures want with the classics of literature o the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_12: said margaret looking scornful what in the world did manufactures want with the classics of literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman

file: 1686-142278-0079.flac
expected: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscious of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at oxford is
	layer_2: oh said her father some of the lay seend to befind fellows contante of therown difisiences which is more than manyi moanat boxstetis
	layer_4: oh said her father some of them raly seemed to be fine fellows contance of the rown deficiencies which is more than many man at boxlhat is
	layer_6: oh said her father some of them raly seemed to be fine fellows contence of their own deficiencies which is more than many man at boxlat is
	layer_8: oh said her father some of them really seeme to be fine fellows contience of their own deficiencies which is more than manny a man at boxlet is
	layer_10: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscients of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at boxlet is
	layer_12: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscients of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at boxlet is

file: 1686-142278-0080.flac
expected: some want their children to be better instructed than they themselves have been
	layer_2: so ong the churdren to be pat in stroctevd tehen day ehemsel hare been
	layer_4: so one the chirrent to be bat instructave than they behemselve have beeng
	layer_6: some ont the chilren to be betinstructive than they tehemselve have been
	layer_8: some want ther children to be bettr instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_10: some want thei children to be better instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_12: some want thei children to be better instructive than they themselves have been

file: 1686-142278-0081.flac
expected: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and scenes so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_2: and in milton wararet i shall fyind to busi lifeif not tha happy one and peopl and seine so diffrent that i shal never be rin mined e of helston
	layer_4: and in milton mararet i shall find a busy life if not i happy one and people and seen so different that i shall never be re mined of helston
	layer_6: an in milton margarett i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seem so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_8: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seen so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_10: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seem so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_12: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seem so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone

file: 1686-142278-0082.flac
expected: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_2: dhescodent as it was with all mist a detastation for al chehad ever head of the nor f or england the manifactres the keople the wil d and blet country there was dhis wone recommindation cit would be diffromt from helston and couldnevery  mind themof that belovid place
	layer_4: thiscordent as it was with allmist a deetestation for alsi had everheard of the northo england the manufactures the people the wildand blete country there was this one recommendation it would be differen from helston and could nevery mind them ot that beloved place
	layer_6: thiscordan as it was with almost a detestation for a she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and blete country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helston and could never ymind them of that beloved place
	layer_8: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and blete country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_10: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleeqe country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_12: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleeke country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place

file: 1686-142278-0083.flac
expected: when do we go
	layer_2: wen doe go
	layer_4: whendore go
	layer_6: wen dor we go
	layer_8: when do we go
	layer_10: when do we go
	layer_12: when do we go

file: 1686-142278-0084.flac
expected: i do not know exactly
	layer_2: i do not know exati
	layer_4: i do not know exatey
	layer_6: i do not know exactly
	layer_8: i do not know exactly
	layer_10: i do not know exactly
	layer_12: i do not know exactly

file: 1686-142278-0085.flac
expected: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_2: i wanes e talk et ovth withdyeu
	layer_4: i want is ho talk it over with you
	layer_6: i want es to talk it over with you
	layer_8: i want es to talk it over with you
	layer_10: i want you to talk it over with you
	layer_12: i want you to talk it over with you

file: 1686-142278-0086.flac
expected: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_2: he see or mother knowvs nothing about itsgetd but i fhink in afort night a'lf to my deed a vrecicnation issintim i shall hav i ri to ben thain
	layer_4: the see your mother knovs nothing about its get but i think in a fortnight af ter my deed a resignation is sent im i shall have no rigt to eg maine
	layer_6: yhe see your mother knolves nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to men mane
	layer_8: yo see your mother knowves nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent im i shall have no right to inlain
	layer_10: you see your mother knowes nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to inmain
	layer_12: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to rinmain

file: 1686-142278-0087.flac
expected: margaret was almost stunned
	layer_2: mar get wes ola stund
	layer_4: marget was allestant
	layer_6: margart was almostand
	layer_8: margart was almost stand
	layer_10: margaret was almost dand
	layer_12: margaret was almost dand

file: 1686-142278-0088.flac
expected: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_2: but she recomeved hiesself rermetifele
	layer_4: but she recovered hirself remmutetly
	layer_6: but she recovered herself remutetly
	layer_8: but she recovered herself emediatly
	layer_10: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_12: but she recovered herself immediately

file: 1686-142278-0089.flac
expected: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_2: yes pupart it heard beto be fix coen an isidudly as he say
	layer_4: yes papa it hard bette be fix soon and desidedly as you say
	layer_6: yes papa it had better by fixed oon and decidedly as you say
	layer_8: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_10: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_12: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say

file: 1686-142278-0090.flac
expected: poor poor maria
	layer_2: od porma ia
	layer_4: pold porman ria
	layer_6: pold porman rel
	layer_8: coled por marrie
	layer_10: cold poor muria
	layer_12: coled poor muria

file: 1686-142278-0091.flac
expected: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_2: oh h i fi when not marrad be fi wo but myself or the wod how easyt would be
	layer_4: oh if fi were not marrired efi wr but myself o the world how eait would be
	layer_6: oh if i were not marrired if i were but myself in the world how eas yit would be
	layer_8: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_10: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_12: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be

file: 1686-142278-0092.flac
expected: no said margaret sadly i will do it
	layer_2: no said maeat ta yu i will do it
	layer_4: no said maw wat sa you i will do it
	layer_6: no said marwvit sagyi i will do it
	layer_8: no said maret sagly i will do it
	layer_10: no said marvet sadly i will do it
	layer_12: no said marvaret sagly i will do it

file: 1686-142278-0093.flac
expected: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_2: ho must non tiseieiourself in to doubting the realety of my words my fixtintention and resolv
	layer_4: yo must non teseeive ourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_6: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_8: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_10: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_12: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve

file: 1686-142278-0094.flac
expected: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_2: he looked et her in the same steady stoe mannar for so moman's of to heed an speking
	layer_4: he looked at her in the same steady stony mannar for some moment's ofto hid und speaking
	layer_6: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after hit unspeaking
	layer_8: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after hid unspeaking
	layer_10: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after hiht unspeaking
	layer_12: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after hit unspeaking

file: 1686-142278-0095.flac
expected: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_2: the lessing of god beupon bee my child
	layer_4: the blessing of god be upon be my child
	layer_6: the blessing of god be upon bee my child
	layer_8: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_10: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_12: the blessing of god be upon thee my child

file: 1686-142278-0096.flac
expected: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be irreverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter and she threw her arms round his neck
	layer_2: the next maomen she fared lest tes answer to his plessig might beyou wrerent rong minte heurd him as commipon his daughter as she thruw her ams around us nek
	layer_4: the next momen she feaed les tesanswer to his blessing might beu ivrent wrong might heard him as coming pom his daughter as she threw her arms around hes neck
	layer_6: the next moment she feared lesthis answer to his blessing might be eiverent wrong might heard him as coming fom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_8: the next moment she feared les this answer to his blessing might be uriverent wrong might hurt him as coming pom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_10: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ureverent wrong might hurt him as coming pom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_12: the next moment she feared lest his answer to his blessing might be ureverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck

file: 1686-142278-0097.flac
expected: she heard him murmur to himself the martyrs and confessors had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_2: she heard hom lonmen to himself the martes and confacses ad bi men or paing to bear i wigh not tring
	layer_4: she heard him lome to himself the marters ind confeces had eenmore pain to bear i will not trink
	layer_6: she heard him leaner to himself the marters and confesees had even more pain to bear i will not srink
	layer_8: she heard him lorner to himself the martyrs and confessers had even more paind to bear i will not shrink
	layer_10: she heard him lonered to himself the martyrs and confesses hae even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_12: she heard him lonered to himself the martyrs and confesses have even more pain to bear i will not shrink

file: 1686-142278-0098.flac
expected: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_2: they was statol by haring with as hail inquiringdfor her dogter
	layer_4: they were startele by harring with his hail inquiring for her daughter
	layer_6: they were startled by hearing with his hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_8: they were startled by hearing mithsus hale inquirieg for her daughter
	layer_10: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiried for her daughter
	layer_12: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiried for her daughter

file: 1651-136854-0000.flac
expected: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestick teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_2: in seventeen fifty he came fort in the canater forwhich he wast em inhe lige quillifiede o tajesticteachure of mhorl and religious wiston
	layer_4: in seventeen fifty he came fort in the caracter for which he was emineli qualified o mhajestic teacher of moral and religious wisdon
	layer_6: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character  for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_8: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_10: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_12: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom

file: 1651-136854-0001.flac
expected: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_2: the veacale which he chos was that of a parioutical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions inmployed with greits eccess
	layer_4: the veacal which he chose was that of a pyriotical paper whih he knew had been upon former occasions imployed with greatsuccess
	layer_6: the venhicle which he chose was that of a periotical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_8: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_10: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_12: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success

file: 1651-136854-0002.flac
expected: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_2: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was a t last howcrinaeit
	layer_4: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was a o loss how tonavit
	layer_6: when i was to begin publishing that papier i was at to loss how to nave it
	layer_8: when i was to begin publishing that pape i was at aloss how to nave it
	layer_10: when i was to begin publishing that pape i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_12: when i was to begin publishing that papier i was at a loss how to nave it

file: 1651-136854-0003.flac
expected: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_2: i sat dourit night upon my venside and resoved thet i would not gol to sleep tile had fixsetense titl
	layer_4: i sat dou it nighto upon my vedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till had fixed antcs title
	layer_6: i sat dowbt at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_8: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_10: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_12: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title

file: 1651-136854-0004.flac
expected: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as odd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_2: adisencs not was affiction in which unconnecton frigments of his lu cubgrations were prpslad jomble together in his alde manoras he cud inoordertoredusa laugfaplfact
	layer_4: adisince not was affiction in which unconnectafragments of his lucubrations were purposelad jumbled together in his a de manneroas he could in order to broduce a laghable effact
	layer_6: adisen's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purpose lai jumbled together in his aw demanner as he could in order to produce a lagheable effect
	layer_8: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as awe de manner as he could in order to produce a laghable effect
	layer_10: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as awed amanner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_12: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as awed amanner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect

file: 1651-136854-0005.flac
expected: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_2: wer sh chansine the greviationst ore ll thestindt an ta plicabl to each subject of which the had his mengor
	layer_4: were th jansons a breviations ore all testinct and aplickable to each subjact of which the had is mentiin
	layer_6: where the johnsons ofbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which they had is mentione
	layer_8: whereth johnson's af breviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_10: where johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_12: where johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned

file: 1651-136854-0006.flac
expected: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_2: for instans tars the following scetseb
	layer_4: for instance thereis the following scecim
	layer_6: four instance thereis the following specilne
	layer_8: for instance there is the following specilane
	layer_10: for instance there is the following specime
	layer_12: for instance there is the following specimen

file: 1651-136854-0007.flac
expected: publick calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_2: pumlhe conimeties no sents of he previence of bad happits nidglagent of time ready tnder take carles to prsu alld chaingsd by time
	layer_4: puble connameties no sense of he previlence of bad habits niglegent of time ready to undertake careless to pursu all changed by time
	layer_6: public canamities no sense of ther prevadence of bad habits nigligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_8: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_10: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_12: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time

file: 1651-136854-0008.flac
expected: confident of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_2: qonfidns of others on suspecting es on experienst imagining himself securagads neglect never amagons they weaeventur to treeat im il ready to frost expecting to be trostit
	layer_4: qonfidence of others onsuspecting as unexperience imagining himself securgatst neglect never imagines they were venture to treat him ill ready to trost expecting to be trosted
	layer_6: confidence of others on suspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secureagaitst neglet never imagines they were venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_8: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglecte never imagines they wele ventured to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_10: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will ventured to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_12: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will ventured to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted

file: 1651-136854-0009.flac
expected: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_2: you thom bisius as thinkang ontersses  to be had
	layer_4: you tham bitious as thinking honers ese to be had
	layer_6: you fambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_8: youth ambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_10: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_12: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had

file: 1651-136854-0010.flac
expected: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_2: deffet kinto pras perso dthat dofferemn peris
	layer_4: deffenct kinds of prayse persud at different perias
	layer_6: diffint kinds of praise pursued at different periance
	layer_8: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_10: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_12: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods

file: 1651-136854-0011.flac
expected: of the fancy in manhood
	layer_2: of the fancsian bado
	layer_4: of the fancee in badod
	layer_6: of the fancian badlood
	layer_8: of the fancyan badlood
	layer_10: of the fancian badlod
	layer_12: of the fancian badlord

file: 1651-136854-0012.flac
expected: bruy
	layer_2: wri
	layer_4: ri
	layer_6: grit
	layer_8: brit
	layer_10: rit
	layer_12: rit

file: 1651-136854-0013.flac
expected: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_2: scolla frendshifd like ladis
	layer_4: sqollors frendshif like ladies
	layer_6: schollows friendship like ladies
	layer_8: scholars friendship like ladies
	layer_10: scholars friendship like ladies
	layer_12: scholars friendship like ladies

file: 1651-136854-0014.flac
expected: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_2: drone to man by worerds repoled by pasions
	layer_4: drawnedto man by words repeled by passions
	layer_6: drawg to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_8: dran to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_10: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_12: drawn to man by words repelled by passions

file: 1651-136854-0015.flac
expected: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_2: omon dingur you nignts bmy crusshing other pasions bat they were turn
	layer_4: comondanger u ninhts bmy crushing other passions bot they were turn
	layer_6: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they re turn
	layer_8: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_10: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_12: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return

file: 1651-136854-0016.flac
expected: equality hinders compliance
	layer_2: iquality inders complis
	layer_4: equality indors complias
	layer_6: equality inders compliance
	layer_8: equality inders compliance
	layer_10: equality hinders compliance
	layer_12: equality hinders compliance

file: 1651-136854-0017.flac
expected: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_2: sup pariorta prurducses inceilence and enthy
	layer_4: supperiorte produces inselence and enthy
	layer_6: superiorite produces insolence and enthy
	layer_8: superiority produces insolence an enty
	layer_10: superiority produces insolence an enty
	layer_12: superiority produces insolence an enthy

file: 1651-136854-0018.flac
expected: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_2: too utch rgide in each to privet interest to little
	layer_4: two much regd an each to private interest to little
	layer_6: too much regarde and each to private interest to little
	layer_8: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_10: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_12: too much regard in each to private interest too little

file: 1651-136854-0019.flac
expected: of confederacy with superiours every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_2: of confher recy was spperias aver one knows dhe in counmenians
	layer_4: of confeerecy was superies ever one knose the in convinionce
	layer_6: of confedracy with superiors every one knows the inconveniens
	layer_8: of confeeracy wath superiors everyonye knows the inconvenience
	layer_10: of confederacy with superiors everyoney knows the inconvenience
	layer_12: of confederacy with superiors everyonye knows the inconvenience

file: 1651-136854-0020.flac
expected: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_2: withepls no thoarty everman his orn epinion his o interest
	layer_4: with egles nouthorte every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_6: with egals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_8: with egals noauthority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_10: with egles no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_12: with egles no authority every man his own opinion his own interest

file: 1651-136854-0021.flac
expected: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_2: man and wife hardlyou nigted scare seve without coperin
	layer_4: man and wife hardly ou nigted scarseve without cholern
	layer_6: man and wife hardly united scarce ever withourt chilrrn
	layer_8: man and wife hardly united scarce ever with our children
	layer_10: man and wife hardly united scarce ever with our children
	layer_12: man and wife hardly united scarce ever with our children

file: 1651-136854-0022.flac
expected: computation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_2: cope youtathean yif tuto wane agains troo how med you gain'st five
	layer_4: comp yutation yif two to one against too how meady o' gainst five
	layer_6: computation if two to one against twoo how medy against five
	layer_8: computation yif two to one against two how menty against five
	layer_10: computation if two to one against two how menny against five
	layer_12: computation if two to one against two how menny against five

file: 1651-136854-0023.flac
expected: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_2: in this as in many othiccases ai go wrong in ofposition tru convicton for i think scars any tempral good equally to be desied with he regod and fhemiliarity of wor the men
	layer_4: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opfposition to conviction for i think scarce any tempral good equally to be desired with the regod and pfamiliarity of worthy men
	layer_6: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_8: in this as in many other cases ie go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_10: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_12: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men

file: 1651-136854-0024.flac
expected: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our hearts
	layer_2: i hope wh shall be somethine year t each other dha a orready way a poaring outor heart
	layer_4: i hope we shall be sometan near to each otherad havme a mor ready way o puring out our heart
	layer_6: i hope we shall be sometim near to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_8: i hope we shall be sometime nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_10: i hope we shall be sometime nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_12: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart

file: 1651-136854-0025.flac
expected: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_2: grat usbenifit which one frien t can coln fur pon enother is to gard and excighte and enltevate his viertns
	layer_4: the great his benef it which one friendt cen canfer upon another is to guod and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_6: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_8: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_10: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_12: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues

file: 1651-136854-0026.flac
expected: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and a death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_2: this yoor mother wils till prform if you jiligentlypreserf the memery of her life and of her death a ni e s o for as i coal lern o ful wis and inoicent and the deatt resind peceful and holly
	layer_4: this your mother will still perform if you duligiently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lite so for as i coan learn uful wise and iunecent and the death resigned peaceful and horly
	layer_6: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserved the memory of her life and of her death a life so for as i could learn lwusefull wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and horly
	layer_8: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i could learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holly
	layer_10: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i coan learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holly
	layer_12: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holly

file: 1651-136854-0027.flac
expected: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_2: i cannot for ghat mationa thd neither weson nor rebilation di ni yo to hope thata maiin cree her happaness by o beying her priecets and that she may an her presen state lot with pleasur  pon every actervertu to which hur instructions  or example have contriuated
	layer_4: i cannot forge to mition that neither reason nor revilation denise you to hope tha shu may ncrease her happiness by obeying her precets and that she may and her present state lop with pleasure upon every actr virture to which her instructions or example have contripbuted
	layer_6: i cannot forber timittion that neither reason nor revelation denise you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precects and that she may in her present state loke with pleasure upon every actor virture to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_8: i cannot forbear to mintion that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precects and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actof virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_10: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_12: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed

file: 1651-136854-0028.flac
expected: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_2: if you wrigkte down minyuly what you re member of here from your arlis yers you wild readet with grate plesionr and wereceivd from it many cins of sithing brecollection when time michha remove her yetfalthe from you and your grief shal be machurd to venteration
	layer_4: if you rite down minutely what your member of her from your earliast years you will readit with great plesior and receive from it many kinse of sthing brecollection when timech o remove her yet falther from you and your grief shall bei metured to veneration
	layer_6: if you write down minutely what your member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and received from it many hkints of soothing recollection when timesh al remove her yet father from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_8: if you write down minutely what your member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many kints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet father from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_10: if you write down minutely what youre member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_12: if you write down minutely what youre member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration

file: 1651-136854-0029.flac
expected: no thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_2: no perethirty two on patiens even underextrem misery is wonderfully lofty and as mant hoboved the rant of stoicisum as the son of robvolation is britereof the the twiligt of pionffolosipy
	layer_4: noperthirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stocism as the son of rovolation is brighteref than the twilight of paganphulosophy
	layer_6: nomber thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brightere than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_8: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_10: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_12: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy

file: 1651-136854-0030.flac
expected: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_2: it must indeet be aloud that the structur e hissentnces is expandet and often has some wat of the invirsion of latten and that he delihted to express femiliourthoughts an philla soffrcaalauage being in this the rever sof socrities whoit wae said whuld dused fulosif e to the simplicity of commin life
	layer_4: it must indeed be alloud that the structureivf his sentances is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of laten and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts anphilasophicalanguage being in this the reverse of socrities who it wae said would duced phillosevy to the simplicity of commint life
	layer_6: it must indeed be allowed that the structure f his sentences is expandid and often has somewhat of the inversion of lattin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts an philosophical language being in this the reverse of socraties who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_8: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_10: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_12: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life

file: 1651-136854-0031.flac
expected: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_2: this idled charce has been ecod from one babllar to another who hav con founded jonsons essays with jolson's dictionary and because he foughtes rigty in e lcxs accan of ar langwuicgh do coock many words which had fallin inte disus but were supported by grat totorities it is betd imagiinedat thate all of thes have been into wovin into his own compositions
	layer_4: this idled charge has been echoed from one babylar to another who have confounded jonson's essats with johnsn's dictionary and because he thoughtet wright in a lexa con of our language to collut many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by gratathorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intowoven into his own compositions
	layer_6: this idled charge has been echoed from one babyler to another who have confounded johnson's essas with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in elexacon of our language to colluct many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been into woven into his own compositions
	layer_8: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intewoven into his own compositions
	layer_10: this idle charge has been echoed from one babyler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_12: this idle charge has been echoed from one babler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions

file: 1651-136854-0032.flac
expected: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade
	layer_2: their stiles differs plain cloth and brokcad
	layer_4: their stiles differs plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_6: their styles differas plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_8: their styles differs plain cloth and brokade
	layer_10: their styles differs plain cloth and brocade
	layer_12: their styles differs plain cloth and brocade

file: 7601-101619-0000.flac
expected: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_2: ourxtremis pleasure has somesert of growning in compliting inut woud you not say that it is dying of pan
	layer_4: ouretremis pleasure has some sort of groaning and compliting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_6: our extremus pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaiting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_8: our extremes pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_10: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_12: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain

file: 7601-101619-0001.flac
expected: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitas se nisi temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_2: the highest and fulest contentment offers more of the grve than of the mary ipsa farlicitos say tisetemperot premit even fuolicity andles it moderatetself a presses
	layer_4: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mary ipsa pelicitos say nesy temperot premit even folicity and less it moderate itdself appresses
	layer_6: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa falicatos say nescy temperot premite even falicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_8: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitos say nissy temperot premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_10: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitos say nissy temperot premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_12: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mery ipsa felicitos say nissy temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses

file: 7601-101619-0002.flac
expected: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodorus said that in sorrow there is some mixture of pleasure
	layer_2: sucrity says that some god tried tomics in one mas and o confound pan and plasure but not beeing a ble to do it he bethougt him it leastd to couple themby the tal mesterdoor said that in soro ther soumemexure of plasure
	layer_4: socrity says that some god tried tomicx in one mass and o confound pain and plasure but not being able to do it he bethought him it least to couple them by the tale metera door said that insorrow theirs some mexture of pleasure
	layer_6: socraty says that some god tried to mix in one mass and a confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodor said that in sorrow there some mixture of pleasure
	layer_8: socrate says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodor said that in sorrow there' some mixture of pleasure
	layer_10: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_12: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodori said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure

file: 7601-101619-0003.flac
expected: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_2: mature doscoversis contfuson to us painters hold t hat the same motions and grmises of the face that serv for weeping sir for laghter to and indeed before the one of the other befinished do but observed the panters manner of handling and you will be an doubt to hhich of the two the desin tends and the extreme of lafter des it last bring tears
	layer_4: natur discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grirmises of the face that serve for weeping sere for laughter too and indeed before the one of the other be finished do but observed the painters manner of handling and you will be endoubt to which of the two the designe tends and the extrem of laughter does it last bring tears
	layer_6: nature discovers this confusion to us painters whole that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one orf the other be finished doe but observe the painters manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the to the design tens and the extreme of laughter does iat last bring tears
	layer_8: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tens and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_10: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_12: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears

file: 7601-101619-0004.flac
expected: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_2: and theirefor common andles speculitiv souls oar found to be more proper for and morecsuccesful in the management of afairs and the elevated an exquisid oppiniens of pfullosiphy unfit for business the sharp ve vacity oaf soul and the supple and restless volubility atending at di sterborn a gotiations
	layer_4: and therefore common andless speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosiphy unfit for business the sharp vavacity of soul and the supple andrestless volubility attending it desterbonagotiations
	layer_6: and therefore common andless speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless voluebility attending it disturbornegotiations
	layer_8: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_10: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper fore and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_12: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper fore and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations

file: 7601-101619-0005.flac
expected: he who dives into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_2: he who dize in to and in his inquosition comperhends allcircumstances and consequences hindrs his alection a littlleng n well mandle this ufficient fr xecutions wbether of les or greaterwait
	layer_4: he who dizinto and in his inquisitian comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engon well handle tis sufficient for executions whether of less or greater wait
	layer_6: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engen well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_8: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_10: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_12: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight

file: 7601-291468-0000.flac
expected: when the lofty thucydides is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_2: when the loftythu sididies isabout to itter uppon hies discription of the plag tha desteillat ad athens wone of his modern commontaters assurce thof reter that the histr as now going to be excedingly soem serius and pethutic and hins with at air of chucpkling grathulation with which a good daime droaws fortha choice morcl fom a coard to weregala favoit that this plage will give his histery amost greaable vor iety
	layer_4: when the loftyhucidities is about to itter upon his description of the pleg tha desolated athens one of his modern commentators assurece the reater that the historius now going to be excceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws fort e choice morsal from a cupbared to ergale efavourit that this plag will give his history emost agreeable variety
	layer_6: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hinte with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame drawsforth a choice morsal from a cupboard to rigale of favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_8: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to bregale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_10: when the lofty fucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to brigale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_12: when the lofty fucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to brigale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety

file: 7601-291468-0001.flac
expected: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_2: suth orf the truo subjects for they hi stor pen
	layer_4: such of the tru subjects for they historyc pen
	layer_6: such of the truet subjects for the historic pen
	layer_8: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_10: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_12: such are the true subjects for the historic pen

file: 7601-291468-0002.flac
expected: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_2: the fol aof vempars the desoation of happe countries splended citiese smokyg in their ruans the protiset works of art tumble in the dust the shreks an grons of hol nations a sending unto heaven
	layer_4: the foll of empirs the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the protised works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and growns of whole nations a cending undo heaven
	layer_6: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudese works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_8: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_10: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_12: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven

file: 7601-291468-0003.flac
expected: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_2: thus tho swrms of flis which ar so of an execrated as uselessverman ore created for the sustoncs spidors and spiters on the other hand ar ever dently made to divour flis
	layer_4: thus those sworms of flies which are so of an execrated as useless vermen are created for the sustenits of spiders and spiters on the other hand are evidently made to devour flwies
	layer_6: thus those swarms of flies which are so off an execrated as useless vermen are created for the sustenatce of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flwies
	layer_8: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenace of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_10: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenace of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_12: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies

file: 7601-291468-0004.flac
expected: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nouns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apophthegms which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_2: anchet traditions speak much f is learning and of the gallment inrods he had made into the dad languigis in which he had mad captive a host of grek knowns an loton verbs and brought off wrich booty in ancien saws an apotfigims which he was woant to perad in his publhe c orangs as a trlm foet eneral of yore his spolya upimu
	layer_4: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallent inroades he had made into the deadlanguages in which he had made captive a host of greeak nowns an latoin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and a pothigems which he was want to parad in his public orangs as a triumphort general of your his spollya upima
	layer_6: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegems which he was wont to parade in his public arangs as a triumphat general of yor his spolea opima
	layer_8: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek gowns an latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegems which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia olpima
	layer_10: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek gnowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegems which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia apima
	layer_12: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek gnowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegems which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia alpima

file: 7601-291468-0005.flac
expected: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_2: it was abserved however that he seldo got into an argument without getyinto a perpexity and then indo a pasion with his ad rsary for not bein convincet gratis
	layer_4: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getti into a prplexity and then into a petion with his advecary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_6: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_8: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced grattus
	layer_10: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_12: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus

file: 7601-291468-0006.flac
expected: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_2: his abod which he had fixcd at a bowry or countryseet ant as short distence from the city just et what is nowcalld ducht street soon abounded with profse of his ingenuity patnd smok jacks that requared a horse to work them dutch ofvens that rost ed meete without fire carts that wlent before the horses whether coxks that turned against the wind and other wrong heded coutriveadces that a stonished ind confounded alld beholders
	layer_4: he s abod which he had fixed at abowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what his now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his inginuity pattened smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses whether coxs that turned against the wind and other wrong headed could trivadces that a stonished in confoundid all beholders
	layer_6: he is abode which he had fixed it a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meeat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocxs that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_8: hes abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_10: he's abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_12: he's abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders

file: 7601-291468-0007.flac
expected: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_2: it is ina knowlage as in swoming he who flounders an splicies onf the surfise mix more nois in attrack more tention than the purldiver wlo quietly dies in quest of trasues to the otom
	layer_4: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splaces on the surface mikes more nois an attracks more ttention than the pearl diver lu quietly dis in quest of treasures to the botom
	layer_6: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and spliches on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver u quietly dis in questive treasures to the bottom
	layer_8: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_10: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_12: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom

file: 7601-101622-0000.flac
expected: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_2: the roman's by thes means arected teir colonies for prceting their city to gro imeurably populus they easd it of the most unnecessarypeopl and sentom to am habit and cultivat thelan's conqrd by them sometonmsalsa they purpeasly maintain wars wath some of their enemies not only to keep their own man anaction for fer lest eidlness the mother of coruption should bring upon them some worse inconvheniance
	layer_4: the romans by this means erected their colonies for proceieding their city to gro immeasurably populous they easd it of the most unnecessary people and sens them to im habit and cultivate the land's conqured by them sometimesalso they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men anaction for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should brang upon them some worse in convinience
	layer_6: the romans by this means erected their colonies for prceeding their city to grow immeasurably populouse they eased it of the most unnecessary people and senste them to imhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men an action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should brang upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_8: the romans by this means erected their colonies for preceeding their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_10: the romans by this means erected their colonies for proceeding their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_12: the romans by this means erected their colonies for proceeding their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience

file: 7601-101622-0001.flac
expected: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_2: and we suffer they ls of along pece loxer ous more pronitious tha ore
	layer_4: and we suffere the ils of along peace luxuriy is more pronicious than more
	layer_6: and we suffer the ills of a long pece luxury is more perenicious than war
	layer_8: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_10: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_12: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war

file: 7601-101622-0002.flac
expected: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_2: and this also was on res on whyour king fillop consented to cend his san jon upon afornecpodition that he might tike along with him a great number of hot young men who wrt then in his pay
	layer_4: and this also was one res in why or king phillip concented to send his sun john upon a forn expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_6: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_8: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_10: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_12: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay

file: 7601-101622-0003.flac
expected: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_2: what other endas the impius artof the gladiatrs propos sto itself what the slaughter of young men what plasure fed with blo
	layer_4: whatother end oas the impious art of the gladiators propose to hitself what the slaughter of young men what plasure fed with blod
	layer_6: what other end dos the impious art of the gladiators proposed to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_8: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_10: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_12: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood

file: 7601-101622-0004.flac
expected: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_2: prince take t y honers delade for thi rain thand be successere to thy fathers hans forth let nonat ronmbe slainfor sfport
	layer_4: prince take the honers delayd for thy rain and be successor to thy fathers ince forth let non at rom be slan fer sport
	layer_6: prince take the honors delayed for thy rein and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rom be slain forsport
	layer_8: prince take the honours delaye'd for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at romby slain for sport
	layer_10: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_12: prince take the honours delay'd for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome by slain for sport

file: 7601-101622-0005.flac
expected: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_2: let beasts blod stany infom acerringa and no more hommasides be theire acted
	layer_4: let beasts blod stain the infumacs arinna and no more homasides be their acted
	layer_6: let beasts blood stain the infamus erena and no more hamisides be there acted
	layer_8: let beasts blood stain the infamus arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_10: let beasts blood stain the infamous arina and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_12: let beasts blood stain the infamous arina and no more homicides be there acted

file: 7601-101622-0006.flac
expected: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_2: it was not anoughfor then afight and odi bravely but cerefully too in so much tha they were hist and curst if they mad any his atation about receieving their death
	layer_4: it was not enough for then nofight and todi bravely but cerefully too in su much that they were hist and cursed if they made any his itation about receiving their death
	layer_6: it was not enough for them to fight and ta die bravely but cheerfully too in so much that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_8: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_10: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_12: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death

file: 7601-101622-0007.flac
expected: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_2: te very girls themselvs sufthim on
	layer_4: the very girls themseles set them on
	layer_6: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_8: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_10: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_12: the very girls themselves set them on

file: 7601-175351-0000.flac
expected: beginning of revolt
	layer_2: thegining o revalt
	layer_4: theginning of revalt
	layer_6: te ginning of revolt
	layer_8: beginning of revolt
	layer_10: beginning of revolt
	layer_12: beginning of revolt

file: 7601-175351-0001.flac
expected: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_2: at this un expected co maund the supris was grat  on board the foward
	layer_4: at this unexpected comond the surprise was grat on board the forward
	layer_6: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_8: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_10: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_12: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward

file: 7601-175351-0002.flac
expected: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_2: lihte the fairs ix claimsone
	layer_4: lighte the fars excleim sum
	layer_6: light te fires exclame some
	layer_8: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_10: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_12: light the fires exclaimed some

file: 7601-175351-0003.flac
expected: what with asked others
	layer_2: at wish askston ses
	layer_4: what with asedtondens
	layer_6: what with ashed udtenge
	layer_8: what with asked statens
	layer_10: what with asked stathens
	layer_12: what with asked statens

file: 7601-175351-0004.flac
expected: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_2: and stuf the stove with t e masts ata warn
	layer_4: and stuff the stive with the masts ad ad warn
	layer_6: and stuff the stove with the masts edded worn
	layer_8: and stuff the stove with the masts added waren
	layer_10: and stuffed the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_12: and stuffed the stove with the masts added waren

file: 7601-175351-0005.flac
expected: did you hear me
	layer_2: di yul hir me
	layer_4: did you her me
	layer_6: did you hear me
	layer_8: did you hear me
	layer_10: did you hear me
	layer_12: did you hear me

file: 7601-175351-0006.flac
expected: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_2: who sbok crng haterus
	layer_4: who spok crine hadtarus
	layer_6: ho spoke crine hatters
	layer_8: who spoke crined hatterus
	layer_10: who spoke crind hatteras
	layer_12: who spoke crined hatteras

file: 7601-175351-0007.flac
expected: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_2: i did said pen ad vancicn toward thecapttain
	layer_4: i did said pen advancincgn twards the coptain
	layer_6: i did said pen advancing towards the cuptain
	layer_8: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_10: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_12: i did said penn advancing towards the captain

file: 7601-175351-0008.flac
expected: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_2: i say answered pin with an oh i say we've had ae nouf o it and be woln't go any fourther
	layer_4: i say answered pn with an oath i say we've had annough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_6: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_8: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_10: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_12: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further

file: 7601-175351-0009.flac
expected: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_2: you shent killous with hunger ain work in the winder and they shanpt lighte the fairs
	layer_4: you shan't kilus with hunger and work in the winter and they shent lighte the fars
	layer_6: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fars
	layer_8: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they sha'n't light the firs
	layer_10: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_12: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires

file: 7601-175351-0010.flac
expected: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_2: if you re peat what the man says answered hateris i'll have vyouw shote up enyur cabin and garded
	layer_4: if you repeat what the man says answered heterus i'll have you shut u in your cabin and garded
	layer_6: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteris i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_8: if you repeat what the man says answered hatterus i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_10: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_12: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded

file: 7601-175351-0011.flac
expected: a murmur was heard
	layer_2: a murmeras hard
	layer_4: a murmur was heard
	layer_6: a murmur was heard
	layer_8: a murmur was heard
	layer_10: a murmur was heard
	layer_12: a murmur was heard

file: 7601-175351-0012.flac
expected: the engineer followed by plover and warren went down to his post
	layer_2: se engjenear followed by plover and wrn went down to his post
	layer_4: the enginar followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_6: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_8: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_10: the engineer followed by plover and warn went down to his post
	layer_12: the engineer followed by plover and warn went down to his post

file: 7601-175351-0013.flac
expected: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_2: the stem was soon got up the ancers ere wad and the forward verd away easd cutting the ung eice with her stelle prow
	layer_4: the stem was soon got up the ancers were wayd and the forward viared away east cutting the yung ice with heir steel prow
	layer_6: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weghed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_8: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_10: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_12: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow

file: 7601-175351-0014.flac
expected: between baring island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_2: between baring iland and beachur point ther ara considrable cantity of ilans in the midst of ice fiels the streams crowed ogether in talittle channels which cut up tis part of the ce they had atendedsy to a glomorat undr the reltife ly lote emparture homoks wer fornmed eran there and these mases already more compact denscer and closere together would soon form an impenitrable mas
	layer_4: between bearing island and beacher point ther area considerble quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowed together in the little chanels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendency to a glomerate under the relat ively low temperture howmoks were formed hyre in there and these masses already more compacked denswer and closer together would soon form and impenitrable mass
	layer_6: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature humochs were formed here in there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form and impenetrable mass
	layer_8: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_10: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to oglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_12: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to ogglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass

file: 7601-175351-0015.flac
expected: i am beginning not to answered wall
	layer_2: i' beginna not to and swered wall
	layer_4: i'm beginna not too answered wall
	layer_6: i'm beginna not too answered wall
	layer_8: i'm beginning not to answered wall
	layer_10: i'm beginnin not to answered wall
	layer_12: i'm beginnin not to answered wall

file: 7601-175351-0016.flac
expected: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_2: haterias still hope to find and open see beyoun the sevely sof it th pareale a sir edward bulter had done
	layer_4: haterus still hope to find and open se beyond the sevenly s ofatt parallel as sir edward belther had done
	layer_6: hatteras still hope to find an open sea beyond the seventy soveth parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_8: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_10: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_12: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done

file: 7601-175351-0017.flac
expected: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal
	layer_2: ought he to treath thesoccounces apockriful
	layer_4: ought he to treat these accounces a pocriful
	layer_6: ought he to treat these accounces a pocriful
	layer_8: ought he to treat these accountes a pocriphul
	layer_10: ought he to treat these accountsas a pocryphal
	layer_12: ought he to treat these accountsas a pocryphale

file: 7601-175351-0018.flac
expected: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_2: the nex day the son seth for the first tome andding thus the long series of days with twenty for hours an them
	layer_4: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_6: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_8: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_10: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_12: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days withi twenty four hours in them

file: 7601-175351-0019.flac
expected: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_2: the men had inded by getting a custom to the continull day light but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenon dogs went to their rest at thei accustomd our and dick sluppt as regulaly every vedning as tho darknesshad coverd the sky
	layer_4: the men had inded by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenlondogs wente to their rest at their accustomed our and dick sleppt as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the skay
	layer_6: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenwan dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_8: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_10: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_12: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky

file: 7601-175351-0020.flac
expected: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_2: the docter by followian jonsons advice a customt himself to supporth the lotimberter he almost olwys stade on deck raving the cold the wind and the sknow
	layer_4: the doctor by following johnsens advice a customed himself to supporth the loa timberture he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind an the snow
	layer_6: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low timberature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_8: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_10: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_12: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow

file: 7601-175351-0021.flac
expected: there's more than one amongst us who would like to imitate them i think
	layer_2: there is more than one among stus ho would like to an imanttate tha my think
	layer_4: there is more than one among stuss who would like do an imitate thatm my think
	layer_6: there is more than one among stus who would like to an imitate thatn i think
	layer_8: there is more than one among stus who would like to an imitate them i think
	layer_10: there is more than one among st us who would like to in imitate them i think
	layer_12: there is more than one among st us who would like to inimitate them i think

file: 7601-175351-0022.flac
expected: they are cowards mister clawbonny those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_2: they are cowarts misteclaw bony those enimal s had nol prvisions as we have and or rebloide to seeke ther food wereit is to be found
	layer_4: they are cowards mister clabony those animals had not provisions as we have and or oblige to seek their food were id is to be found
	layer_6: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals havd no provisions as we have and are oblige to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_8: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_10: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_12: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found

file: 7601-175351-0023.flac
expected: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_2: you hope that hateras will suxceed then
	layer_4: you hope that hatterus will succeed then
	layer_6: you hope that hatteris will succeed then
	layer_8: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_10: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_12: you hope that hatteras will succeed then

file: 7601-175351-0024.flac
expected: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_2: he sertainly will mister clawl bony
	layer_4: he certainly will mister clawl wony
	layer_6: he certainly will mister clawlbonney
	layer_8: he certainly will mister clawboney
	layer_10: he certainly will mister clawbony
	layer_12: he certainly will mister clawboney

file: 7601-175351-0025.flac
expected: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_2: i m mof the same a pinion as youw jarnson and o fe only wanted one faithful cobaion he'l have too
	layer_4: i am ofe the same opinion as you johnson and if fe only wanted one faithful combaion he'll have too
	layer_6: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful compalion he'll have too
	layer_8: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_10: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_12: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two

file: 7601-175351-0026.flac
expected: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinnell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_2: prince albert land which the forad was then coasting beaeres also the name of grianeol land and though hatterus from his hatred to the ecies would never calit by atsomercon name it is the onit generly gos by
	layer_4: prince elbert land which the forwarid was then coasting bears also the name of grinel land and though hatterus from his hatred to the ankhies would never collit by itsamerikcan name it is the wone it generally goes by
	layer_6: prince elbert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinnel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the ankhes would never call it by its american name it is the one at generally goesby
	layer_8: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenel land and though hatterus from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goesby
	layer_10: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of gruinele land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_12: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of gruinele land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by

file: 7601-175351-0027.flac
expected: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_2: on the egteent of oges they sigted bretawnny a mountain scarce ly visible through the mist and the forward waid ancerd the nexc day in nort thumberlan bay
	layer_4: on the eighteenth of ogust they sited bretany a mountain scircely visible through the mist and the forward weighd anchore the next day in nor thumberlan bay
	layer_6: on the eighteenth of august they cighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_8: on the eighteenth of august they cigted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_10: on the eighteenth of august they cited britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_12: on the eighteenth of august they sited britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay

file: 7641-96684-0000.flac
expected: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men
	layer_2: and asa mordal upolow sopto earn his bread amontst men
	layer_4: and as amortal a pollow sop to earn his bread a montst men
	layer_6: and as a mortal a pollo soupt to earn his bred a monst men
	layer_8: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_10: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_12: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men

file: 7641-96684-0001.flac
expected: afterward people wondered at admetus's ever smiling face and ever radiant being
	layer_2: afterward people wandere doutad medices ever smiling face an everating ben
	layer_4: afterward people wondered at ad medices ever smiling face and everating ben
	layer_6: afterward people wandered at admedices ever smiling face and ever rading ben
	layer_8: afterward people wondered at atd medices ever smiling face and everrading bean
	layer_10: afterward people wondered at at metices ever smiling face and ever rading bean
	layer_12: afterward people wondered at at metices ever smiling face and ever rading bean

file: 7641-96684-0002.flac
expected: that was before admetus sailed on the argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_2: tho was before ed meader saile on  arego with jason and the copanins of the quest
	layer_4: that was before had medte sailed onhe arago with jacon and the compmaniins of the quest
	layer_6: that was before hadmeajuse sailed onte argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_8: that was before hat medus sailed onhe argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_10: that was before ad medus sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_12: that was before ad madhus sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest

file: 7641-96684-0003.flac
expected: thereafter admetus having the love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_2: there after ad meadus havin love of alcestice was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_4: thereafter at maducs having love of alcestice was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_6: thereafter atmeduce having love of alcuestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_8: thereafter at medous having love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_10: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_12: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before

file: 7641-96684-0004.flac
expected: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_2: a radint figuar at was and ad metder s new that dhis as a polowf come to om again
	layer_4: a radiant figure it was and ad metters knew that tistos a polo come to him again
	layer_6: a radiant figure it was and admetas knew that dis was apollo come to him again
	layer_8: a radiant figure it was and ad metus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_10: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_12: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again

file: 7641-96684-0005.flac
expected: but apollo turned to admetus a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but a polow turned to hadmedus a face thatws without joy
	layer_4: but a polo turnd to admedice a face that was without joy
	layer_6: but a pollo turned to admedice a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but apollo turned to admedice a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but apollo turned to admettis a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but apollo turned to admettis a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0006.flac
expected: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admetus
	layer_2: what yous of happin ess have been mi nopolow throug your friendship for me said n ad mitus
	layer_4: what yous of happiness have been myn kno polo through your friendship for me said nedmedis
	layer_6: what yurs of happiness have been mine noapollo through your friendship for me said admetic
	layer_8: what years of happiness have been mye no apollo through your friendship for me said ad medice
	layer_10: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admedis
	layer_12: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admedis

file: 7641-96684-0007.flac
expected: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but still upolo stod beformomn with a facsetot was without jroy
	layer_4: but still a polo stood beform with a face thot was without joy
	layer_6: but still a pollo stood beforim with a face thagt was without joy
	layer_8: but still apollo stood befor him with a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but still apollo stood before hiem with a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0008.flac
expected: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetus
	layer_2: he spokan his vocs was not that clear ndvibrent voice that he had ontce in speakin tored meus
	layer_4: he spok en his voice was not that clear and viborant voice that he had once in speaking to hrad metice
	layer_6: he spoke ind his voice was not that clear in vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admedice
	layer_8: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he d once in speaking to admedice
	layer_10: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he t once in speaking to admedic
	layer_12: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that het once in speaking to admedice

file: 7641-96684-0009.flac
expected: admetus admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_2: ad medues ad meus he said it is frome to tell you that you may no more laokon the blu sekyon or walk upon the greeneurth
	layer_4: admiduse ameice he said it is foromeo to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the grenearth
	layer_6: admidice admedice he said it is for me o to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_8: atmedis admedic he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_10: admetis admedis he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_12: ametis admetis he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth

file: 7641-96684-0010.flac
expected: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to him admetus admetus know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_2: it is tr me to tell yu that the gard of the underwoldt wel have you come to mad medue and medus no tha even now the god of thandrld issscending death for you
	layer_4: it is to me to tell you that the gard of the underwal do will have you come to a madmedice and medus no that even now the gad of thandrwald is sending deathfor you
	layer_6: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underwi  will have you come to a madmedics and medice know that even now the god of th underwold iscending death for you
	layer_8: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a medmedic and medice know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_10: it is tor me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a medmedic and medice know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_12: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a medmedic and medice know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you

file: 7641-96684-0011.flac
expected: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetus
	layer_2: if on waill go willing lein thy place with death dou can' still liv on go ad meduce
	layer_4: if one will go willingly and thy place with death thou can't still live an go ad medtece
	layer_6: if one will go willingly an thy place with death thou can't still live on go admedic
	layer_8: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou cant still live on go ad medic
	layer_10: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go at medis
	layer_12: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go atmedis

file: 7641-96684-0012.flac
expected: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grinding corn between two stones
	layer_2: and then he came plon ancien woman who sat uponstirns in the cuortard griin corne betweing to stones
	layer_4: and then he came pon ancient woman who sat upon stiens in the cuartard grindan clorn between two stones
	layer_6: and then he came pon an ancient woman who sat upon stoens in the courtyard grindan corn between two stones
	layer_8: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stons in the courtyard grind an corne between two stones
	layer_10: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind an corn between two stones
	layer_12: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind an corn between two stones

file: 7641-96684-0013.flac
expected: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_2: there she was sin as he had first now er with ar eys bleard and eri mes shakined and with the dust of the court yard an thehuspks of the qornin ho mated har
	layer_4: there she was sign as he had first nown her with her eys blerd and herne shakingd and with the dust of the curtyard an the husks of the corn in her mated eir
	layer_6: there she was sign as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and herne shaking and with the dust of the courtyard an the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_8: there she was sieng as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn an her matted hair
	layer_10: there she was sidin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knee shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her matted hair
	layer_12: there she was sidin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her matted hair

file: 7641-96684-0014.flac
expected: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the king and go with death
	layer_2: he wentor and spoked hur and the aster to take ti placeof the ken and go with death
	layer_4: he went tour and spoked her and the askder to take the place of the ken and go weth death
	layer_6: he went to her and spoked her and the askd her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_8: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go weth death
	layer_10: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_12: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death

file: 7641-96684-0015.flac
expected: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_2: but when she heard the name of death hor  came into th face of th aniuy woman and she cried out that she would now let deatht come ner her
	layer_4: but when she heard the name of death whor came into the face of the ance woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_6: but when she heard the name of death hor came into the face of the anciet woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_8: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_10: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_12: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her

file: 7641-96684-0016.flac
expected: admetus took the man's shriveled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and go with death that was coming for him
	layer_2: atd medistook he mans shi wild hand an he astim if eu would not take the king's place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_4: at medi took the mans shiweled hand and the ashim if you would not take the kings place and gorth death that was coming for him
	layer_6: at medicetook the man's shiveled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_8: ad medice took the man's shivelled hand and he asked him if ho would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_10: admedice took the man's chivelled hand and he asked him if yeu would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_12: admetice took the man's chivelled hand and he asked him if yo would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him

file: 7641-96684-0017.flac
expected: then admetus went into the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the underworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones around the palace would take his place
	layer_2: then admendu s wintin to the powlase and ento the chambar hs bedwas and he lai downupon ta bed and he lomented that he would have to go with death tho was commin for him from the god of laundaworld and he le mentend that none of the rechog ones run  pouse were take is place
	layer_4: then admedice wint in to the palace and into the chambwris bedwas and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was com in for him from the god of lande world and he limented that none of the retchod ones ron  pouse wourd take his place
	layer_6: then admedice went into the palace and into the chambears bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was come ing for him from the god of lande world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones roun he pause would take his place
	layer_8: then admendic went into the palace and into the chamberwer's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of lande world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round he palce would take his place
	layer_10: then admedas went into the palace and into the chamberwhere's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of londer world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place
	layer_12: then admedas went into the palace and into the chamberwhere's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of londelr world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place

file: 7641-96684-0018.flac
expected: one should go in your place for you are the king and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_2: one should go on your place for you are the kin and have many grea t fairs to ttentyo
	layer_4: one should go and your place for you are the ken and have many great affair stou attent tyou
	layer_6: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to atten you
	layer_8: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend you
	layer_10: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_12: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to

file: 7641-96684-0019.flac
expected: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_2: now the foot steps seeme to stop
	layer_4: now the footsteps seeme to stop
	layer_6: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_8: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_10: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_12: now the footsteps seemed to stop

file: 7641-96684-0020.flac
expected: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_2: it was not so tairibl for him mas before
	layer_4: it was not so terble for him as before
	layer_6: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_8: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_10: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_12: it was not so terrible for him as before

file: 7641-96684-0021.flac
expected: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_2: and the word sehe hitd sboken he would havf taken back the word sa ad brought her consent to go with  death i his place
	layer_4: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words tha ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_6: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words tha had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_8: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_10: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_12: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place

file: 7641-96684-0022.flac
expected: death would soon be here for her
	layer_2: det the wod son bechere for her
	layer_4: deth the wouod soon be her for her
	layer_6: deaththe would soon be here for her
	layer_8: death would soon be here for her
	layer_10: death would soon be here for her
	layer_12: death would soon be here for her

file: 7641-96684-0023.flac
expected: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace
	layer_2: no not here for heu would not have deth comeminto th pouse
	layer_4: no not here for he would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_6: no not here for hu would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_8: no not here for ye would not have death come into the palce
	layer_10: no not here for he would not have death come into the palce
	layer_12: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace

file: 7641-96684-0024.flac
expected: he lifted alcestis from the bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_2: he lift ed a cast his fromng bed and ecarried r from the pase
	layer_4: he lifted aucestis frong bed and he carrieder from the poase
	layer_6: he lifted aulcastis from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_8: he lifted alcastus from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_10: he lifted alcastis from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_12: he lifted alcastus from bed and he carried her from the palace

file: 7641-96684-0025.flac
expected: no more speech came from her
	layer_2: no lre speach came from her
	layer_4: numor speech came from her
	layer_6: nomor speech came from her
	layer_8: no more speech came from her
	layer_10: no more speech came from her
	layer_12: no more speech came from her

file: 7641-96684-0026.flac
expected: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestis had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_2: and os for ad mettercs he went within the chamber an knelt besidt bed on whicsh all kest isad lan and thoughpt of his arible los
	layer_4: and asfor ad metersh he went within the chamber and nelt besidethe bed on whichall cestis sad lan and thoughet of his erible loss
	layer_6: and as for admeteurs he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which all cast his sad lane and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_8: and as for admets he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which al cast his ad lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_10: and as for admitturs he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcastus ad lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_12: and as for admitturs he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcastis had lain and thought of his terrible loss

file: 7641-96684-0027.flac
expected: to what god is that sacrifice due
	layer_2: to what gard dis that sac y sdo
	layer_4: to what guard is that sacfice de
	layer_6: to what gad is that sacfice do
	layer_8: to what god dos that sacrfice do
	layer_10: to what god does that sacrifice do
	layer_12: to what god does that sacrifice do

file: 7641-96684-0028.flac
expected: and then heracles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_2: and then roklys felt that noter labour was before him
	layer_4: and then roclys felt that nother labor was before him
	layer_6: and then rockles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_8: and then raclys felt that another labor was before him
	layer_10: and then racleus felt that another labor was before him
	layer_12: and then rachleus felt that another labor was before him

file: 7641-96684-0029.flac
expected: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_2: ihave draged up from lhe andrld he thought the hound that guards lows whom detprean sown intero the roelnm of the gat of thandrwoald
	layer_4: ihave draged up from the undewrld he thought the hound tha gards lowse whom deathperiene soun into the ralm of the god of thunderwald
	layer_6: i have dragged up from the underwrld he thought the hound that guards lows whom death bring sownd into the realm of the god of the underold
	layer_8: i have dragged up from the underwrld he thought the hound that guards los whom death breing sown into the realm of the god of the underwrorld
	layer_10: ihave dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that gards los whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underwold
	layer_12: ihave dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that gards lohes whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld

file: 7641-96684-0030.flac
expected: why should i not strive with death
	layer_2: why should i not strioe with death
	layer_4: why should i not strive with death
	layer_6: why should i not strive with death
	layer_8: why should i not strive with death
	layer_10: why should i not strive with death
	layer_12: why should i not strive with death

file: 7641-96684-0031.flac
expected: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_2: and waodee noble thin it would be t bring bak this fathful woman to her house and to where husbaned
	layer_4: and want e noblethin it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_6: and whate a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_8: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_10: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_12: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband

file: 7641-96684-0032.flac
expected: he left the palace of admetus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_2: helefthe pouise of ad meades and he wint the cempl of the gards
	layer_4: he leuftd the palace of ad meadise and he wint to the temple of the gods
	layer_6: he left the palace of admarus and he went to the tample of the gods
	layer_8: he left the palace of admedrus and he went to the templ of the gods
	layer_10: he left the palace of admedrus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_12: he left the palace of admerus and he went to the temple of the gods

file: 7641-96684-0033.flac
expected: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_2: you are held by me doet and you will not be let go in less you promistor go forth from the sstample without brining one with you
	layer_4: you are held by me death and you will not belet go in less you promise to go forth from the sample without brining one with you
	layer_6: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promised to go forth from the stample without brenging one with you
	layer_8: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without bringing one with you
	layer_10: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this tample without bringing one with you
	layer_12: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you

file: 7641-96684-0034.flac
expected: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_2: and death knoing that heracles could hold him there and toat the business of the god of munderwals would be left on don if ye were held promits that he or leaved the tomple without brin one withimg
	layer_4: and death knowing that huracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of manderwrls would be left on done if you were held promis that he woed leave the temple without brin one withim
	layer_6: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerworld would be left ondone if heu were held promise that he would leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_8: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerworldh would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_10: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of vanderword would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_12: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of vanderworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him

file: 7641-96684-0035.flac
expected: she was veiled and admetus could not see her features
	layer_2: she was vaild an had menducs could not see her futures
	layer_4: she was vailed an ad metice could not see her features
	layer_6: she was veiled and admedice could not see her features
	layer_8: she was veiled and admedice could not see her features
	layer_10: she was veiled and ad metic could not see her features
	layer_12: she was veiled and ad metice could not see her features

file: 7641-96684-0036.flac
expected: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_2: her is a wilman whomi am bren back to r husmand i wone her from anenemy
	layer_4: here is a woman whom i am bren back to her husband i wone her from anenemy
	layer_6: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i wan her from an enemy
	layer_8: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i wan her from an enemy
	layer_10: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_12: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy

file: 7641-96684-0037.flac
expected: this i cannot do said admetus i have had pangs enough
	layer_2: thisi kannot doe saidtered menducs ave had pains anogh
	layer_4: this i cannot do said urn midic a've had pains enough
	layer_6: this i cannot do saitun medic i've had pains enough
	layer_8: this i cannot do satun medice i've had pains enough
	layer_10: this i cannot do satun medis i've had pains enough
	layer_12: this i cannot do satun medis i've had pains enough

file: 7641-96684-0038.flac
expected: then admetus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house
	layer_2: then  at meter sraised the vaile of the oman he had taken  cross of the thir shodeof his heufs
	layer_4: then at mettew sraised the vail of the woman he had taken cross of the thir should e f his houves
	layer_6: then at meatu sraised the veil of the woman he had taken cross the thirst shoulder of his house
	layer_8: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thirshoulder of his house
	layer_10: then at mettus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thrsholder of his house
	layer_12: then at mettus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshsholder of his house

file: 7641-96252-0000.flac
expected: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_2: thus win dogmas ledit what the man rally and in general wills frmain still the same
	layer_4: thus wen dog mas lead it what the man really and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_6: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_8: thus when dogmus lead it what the man really and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_10: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_12: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same

file: 7641-96252-0001.flac
expected: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_2: for these are caefol anly for themselves for their on egalism jus lieta bandit from whom there only desteng uish by tobserty of their means
	layer_4: for these are careral only for themselves for their on egoism just like th bandit from whom they are only distiguishd by thebsurdy of their means
	layer_6: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the obsurty of their means
	layer_8: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurity of their means
	layer_10: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurity of their means
	layer_12: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means

file: 7641-96252-0002.flac
expected: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_2: the deds and conduct oin individual and of ination mayyd be vrry much motified to dauggwes exaample andcustom
	layer_4: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of ination may be very much modified through doges example ancustom
	layer_6: the deeds ind conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dog was example and custom
	layer_8: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dagmas example and custom
	layer_10: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dagas example and custom
	layer_12: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dagas example and custom

file: 7641-96252-0003.flac
expected: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_2: with in equal do gree of wikenness one man may dian tawil an anotherint a bozsn of is family
	layer_4: with an equal degree of wickenness one man mayd dieon the wel and another in the bozm of is family
	layer_6: with an equal degree of wickidness one man may die on the wheel ind another in the bosom of hits family
	layer_8: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel in another in the bosom of his family
	layer_10: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel in another in the bosom of his family
	layer_12: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel in another in the bosom of his family

file: 7641-96252-0004.flac
expected: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_2: it is conceive able thya perfect state or perhaps indeed accompleet and firmnly belevee docton of er wars an pounshmentcs after death light prvent every crime politicalyg much would begaine to their vy moraly nothing on ar thexpression of the will in life would bear stricte
	layer_4: it is conceiveable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctuon of erwards and punshments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained ther vi maroaly nothing onlyr the expression of the will in life would be ur stricted
	layer_6: it is conceivable thy  perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrin of ewards and punshments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thervby morrally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be er stricted
	layer_8: it is conceivable thay a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_10: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_12: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted

file: 7641-96252-0005.flac
expected: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_2: we who eer sek the teri o virtu and have there for asit expressiv stracty the nat r ofe the kowldge which lisot itfoundation wellet be un nable to conva that nage itself in thi suxpression
	layer_4: we who her seek the theory o virtu and have there for alsit expressdive stractly the natur of the knowledge which lis at its foundation will yet be unable to convaey that mowlge itself in the sexpression
	layer_6: we who heare seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to expressive stractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_8: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express ibstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_10: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_12: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression

file: 7641-96252-0006.flac
expected: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only belongs to a fleeting and illusive phenomenon
	layer_2: he ses hat the istinction tbe twen hiself and ellers which truh the bad man is so great a galth only blong thro h flenin and losovf phinomom
	layer_4: he sees that th eistinction between himself and elars which troh the badman as so great a golth only blon throug a fleating and louseive phenonmnom
	layer_6: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which thro the bad man is so great agulfh only blond through a fleeting and ellousive phenomenom
	layer_8: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which tho the bad man is so great a gulf only blonded through a fleeting and elusive phenomenom
	layer_10: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only blonde through a fleeting and elusive phenomenon
	layer_12: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only blonde through a fleeting and elusive phenomenon

file: 7641-96252-0007.flac
expected: he recognises himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_2: hevreconmizs hes himself his will an evere ben and consiquenly asor in the suffer
	layer_4: hewreconmise his himself his will in ever been and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_6: he recognisees himself his will in every been and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_8: he recognizes himself his will in every bein and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_10: he recognizes himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_12: he recognizes himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer

file: 7641-96252-0008.flac
expected: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_2: but lotdters the necessary and i nevered bl symptiof that knoge
	layer_4: but thelaters the necessary and eneverdiable symptim of that knoge
	layer_6: but the latters the necessary and ievitable symptom of that knoledge
	layer_8: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_10: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_12: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge

file: 7641-96252-0009.flac
expected: the opposite of the sting of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_2: the opscit of the stiin of consciencs the orgein an significaints of which is explain above is the goodconciens the souesfaction which  experons after every disintressted ded
	layer_4: the obsit of the stene of conscience the organ and significantse of which is explaine above is the good conscience the sidsfaction which we experience after every disenteresteddeed
	layer_6: the opsite of the sten of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_8: the opposite of the steam of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_10: the opposite of the steeam of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_12: the opposite of the steam of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed

file: 7641-96252-0010.flac
expected: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_2: the good man lives in world afriendily inviduals the well ben o vany of rom heregardsas this own
	layer_4: the good man lives in world a friendly ind viduals the well be in a any of whom heragardsas is own
	layer_6: the good man lives in world of friendly inviduals the well being of vany of whom heregards as his own
	layer_8: the good man lives in a world af friendly inividuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_10: the good man lives in a world a friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_12: the good man lives in a world a friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own

file: 7641-96252-0011.flac
expected: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make his disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serenity of disposition
	layer_2: therefor altlhowh the nage of the lot of menkhin generaly des not ma coalds disposition a joyforne yet the preminin molenge of is ow natur in all livin bens gives hioma certnann eve ness and even srendy of dispasition
	layer_4: therefore although the nodge of the lot of mankind generally does not mak alds disposition adjoyfone yet the peminen moledge of his ow nature in all live in beans gives om a certdin evenness and aven surendy of disposition
	layer_6: therefore although the knowldge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfown yet the permanint knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serendy of disposition
	layer_8: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfn yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beangs gives him a certain evenness and aven serrendy of disposition
	layer_10: therefore although the knowledge of the lat of mankind generally does not make is disposition a joyfn yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serendy of disposition
	layer_12: therefore although the knowledge of the lat of mankind generally does not make is disposition a joyfl n yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serendy of disposition

file: 7641-96252-0012.flac
expected: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_2: for th interest which as extende t innuerbolld my infistations conot caussuchingiety as that which his consetrated upon one
	layer_4: for the interest which is extendedt in neumerbled me infastations cnnot caused suchenxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_6: for the interest which is extended to innumerabled manifastations cannot cause such shanxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_8: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concetrated upon one
	layer_10: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_12: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one

file: 7641-96252-0013.flac
expected: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalise themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_2: laxidense which concern indvisuals clectively equalise amselves wile those which happine to the perticular indvegualaf constut good or bad fortun
	layer_4: laxcidense which concern indviduals collectively equalise himselves while those which happen to the particular indvidual cconstute good or bad fortune
	layer_6: laccidents which concern individuals collectively equalize thmselves while those which happened to the particular individual constute good or bad fortune
	layer_8: accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_10: accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_12: accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune

file: 7641-96252-0014.flac
expected: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no ought or law to prescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_2: thus though other's have set of moral prancepls which lhay gve out is prisciptions frovertu and laws which it was necessare flwe i as has alry been said cannot do this because i have no ot or loht rerescibde to the turnaly fre will
	layer_4: thus though others have sed u moral princeples which they giave out is presciptions frvirtue and laws which it was necessaryd follow i as has alray been said cannot do this because i have kno ogt or lat rerescribe to the ternally free will
	layer_6: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary d follow i as has alray been said cannot do this because i have no oght or lat rescribed to the eternalle free will
	layer_8: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lat rescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_10: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt prescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_12: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt prescribed to the eternally free will

file: 7641-96252-0015.flac
expected: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_2: for tho then this ut cannot go for lergs this no reason fro perferd in th indi vejuildy of nmother to its oun
	layer_4: furthur than this it cannot go for theregs is no reason fror preferrdin the individuaity of nother to its on
	layer_6: further than this it cannot go for ter extis no reason for prefere in the individuality of nother to its own
	layer_8: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferrin in the individuality of another to its own
	layer_10: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_12: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own

file: 7641-96252-0016.flac
expected: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the regard for one's own particular well being
	layer_2: yet the number of other indivitjuals whose whol happneser life as indang er mayoutwayther gard for ones own perticular welel beng
	layer_4: yet the number of other intdividuals whose whole happines or life is in danger may out wayther gard for ones own particular well being
	layer_6: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happines or life is in danger may out wayther guard for one's own particular well being
	layer_8: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwethe rguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_10: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweitha regard for one's own particular well being
	layer_12: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweihtha regard for one's own particular well being

file: 7641-96252-0017.flac
expected: so died socrates and giordano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hands of the priests
	layer_2: so d id socjes an gear doo buno and so many hereof the trudth suffere deth at the stake at the hand off the prece
	layer_4: so did soccies an gur dano bruno and so many heroof the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_6: so died sokrates an gerdano bruno and so many herof the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_8: so dyedsocrages ind girdano bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_10: so diedsocrates in girdano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_12: so diedsocrates in girdano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest

file: 7641-96252-0018.flac
expected: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_2: weeping is cordinly simpathy with er own selves or sempto the directed back on it sorcse
	layer_4: weeping is ccordanly sympaty with hour on selves or sympte directed back on it source
	layer_6: weepin is accordintly sympathy with our onselves or symphty directed back on its source
	layer_8: weeping is accordinagly sympathy with hour owncelves or symphathy directed back on its source
	layer_10: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own celves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_12: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own celves or sympathy directed back on its source

file: 7641-96252-0019.flac
expected: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_2: it is therefor conditinal upon the ccastu for lovan ceite pathe and also on i magination
	layer_4: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for loveincit pathy and also pon amagination
	layer_6: it is therefore conditional upon the copascue for love and sipathy and also wpan imagination
	layer_8: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_10: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_12: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sympathy and also upon imagination

file: 7641-96252-0020.flac
expected: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_2: when we are moved totears nothrouhor own suffering but through that o another this happin's as follows
	layer_4: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_6: when we are move to tears not through our on suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_8: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_10: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_12: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows

file: 7641-96252-0021.flac
expected: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_2: eithe we vivedly put hurselves in the place o the suffer by  magination or see ind his fate the lot of uman di as a whol uncons quently firs of all aure own lot and thuson ovary round wbout way i as eat alwayes about erselvf sot we wep syimpathe with ourselve which e feal this sems to be the princpolrieason of the universal and dus natural wepin in te case of death
	layer_4: either we vividly put ourselves in the place f the suffer by a magination or see ind his fate the lot of human d has a hole and consquently firs of all our own lot and thus ina very round bout way it is yet always about orselves that we weep sympathy with ourselve which we feel this seems to be the principolreason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the cases of death
	layer_6: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humandy as a whole undconsequently first of all oure on lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselve which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_8: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole andconsequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves thot we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_10: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity has a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves thot we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_12: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity has a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves thot we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death

file: 7641-96252-0022.flac
expected: first of all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wished for deliverance
	layer_2: for soall he sernainly weps for the fat of the dead bat he als weeps win aftea long heavy and in ceureble suffering deathwast to this man awihfore do liverencs
	layer_4: for so all he scertainlly weeps for the fate of the dead but he alse weeps win after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverence
	layer_6: for sowall he certinly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_8: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he als weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_10: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_12: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance

file: 7641-96670-0000.flac
expected: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_2: they were in the land thi s peeple said before the moon had come into te sky
	layer_4: they were in the land this speople said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_6: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_8: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_10: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_12: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky

file: 7641-96670-0001.flac
expected: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with king sesostris stayed in that city of aea and they taught people spells that could stay the moon in her going and coming in her rising and setting
	layer_2: and many of the mgitions ofvjop to had come with ken esostres stade e lat city o aa and they tot people spells ta could sta the mouinenra goin andcomin in arrisin in stting
	layer_4: and many of the magitians of ugyp ho had come with keen esaustrous stayed in lhat cityof aar and they tapeople spells that could stay the moononr a going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_6: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with geen sisastrous stayed in that cityof aa and thei tauhk people spells that could stay the moonar a going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_8: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with keen sesastrous stayed in that city of aa and their taught people spells that could stay the moonar a going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_10: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with keen cesastres stayed in that city of aa and their talht people spells that could stay the moona or going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_12: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with keen cesastres stayed in that city of aa and they talht people spells that could stay the moonaor going and coming in arrising and setting

file: 7641-96670-0002.flac
expected: medea too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon
	layer_2: media too his wis daughter mno the secret s toalkt by lthowse who could sway the moon
	layer_4: media too his wis daughter ne the secrets taked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_6: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets tapked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_8: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets taugked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_10: media too his wife's daughter knew the secrets tauked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_12: media too his wife's daughter knew the secrets tauked by those who could sway the moon

file: 7641-96670-0003.flac
expected: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_2: for jacon was ta gran sonn of cretious and cretious was the brother of a thamis their grand falter
	layer_4: for jasin was tha gran son of cratheus and crethius was the brother of athamas ther granfaer
	layer_6: for jason was ta grand son of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamis their grandfather
	layer_8: for jason was a grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamus their grandfather
	layer_10: for jason was the grandson of crethius and crethius was the brother of athamus their grandfather
	layer_12: for jason was the grandson of crethius and cretheus was the brother of athamus their grandfather

file: 7641-96670-0004.flac
expected: jason took peleus and telamon with him
	layer_2: jrasene tooc pellius and tealm on with him
	layer_4: dasene took pelius and tem on with him
	layer_6: jason took pelius and telimon with him
	layer_8: jason took peleas and tel himon with him
	layer_10: jason took peleas and telhimon with him
	layer_12: jason took peleas and telimon with him

file: 7641-96670-0005.flac
expected: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrixus went through the city without being seen
	layer_2: as they came to the city a mist fell and dacton andis comrades wit the suns of frictss wheinct thru the city without beenseen
	layer_4: as they came to the city a mist fell and dacon and is comrades with the suns of frictis went throug the city without been seen
	layer_6: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the suns of frictes went through the city without being seen
	layer_8: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of fries went through the city without being seen
	layer_10: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phries went through the city without being seen
	layer_12: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phries went through the city without being seen

file: 7641-96670-0006.flac
expected: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_2: the mis lifted and before the sherls was the wonder of the pose in the brikp light of the morninm
	layer_4: the mis lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palce in the briht light of the morning
	layer_6: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_8: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_10: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_12: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning

file: 7641-96670-0007.flac
expected: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one king a eetes lived with apsyrtus his son and in the other chalciope and medea lived with their handmaidens
	layer_2: on heside of the cortyaudrward t a pase buillings in one keen ay t i slive dith ab sertise his sun and in the otere chalse iopay and media lived at tor hand matens
	layer_4: on ecside of the courtyat ward the pause billings in one keen aeti sliveduth absurtis his sun and in the other chelseieope and medi i lived ith ter hand matence
	layer_6: on each side of the courtyard ward the pause buillings in one ken eatislived with absurtist his son and in the other chasciope and medii lived withter hand majens
	layer_8: on each side of the courtyard oward the palace bildings in one keenayds lived with absurdis his son and in the other chalsiope and medial lived with teir handmaidens
	layer_10: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one kenars lived with absurdist his son and in the other chalsiope and media lived with their handmaidrens
	layer_12: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one ken ares lived with absurdist his son and in the other chalciope and media lived with their handmaidrens

file: 7641-96670-0008.flac
expected: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and medea saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_2: and then adove thoutward her it was been chase by hock andd meady a saw the hoxise and beak
	layer_4: and then adove thou toward her it was been chase by hok and media saw the hoxise and beak
	layer_6: and then a dove thu toward her it was being chased by hawk an meia saw the huk's eyes and beak
	layer_8: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metia saw the huck's eyes and beak
	layer_10: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hak and metia saw the hucks eyes and beak
	layer_12: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hak and metia saw the hucks eyes and beak

file: 7641-96670-0009.flac
expected: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_2: we polled ewa from that place and ter after we were diveen by the winsbackti the mouth of the fusese
	layer_4: we pouled away from that place and ther after we were jriven by the winds back io the mouth of the fruses
	layer_6: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the fresis
	layer_8: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the fresis
	layer_10: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the frasus
	layer_12: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the frasus

file: 7641-96670-0010.flac
expected: with him there came the mightiest of the heroes of greece
	layer_2: with him theire came the mightest of the chers of gres
	layer_4: with him their came the mightest of the shers of grece
	layer_6: with him there came the mightest of the sheows of grese
	layer_8: with him there came the mightest of the sharows of greece
	layer_10: with him there came the mightiest of the shadows of greece
	layer_12: with him there came the mightiest of the shadows of greece

file: 7641-96670-0011.flac
expected: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sauromatae
	layer_2: al ready he has herd of your biterfos the sar motime
	layer_4: already he has heard of your bitterpos the sor moty
	layer_6: alrady he has heard of your bitterpos the sar moti
	layer_8: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sarmati
	layer_10: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sarmatta
	layer_12: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sarmattai

file: 7641-96670-0012.flac
expected: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_2: he with is comrad wat sudo them fr y
	layer_4: he with his comrades would subdo them for yw
	layer_6: he with his comrade would subdu them for you
	layer_8: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_10: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_12: he with his comrades would subdue them for you

file: 7641-96670-0013.flac
expected: a eetes's heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_2: it is hart was filld with rath as he wloked upon them and his eye showmesa lupperd sies
	layer_4: it is heart was filled with rath as he wlooked upon them and his eyes showem ase lepperd's eies
	layer_6: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes showne as a luppard's eyes
	layer_8: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as ha leopard's eyes
	layer_10: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_12: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes

file: 7641-96670-0014.flac
expected: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_2: and then speakin to the kn in a quietevoise jaten saidr
	layer_4: and then speakinto the ken in a quite voice jastan said
	layer_6: and then speak ingto the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_8: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_10: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_12: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said

file: 7641-96670-0015.flac
expected: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_2: his heart was devided as twether he should sommon his armd men and have them slan upon hespot or whether he shoul put tha men to gangerby the ril he would make of them
	layer_4: his heart was divided as toweather he should someming his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put the in to ganger by the tril he wound make of them
	layer_6: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armt men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into ganger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_8: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_10: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_12: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them

file: 7641-96670-0016.flac
expected: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the immortals
	layer_2: it may be that euaretul ty of the sid of theg mornaels
	layer_4: it may be that e are truely of the cede of the mortals
	layer_6: it may be that ye are truly of the sed of the mortals
	layer_8: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_10: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_12: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals

file: 7641-96670-0017.flac
expected: and it may be that i shall give you the golden fleece to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_2: and it may be that i shaull give you the gomstlyese to beirway afteri ve may thril you
	layer_4: and it may be that i shall give you the gomplese to bearway after i have made trialf you
	layer_6: and it may be that i shall give you the gomb plece to bearway after i have made trilof you
	layer_8: and it may be that i shall give you the gome plice to bear way after i have made tril of you
	layer_10: and it may be that i shall give you the gom plice to bear way after i have made trial of you
	layer_12: and it may be that i shall give you the gom plice to bear away after i have made trial of you

file: 7641-96670-0018.flac
expected: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_2: sh antered softly and she stood awayfron wore father and the fore who wer speaking withm
	layer_4: sheantered softly and she stood away from were father and the fore who were speaking withim
	layer_6: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the for who were speaking with him
	layer_8: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_10: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_12: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him

file: 7641-96670-0019.flac
expected: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_2: she had ad darkfa sose med v stranegd by her crownofclnd hir
	layer_4: she had a dark face sos made vary strane by her crownocgoln hair
	layer_6: she had a dark face towas made very strange by her crown of glenhair
	layer_8: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_10: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_12: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair

file: 7641-96670-0020.flac
expected: know that on the plain of ares yonder i have two fire breathing bulls with feet of brass
	layer_2: no thoat on the plain o ver is yonder i have too fir breiing bols with fe t o bress
	layer_4: no that on the plainaverius yonder i have two fi brianbuls with feeto breass
	layer_6: kno that on the plain ofvaris yonder i have two fi briling bulls with feet abreass
	layer_8: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fibrilian bulls with feet abreas
	layer_10: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fibriging bulls with feet abreas
	layer_12: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fibriging bulls with feet abreast

file: 7641-96670-0021.flac
expected: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_2: then i sowd the firws not with to seend that demeter gies but with kieth of a dragion
	layer_4: then i so the firgs not with he sed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_6: then i sew the furros not with teseed that demiter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_8: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_10: then i showed the furrows not with the seed that demeater gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_12: then i shewed the furrows not with the seed that demeater gives but with teeth of a dragon

file: 7641-96670-0022.flac
expected: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_2: if you can comblishuness that iaccomplish in days gon by i shall somittyo and give you th gom fles
	layer_4: if you can complishenes that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the gom flese
	layer_6: if you can complish o is that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the golen fleece
	layer_8: if you can acomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the gold fleece
	layer_10: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit ou and give you the golden fleece
	layer_12: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to ou and give you the golden fleece

file: 7641-96670-0023.flac
expected: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_2: but if you cannout to complish what i once ucomplishe you shall gol for mi ity ampty handed for t is not righte that r brave man should yeuld ug to one knwho cannot show himself his brave
	layer_4: but if you cannotoccomplish what i wonce acomplished you shall go for my scity empty handed for t is not wright that a brave man should yild out to one who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_6: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go for my city empty handed for t is not writ that a brave man should yield ought to one who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_8: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go for my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield ot to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_10: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go fror my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield ot to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_12: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield ot to one who cannot show himself as brave

file: 7641-96670-0024.flac
expected: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_2: then jason utterly confounded cast is eyes upon tyground
	layer_4: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon theground
	layer_6: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_8: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_10: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_12: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground

file: 7641-96670-0025.flac
expected: i will dare this contest monstrous as it is
	layer_2: i will dare this contest monthstrecatis the gais
	layer_4: i will dare this contest monts recatis tegays
	layer_6: i will dare this contest months risatas thegaze
	layer_8: i will dare this contest monstrosades e gaze
	layer_10: i will dare this contest monstrosadesa gaze
	layer_12: i will dare this contest monstross adesagaze

file: 7641-96670-0026.flac
expected: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_2: as he sand this he sawd eis imediaa grow wide as wits fear
	layer_4: as he said this he saw t eysammedia gro wide as with fear
	layer_6: as he said this he saw the eyes omedia grow wide as with fear
	layer_8: as he said this he saw the eyes of metea grow wide as with fear
	layer_10: as he said this he saw the eyes of metea grow wide as with fear
	layer_12: as he said this he saw the eyes of metea grow wide as with fear

file: 7641-96670-0027.flac
expected: phrontis and melas went to where their mother was
	layer_2: fromtis mels went to wardther mother was
	layer_4: fromptis and melse went to wer their motherwas
	layer_6: fromptis and mell e went to wher their mother was
	layer_8: promptise and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_10: frontise and mels wento where their mother was
	layer_12: frontise and mels went where their mother was

file: 4831-25894-0000.flac
expected: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_2: but what cani de sof smalln stipit an shias i am
	layer_4: but what can i do so smalln stepit and shy as i am
	layer_6: but what can i do so small in stupid and shy as i am
	layer_8: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_10: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_12: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am

file: 4831-25894-0001.flac
expected: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_2: i must find some wai to giv tha littlons an thyce christmess
	layer_4: i must find some way to give the little ones and tase christmas
	layer_6: i must find some way to give the little one's annice christmas
	layer_8: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_10: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_12: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas

file: 4831-25894-0002.flac
expected: tommo will like to have me go with him and sing while he plays his harp in the streets
	layer_2: tome oll like to have ry go ith him an sing whill he plances hearpeene the streets
	layer_4: tume a a like to have rego with him en singwhile he places harp in the streets
	layer_6: tom o d like to have rego with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_8: tomawoul like to have rego with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_10: tomo old like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_12: tomo old like to have re go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets

file: 4831-25894-0003.flac
expected: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_2: yes i will try and then if i do well the little on shi have a meary cristmes
	layer_4: yes i wil try and then if i do well the little one shall have a mary christmens
	layer_6: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmats
	layer_8: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_10: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_12: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas

file: 4831-25894-0004.flac
expected: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_2: but se t anit is cold in the strats the win bits in the snow fraces oncetingers
	layer_4: but se vanded is cold in the streets the win bits ind the snow fraces one s tingers
	layer_6: but see van it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow phrazes ones fingers
	layer_8: but seea then it is cold in the streets the wind bites an the snow frazes one's fingers
	layer_10: let see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow frazes one's fingers
	layer_12: let see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow frazes one's fingers

file: 4831-25894-0005.flac
expected: she thanked tommo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_2: she thant tolm owwand ran awayde to get ready for she fhout shir her falthor would notain fes her anythen
	layer_4: she thank toma an ran awayi to get ready for she felt sr her father would not onmefhese her anything
	layer_6: she thanked toma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not repese her anything
	layer_8: she thanked tomma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not cpluase her anything
	layer_10: she thanked tama and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not puase her anything
	layer_12: she thanked tama and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not puase her anything

file: 4831-25894-0006.flac
expected: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_2: then she wased out little runses frock and put it a dryd becaseshe would not the aowl s doithe exday
	layer_4: then she wased out little runsas frack and put it to dry because she would not be obld to do at the next day
	layer_6: then she washed out little runs's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_8: then she washed out little runsa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_10: then she washed out little ransa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_12: then she washed out little ransa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day

file: 4831-25894-0007.flac
expected: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_2: she long to make the beds and dresd the childeren overnight she wasan sucha hurrie to have all an order but as ht could not be she sat downygan an chigde of ver all the soun she knou
	layer_4: she longe to make the beds and dressed the childrenofvernight she was in such a hurriy to have all inorder but as that could not be she sat down again an chid ovher all thes song she knew
	layer_6: she longed to make the beds and dresse the children of er night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and chid over all the song she knew
	layer_8: she longed to make the beds and dress the children alther night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and ctried over all the songs she knew
	layer_10: she longed to make the beds and dress the children altr night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_12: she longed to make the beds and dress the children alvr night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew

file: 4831-25894-0008.flac
expected: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_2: when she had told her plan peter bon aury shoo is head and gughto would never do butesi baked so hard he consentod at last that she should chriet for want aweek an senter to bet the happiy us little grorn ne york
	layer_4: when she had told her plan peter ben ary shook hits head and thought i would never do but tesa bekg so hard he consented at last that she should triet for ont a week an sent her to bet the happy as little grawln theyork
	layer_6: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it ould never do buttesse beged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for ote a week and sent here to bed the happyes little groll in the york
	layer_8: when she had told her plan peter banarri shook his head and thought i would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_10: when she had told her plan peter benary shook his head and thought it would never do but tesa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_12: when she had told her plan peter barnary shook his head and thought it would never do but tesa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york

file: 4831-25894-0009.flac
expected: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tommo's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_2: a sin is her father was con tose flow about im put every thing in myce order telling the childen she was going out for the day and tey were to mind tome was mother who whud see a bout the fir and the ditter for the good women lefed esa ind inturdin to her little plams with all her heart
	layer_4: as soon as her father was gone tosiflew about im put everything in mice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tome was mother who would see about the fire and the ditr for the good woman leved esa and entered int to her little plams withall her heart
	layer_6: as soon as her father was gone tese flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tome was mother who would see about the fire in the dinner for the good woman loved esa and intured into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_8: as soon as her father was gone tessta flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_10: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved essa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_12: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman leved essa and entered into her little plans with all her heart

file: 4831-25894-0010.flac
expected: poor tessa's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_2: portes is heart reet vfaset is she truged doway with tommo who slungiis hearp over hi shoulder and gaveher is hnd
	layer_4: por tes his heart reet fast as she traged daway with tomo who slungas hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_6: portessth's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_8: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_10: poor tes's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_12: poor tes's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand

file: 4831-25894-0011.flac
expected: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_2: it was rather a dirty hand but so kime that te sic contoit and kep looking upat the frend ly bronface forne crgement
	layer_4: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind thet tesa coung to it and kipt looking up at the friendly bround face for in coragement
	layer_6: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tesac cong to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_8: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_10: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_12: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement

file: 4831-25894-0012.flac
expected: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is merry and will make the laugh whispered tommo tuning his harp
	layer_2: see now have nor fr give them bila monaca that is mari an willmake tha laugh waispre teomo tuning is harp
	layer_4: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is mary an will make the laugh whisperatomo tuning is harp
	layer_6: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is mariand will make the laugh whisperethoma tuning his harp
	layer_8: see now have no fear give them pella monica that is marian will make the laugh whispered toma tuning his harp
	layer_10: see now have no fear give them bellamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tomo turning his harp
	layer_12: see now have no fear give them bellamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tomo turning his harp

file: 4831-25894-0013.flac
expected: one fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_2: whon h fatod frienche morn nan ed to her ind it seemed to help ero very much for shed began to sing befor she tought and that was the heard as part of it
	layer_4: one a fadtled frencheman noted to her ind it seeme to help here very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the heard is part of it
	layer_6: hene fatdled frienchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the heart ast part of it
	layer_8: when fadtoled frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardes part of it
	layer_10: when fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hartest part of it
	layer_12: when fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hartest part of it

file: 4831-25894-0014.flac
expected: but tommo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_2: bu tombi shock his cerly had n eamswered sopernly ye e shi took ie there first for they love music and ar of our country but up emong becreate housees we shall not always do well
	layer_4: but tombashook his curly had an answered soverly ye hes i took you theire first for theyr love music and ur of our country but up among te great house as we shall not always do well
	layer_6: but tomboshook has curley had an answered soberly yes i took you ther first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houseas we shall not always do well
	layer_8: but tombo shook his curley had andanswered soberly yes i took you there first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_10: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_12: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well

file: 4831-25894-0015.flac
expected: but she had made half a dollar for tommo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_2: but se had mede alf a doller for tomere devid ed the mony fairly an she fhought rich with her shair
	layer_4: but she had made half a dollar for tommer divided the money fairly and she fhoelght rich with her share
	layer_6: but she had made half a dollar for tum or divided the money fairly and she felht rich with her shaire
	layer_8: but she had made half a dollar for tomo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_10: but she had made half a dollar for tomo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_12: but she had made half a dollar for toma divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share

file: 4831-25894-0016.flac
expected: her hands were covered with chilblains for she had no mittens but she put them under her shawl and scuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_2: her hands were covered with childlains fer she had no mentens but she had put the unde her shall and shuffld marily awayin her bigk boodts veiling so gla d lef the weq was over and nearly three dollers safe ind her pocket
	layer_4: her hands were covered with chil lans fr she had no mitons but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled marily away in her big boots feeling so glad lef the wek uas over and nearly three dollars safe an her pocket
	layer_6: her hands were covered with chil lanes for she had no mittons but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe ind her pocket
	layer_8: her hands were covered with chille laines for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_10: her hands were covered with chilled lains for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_12: her hands were covered with chilled laines for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket

file: 4831-25894-0017.flac
expected: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_2: ow gae the strihts wor that day
	layer_4: how gae the streets were that day
	layer_6: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_8: how gay the streets ere that day
	layer_10: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_12: how gay the streets were that day

file: 4831-25894-0018.flac
expected: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_2: how brisciveryr on was and how braghte the faces lookt as people tranded about with bik baskets holly riaths and young ever grean s going to blosinm en tisplended chrismistraes
	layer_4: how bris givery one was and how bright the faces lioked as people truted about with big baskets holly reaths and young ever greens going to blossom antosplendid christmastrees
	layer_6: how brist giveryone was and how bright the facees looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young ever greens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_8: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_10: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_12: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees

file: 4831-25894-0019.flac
expected: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_2: but i can't so lfild the socx alf full ind tbe happy saittesa ans shoe lookedwisvuli into the gastors and saw the heavy baskits co by
	layer_4: but i can't so ill fill the sock all full and be happy saitessa as she looked whisfulliinto the ga estoors an saw the heavy baskets co by
	layer_6: but i can't so i'll fill the socks a full and be happy saitessa as she looked wisfully into the gay estoors and saw the heavy vaskets go by
	layer_8: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy sai tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_10: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_12: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by

file: 4831-25894-0020.flac
expected: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had a plan as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trudged through the mud
	layer_2: who nows what ma happeen if wi you well erst urne tombma nonding wisely for he had cplaon this well as tesa and ket chuckling over t as he ctrurged tou the mid
	layer_4: who knows lhat may happen if wud you well return toma noing wisely for he had plan this well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he turged through the mid
	layer_6: who knows what may happen if would you well returned tomo nodding wisely for he had pland thas well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he chudged through the mud
	layer_8: who knows what may happen if wuld you well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planne as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he churdged through the mud
	layer_10: who knows what may happen if wed yo well returned tomo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he churged through the mud
	layer_12: who knows what may happen if wed do well returned tomo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he churged through the mud

file: 4831-25894-0021.flac
expected: we'll try one more street and then go home thou art so tired little one
	layer_2: wh'l hri wene more street ind ten go home thea t sotired little one
	layer_4: weill t i wone more street ind then gohome thre t so tired little one
	layer_6: well try one more street and then go home there a so tired little one
	layer_8: we'll try one more street and then go home theiar at so tired little one
	layer_10: we'll try one more street and then go home thor at so tired little one
	layer_12: we'll try one more street and then go home thor a so tired little one

file: 4831-25894-0022.flac
expected: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_2: at the forth som people at them saing alther sons and gave nothing
	layer_4: at the fourth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_6: at the fourth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_8: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_10: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_12: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing

file: 4831-25894-0023.flac
expected: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tommo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_2: tesa felt so greatful that without waiting for tomo she sangher swet ead slittle sawng allolon
	layer_4: test the felt so gratful that without waiting for toma she sing her sweete little song all alone
	layer_6: testthe felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetas little song all alone
	layer_8: tesa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_10: tesa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_12: tesa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone

file: 4831-25894-0024.flac
expected: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_2: i'last momua said ros and away she wenton to the dining r om clos by
	layer_4: ilast mama said rose and aways she went into the dining room close by
	layer_6: i' last mama said rose and awa she went into the dining room close by
	layer_8: i'll aske mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_10: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_12: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by

file: 4831-25894-0025.flac
expected: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine in tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_2: as the doropened tecasow at looke to herlik a feiry feast all solver mugs and flowery plats an orngesand nuts and rosy wine an talglaspicures and smoking dishes thips not so deliciosly she could not restran a little sniff of satesfaction
	layer_4: as the door opened tese saw what looked to her like a fairy fheast all silver mugs and flowery plates and ornges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that s melt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_6: as the door opened tes a saw woalt looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glasspitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_8: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_10: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_12: as the door opened tessa saw what looke to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction

file: 4831-25894-0026.flac
expected: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_2: aya si shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life bofor cried tommo with a florsh of the old capf that made the children laugh
	layer_4: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life befor cried tomma with a floorish of the old capt that made the children laugh
	layer_6: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_8: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_10: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_12: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh

file: 4831-25894-0027.flac
expected: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_2: yve these to your brother said the fary pranestuffing nots an orngesan to tese's hans
	layer_4: yeive these to your brother said the fairy prine sduffing nuts and ornges an o teses hamnds
	layer_6: give these to your brother said the fairy prince sduffing nuts and oranges and to tesst his hands
	layer_8: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges in to testhes hands
	layer_10: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into test his hands
	layer_12: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into test his hands

file: 4831-25894-0028.flac
expected: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_2: al so kind so very kined i have no way to say thank you but runsa shall be for you a heavendly angel and i will sing my heard oupt for your tret criedthese folding the mitens as if she would say ar par of fthenke ful ness if she knou how
	layer_4: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runsas shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will seng my hard out for your treeak cried cesa folding the mittens es if she would say a prayr of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_6: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runzas shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your treea cried tresa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_8: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ronsa shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your treea cried tesa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_10: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ronza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tesa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_12: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ronza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tesa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how

file: 4831-25894-0029.flac
expected: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_2: she got upperly to see ofd te sox were alr ight and there she found the most estonishing saighte
	layer_4: she got upearohly to see if the sacx where all right and there she found the most estonashing sigt
	layer_6: she got upearly to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sighte
	layer_8: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_10: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_12: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight

file: 4831-25894-0030.flac
expected: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_2: for soxnsaid of three and by the forth pind out quite eligently was a woittle dress evidntly ment for her o warm woln dress all made an actuale with bright butons on it
	layer_4: four soxonsid of three and by the forth pind oubt quite alegantly was he little dress evidently meant for her o warm willendress all maide and actually with bright buttoens on it
	layer_6: four socks insted of three and by the fourth pined out quite elegantly was ha little dress evidently meant for her a warm wollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_8: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm wollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_10: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_12: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it

file: 4831-25894-0031.flac
expected: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_2: tesa scramed a dancet in her dlighte and uf ton bee all the chioldren to scramemendance with her making heragular carn of net smolskl
	layer_4: tess a screamed adanced in her deight and uf tumble all the children to scream in dance with her making aregular corn of onat small scale
	layer_6: tess a screamed and danced in her delight and upf tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a rregular carnivan small scale
	layer_8: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnivl oin a small scale
	layer_10: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival in a small scale
	layer_12: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival in a small scale

file: 4831-25894-0032.flac
expected: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_2: in her long stocking she found al sorts of tressures for tome o had stuft at full of cuerthings in his mother had matdinderbet in to every amaginamble shape fromthat pigs to fl omn avusses
	layer_4: in her long stocking she found all sorts of tresures for tomo had stuffed it full of qura things in his mother had madtd indrbed into every ar maginable shape from that pigs to follo omni esses
	layer_6: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed at full of quer things in his mother had madte inderbed into every imaginable shape from that pigs to follow omnevuses
	layer_8: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomoe had stuffed it full of queer things in his mother had made tingerbed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to fullow omnibusses
	layer_10: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things in his mother had made tingerbed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to fullow omnibuces
	layer_12: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tamo had stuffed it full of queer things in his mother had made tingerbed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to fullow omnibuces

file: 4831-25894-0033.flac
expected: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_2: littlel romso was eccepta with delight by the kind lady an her childrn and tes a lerin the song quiteasily
	layer_4: little ransa was eccepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and teselearn the sung quiteasily
	layer_6: little ramsa was axcepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tesa learned the song quite easily
	layer_8: little ramsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tesse learned the song quite easily
	layer_10: little ramsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_12: little ramza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily

file: 4831-25894-0034.flac
expected: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_2: arese from the crowt of childeren gatherd to the festifl
	layer_4: aresd from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_6: arese from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_8: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_10: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_12: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival

file: 4831-25894-0035.flac
expected: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise
	layer_2: before they went home the kind mom ma tol tesiss e should be her friend and gaive her motherlyckasst whach rm the chow's heart and sem to setip seal upon that promise
	layer_4: before they went home the kind amama tol tesis she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warme the chis heart and seemed to set iyceal upon that promise
	layer_6: before they went home the kind mamma told tessish she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmd the child's heart and seemed to set at t seal upon that promised
	layer_8: before they went home the kind mamma told tessas she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set at  seal upon that promise
	layer_10: before they went home the kind mamma told tessus she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set atseal upon that promise
	layer_12: before they went home the kind mamma told tessis she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set aseal upon that promise

file: 4831-29134-0000.flac
expected: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_2: the sunaderd took has seeed in the pupet with the minustrown one side of him and the superintended of the sunday t cool on the other
	layer_4: the cenator took his seat in the pulpet with he ministron one side of him and the superintended of the sunday scool on the other
	layer_6: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with e miniedrang one side of him and the superintended of the sunday school on the other
	layer_8: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minnictrawn one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_10: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the ministran one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_12: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the ministrawn one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other

file: 4831-29134-0001.flac
expected: so awed were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_2: so audwar they by the presense of a living u nited stat sendteter that djuring threemituts not ispit ball was trone
	layer_4: so addwar they by the presence of a living united state scentor that during three mitutes not a spit bal was throne
	layer_6: so oddware they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_8: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_10: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown
	layer_12: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown

file: 4831-29134-0002.flac
expected: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_2: after that they began to come to themselvs by egres and presently the spell was holdlyg on and they were rsigting verses and polly hair
	layer_4: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees an presently the spell was wholdly gone and they were reciting verses and puly hair
	layer_6: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was holdly gone and they were reciting verses and poly hair
	layer_8: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and poly haire
	layer_10: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and poley hair
	layer_12: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and poley hair

file: 4831-29134-0003.flac
expected: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_2: the usual sunday scal ecxercises were hurried throg and then the ministrgat up and bord the house with a speechebilts on the custmary sun dthey scool plan thean the superen tendet put in his or an then the tanp ting utaries had their sy
	layer_4: the usual sunday schoal exercises were hurried throug and then the ministurgot up and board the house with a speech bilt on the custmary sunday shool plan then the superin tendant put in his orand then the tomeding itaries had their say
	layer_6: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with tha speech bilt on the customarys sunday schol plan then the superintendent put in his oar and then the townp dignutaries had there sayl
	layer_8: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oard then the town dignitaries had theire say
	layer_10: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oarnd then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_12: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oarer nd then the town dignitaries had their say

file: 4831-29134-0004.flac
expected: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_2: and i am some populous senter of my own country were the choises children of the lant have been selected and brought ogether as at a fair for a prise no
	layer_4: am i an some populous centere of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as hat a fair for a prise no
	layer_6: am i am some populout centre of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_8: am i am some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_10: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_12: am i in some populouce centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no

file: 4831-29134-0005.flac
expected: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_2: than weare a mi yes weara i
	layer_4: then weram i yes weram i
	layer_6: then wheream i yes wheream i
	layer_8: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_10: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_12: then where am i yes where am i

file: 4831-29134-0006.flac
expected: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_2: my sol as last and wonder at the thought
	layer_4: my soul as lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_6: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_8: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_10: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_12: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought

file: 4831-29134-0007.flac
expected: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_2: arthas no highre no grander position for my
	layer_4: earth has no higer no grander position for me
	layer_6: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_8: earth has no higher no grandeur position for me
	layer_10: earth has no higher no grandeur position for me
	layer_12: earth has no higher no grandeur position for me

file: 4831-29134-0008.flac
expected: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_2: than what is it what did my consciousiness reply
	layer_4: than what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_6: than what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_8: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_10: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_12: then what is it what did my consciousness reply

file: 4831-29134-0009.flac
expected: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_2: o think of that nwl i could hardly keep the tears back i was so gratful
	layer_4: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_6: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_8: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_10: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the taars back i was so grateful
	layer_12: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tiars back i was so grateful

file: 4831-29134-0010.flac
expected: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_2: they cun not give him ae cosly aducation but they were good and wis and theys sent im to the sunde s hoor he love the sanneiy schoo
	layer_4: they culd not give him accosly education but they were good and wise and they sendt him to the sunday school he loved thisunnay schol
	layer_6: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they send him to the sunday school he loved thisunday school
	layer_8: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved thi sunday school
	layer_10: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_12: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0011.flac
expected: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_2: i hope you love your suneday school yis seevb y your facees that you do that is right
	layer_4: i hope you love your sunday school ai seeive y your faces that you do that is right
	layer_6: i hope you love your sunday school ai seive y your facis that you do that is right
	layer_8: i hope you love your sunday school ah  see by your fac is that you do that is right
	layer_10: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your face is that you do that is right
	layer_12: i hope you love your sunday school ahi see by your face is that you do that is right

file: 4831-29134-0012.flac
expected: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_2: ilways lov yoar teacheres my childrn for they love yu more tha you can now now
	layer_4: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_6: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_8: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_10: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_12: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now

file: 4831-29134-0013.flac
expected: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_2: and by and by the people made him govenor and he sead it was al owing to the sunday school
	layer_4: and by and by the people made him governor and he seid it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_6: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_8: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_10: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_12: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0014.flac
expected: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_2: whye the peoplegaive n a towering alustrious posistion a grand imposing position
	layer_4: why the people gave hi matowering a lestrious phosition a grand imposing position
	layer_6: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grannd imposing position
	layer_8: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_10: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_12: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position

file: 4831-29134-0015.flac
expected: it was senator of the united states
	layer_2: it was sundeder of thenited states
	layer_4: it was sendator of the united states
	layer_6: it was senator of the united states
	layer_8: it was senator of the united states
	layer_10: it was senator of the united states
	layer_12: it was senator of the united states

file: 4831-29134-0016.flac
expected: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_2: that por louittla boy that leved his thundhey scoall became that man that manstans before you
	layer_4: that poor little boy that leved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_6: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_8: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_10: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_12: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you

file: 4831-29134-0017.flac
expected: above all things my children be honest
	layer_2: abov al things my childrend be onest
	layer_4: above a'u things my childrent be honest
	layer_6: above all things my children be honest
	layer_8: above all things my children be honest
	layer_10: above all things my children be honest
	layer_12: above all things my children be honest

file: 4831-29134-0018.flac
expected: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_2: won sunrder dolar they departrd from cattle vill he leftd the reed oesand boys behind im arrangi an camphain of life whohse abject ivf point was eenited stape sun it
	layer_4: on sunred or dilwr thy departed from kattle ville he left thr ree doeszn boys behind him arangi an campain of life whose objective point was the nited stape sendtit
	layer_6: hen sunderdt or dillwerthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campagn of life whose objective point was the united stape senete
	layer_8: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campagn of life whose objective point was the united states sentate
	layer_10: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_12: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate

file: 4831-18525-0000.flac
expected: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresden and all our hard work over music won't it be fine though to jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_2: never mine poley such asper there's all next sumer and agf tara wen tur n dresdon and allaur hard work over music on av be find tho s a jont round again and his eyeseglisened
	layer_4: never mind poly sug aspert there's al next summer and aftour win turn dresseden and all aur hard work of ermusic one af be fine thosea jont round again and is eyes glistened
	layer_6: never mind polly said jaspert there'is all next summer and after our winter n dressd in and all our hard work of r music one have be fine those o jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_8: never mind polly said jaspert there's all next summer and after our winter an dresdon and all our hard work over music one u be fine those to jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_10: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter and dresden and all our hard work over music won't ud be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_12: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter an dresden and all our hard work over music wont od be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened

file: 4831-18525-0001.flac
expected: and you'll go on drawing and painting until you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the louvre maybe the louvre cried adela o dear me polly pepper
	layer_2: and yol go on jaing and painting tl you g et to be a great artestran on poly an thisiastaaly and then will see something yo've done in the lofe mayby the love criete dalla oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_4: and yo'l go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on poly anthusiastically and then will see something yo've done in the loove maybe the love cride deala oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_6: and you'll go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the loof maybe the love criedadela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_8: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done an the loof maybe the loov cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_10: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_12: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper

file: 4831-18525-0002.flac
expected: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_2: tome sell whon had been very sover during all tis marria chatder and now in his set a cross the naraw ile he drumed his heels andpatient ly on the flor
	layer_4: tome sel wene had been very sovereduring al this marrye chatter and now in his seat across the narrow ysle he drumedhis heals itpatiently on the floor
	layer_6: tom sellone had been very sover during all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow isle he dremmed his heels imdpatiently on the floor
	layer_8: tom selwin had been very sover during all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_10: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this marry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_12: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this marry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor

file: 4831-18525-0003.flac
expected: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's just this tom
	layer_2: what s up little mother aske tome in suepris at hern usual manner it is this tom
	layer_4: what's uplittle mother asked tom in suprise at her anusual manner it sis this tom
	layer_6: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it' sifs this tom
	layer_8: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner its tis this tom
	layer_10: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's sis this tom
	layer_12: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's sis this tom

file: 4831-18525-0004.flac
expected: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_2: when the newsewas cerculadet as it was prety sone that the party was not to be brokan into it all tl paras was icompleteit story the gubllation wats suchius to satisfi even tom
	layer_4: when the newswas circulatet as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be brook en into it all til paris was ta completed story the jublation was such us to satisfy even tome
	layer_6: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was tha completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_8: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_10: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_12: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom

file: 4831-18525-0005.flac
expected: oh isn't it oats peas beans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_2: i istn it oats puse beans and barly grow cri poly as they watche d the intently
	layer_4: oh isn' at oats puse beans an barly gro cried poly as they watched them montently
	layer_6: oh isn't it oates peasbeans and barleygro cried polly as they watched them ontently
	layer_8: oh isn't it oates peasbeans and barley gro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_10: oh isn't it oats peasbeans and barley gril cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_12: oh isn't it oates peasbeans and barley grill cried polly as they watched them intently

file: 4831-18525-0006.flac
expected: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_2: and his long oarm whentenowt and pickd ta jack andend of an ercun whot incoiously regarding such quietravelrs as nowt warth miding had hoaver tonyear il tring to tease the girls
	layer_4: and his long arm wen ouwat and picked to jackadend of an urchan who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers this not worth minding had hovher ton ear wil trying to teas the girls
	layer_6: and his long arm went out and pickd to jacadend of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers thas not worth minding had hovered ton year wile trying to tease the girls
	layer_8: and his long arm went out and picked ta jack ad end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered to near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_10: and his long arm went out and picked a jackadend of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_12: and his long arm went out and picked a jackedend of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls

file: 4831-18525-0007.flac
expected: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_2: and presently a women came en sook little blupen a foure off and then the rest eof the girols ut  clastpd their hands an the ring melt ed away in the game was ouver
	layer_4: and presently a woman came and took little bloup in afore off and then the rest of the girls uden clasped their hands and the ring melted away in the game was over
	layer_6: and presently a woman came and took little blue pin aforoff and then the rest of the girls udenclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_8: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinnafor off and then the rest of the girls udenclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_10: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls un clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_12: and presently a woman came and took a little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls n clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over

file: 4831-18525-0008.flac
expected: i'm glad the girls over here have fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_2: im glad the girls over her have fun sait poally as grampepn his party moved ofh is in' itnice to think thi do
	layer_4: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as granpapo in his party moved off is n't it nice to think the o
	layer_6: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa in his party moved off isn't a nice to think they do
	layer_8: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_10: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_12: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do

file: 4831-18525-0009.flac
expected: two or three days of rest at martigny put everybody in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_2: to wor thre days of reset at mart ne put iveryone in tood shape and gaive them oll a but of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_4: two or three days of rest at martiney put everyone in bood shape and gave the olla bit of time to pick up on many little things that were  behind hand
	layer_6: two or three days of rest at martiny put everyone in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_8: two or three days of rest at martny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_10: two or three days of rest at martiny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_12: two or three days of rest at martiny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand

file: 4831-18525-0010.flac
expected: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i am going to begin on joel's
	layer_2: that's my third lett er poly andnountes jasper on the other sit f he table nown going to begin unjols
	layer_4: that's my third letter poly announcsd jastper on the other side of the table now an going to began unjeels
	layer_6: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now am going to begin unjols
	layer_8: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now 'm going to begin on joels
	layer_10: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles
	layer_12: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles

file: 4831-18525-0011.flac
expected: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished jasper
	layer_2: one too said poly coaunning why r thought id writen three whal this won his most finishe esper
	layer_4: one too said polycounting why  thought id written three whal this hone is must finishe desper
	layer_6: one two said pollycountning why i thought i'd written three whall this one is most finish desper
	layer_8: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper
	layer_10: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper
	layer_12: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper

file: 4831-18525-0012.flac
expected: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_2: dar said toeme te lide to thik that no terrabowrds ult had rallian sid from his words that after they wereout had scare him migdtily
	layer_4: dare said tome delide to think that no terribleerds alt had reallyanceed from his words that after they were out had scared him mighttly
	layer_6: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible resault had really encsued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_8: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_10: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_12: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily

file: 4831-18525-0013.flac
expected: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_2: il poset ora topoley give them her
	layer_4: i'll post ou our too poly give them here
	layer_6: ill post yor too polly give them here
	layer_8: i'll post your two polye give them here
	layer_10: i'll post your two poly give them here
	layer_12: i'll post your two poly give them here

file: 4831-18525-0014.flac
expected: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a franc out of joel's little money bag that hung at her belt
	layer_2: then is face brightened and he said and she sright poly whal polly fishdt frang out of jhels lit l money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_4: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly whil poly fishedofrank out of jels little money bagged that hung in her belt
	layer_6: then is face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jels little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_8: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jol's little money bage that hung in her belt
	layer_10: then his face brightened and he said an she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jowl's little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_12: then his face brightened and he said an she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jowl's little money bag that hung in her belt

file: 4831-18525-0015.flac
expected: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on as he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_2: dogit the stampse please jasper imd put themon andhe took apher two letters and she gave the ba g a little pat for jl sake wishing it was his stobve black haire that ter fingers coutouch
	layer_4: do g et the stampsd please jasper ind put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for gel sake wishing it was his stuby black hair that her fingers cad touch
	layer_6: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jolsake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers coud touch
	layer_8: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jole's ake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_10: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jowl's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_12: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jowl's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch

file: 4831-18525-0016.flac
expected: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for our round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_2: i don' now wer we are goingd to gint iswit paper fore  round roben said polly leaning her al p os on the table ind her chin in her hands i know a jaculated tim whereling on has hel and dashing o
	layer_4: i don't now were we are going to get nice waite paper for a round robind said poly leaning her elboes on the table and her chin in her hands i know a jaculated tom worling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_6: i don't now whe're we are going to get nice wit paper for around robin said polly leaning her elbless on the table and her chin in her hands i know edjaculated tom wirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_8: i don't know where we are going to get nice wite paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_10: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_12: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out

file: 4831-18525-0017.flac
expected: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_2: i what polly too said fronsy rigling atwayfrom the end that polly howd ot aleuringly
	layer_4: i want polly too said frozy riggling away from the pen that poly how d out alearingly
	layer_6: i want polly too said phronzie wriggling away from the pen that polly howd out aluringly
	layer_8: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly heled out alluringly
	layer_10: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_12: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly

file: 4831-18525-0018.flac
expected: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_2: fromsy who haden't heard wout poly sad her small had being full of the rsfonmsibility of beginning the inportan lettter and could sidering sin seit was to be don it was bles to have it over with his soin as posiple fhelt a scrivlingtha letters as fases she cud allf em orunning down hil
	layer_4: fromzy who hadn't heard what poly said her small had being full of the resposibility of beginning the importan letter and coulnsidering since it was to be done it was blest to have it over with as soon as possible feltas cribling he letters tas fastas she could all tem running down hill
	layer_6: phromzie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt ascribbling the letters as fast as she could all them running downhill
	layer_8: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt ascribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running downhill
	layer_10: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt a scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_12: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt a scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill

file: 4831-18525-0019.flac
expected: it's all right granddaddy'll like it he said
	layer_2: it'solright grand a the al lielt he said
	layer_4: it's al right granedateo like at he said
	layer_6: it's all right grand adieel like id he said
	layer_8: it's all right grand adeel like it he said
	layer_10: it's all right grin diadiel like it he said
	layer_12: it's all right grin diadiel like it he said

file: 4831-18525-0020.flac
expected: i tell you you don't know my granddaddy he's got lots of fun in him he added
	layer_2: i tel eyou ou don't know my gran dady he's cal lot to fon in him he adt it
	layer_4: i tell hy you don't knowt my grand dady he's cat lot to funtin him he ad it
	layer_6: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's caugt lot to fundin him he ad et
	layer_8: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's gaught lot to fun in him he added
	layer_10: i tell yeu you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lot of fun in him he added
	layer_12: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lot of fun in him he added

file: 4831-18525-0021.flac
expected: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_2: i win't crit any more to clared fronsy wi ping off the last eer trailing down her knows
	layer_4: i won't cry any more toclared froncy wiping off the last hear trailing down her nos
	layer_6: i won't cry any more declared fronzie wiping off the last ter trailing down her nose
	layer_8: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_10: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_12: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose

file: 4831-18525-0022.flac
expected: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_2: then i shall be allas well as ever said poly kisting the wat lilttleface
	layer_4: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the what little face
	layer_6: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_8: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_10: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_12: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face

file: 4831-18525-0023.flac
expected: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_2: we must fon en whettle pictures thaid poly trind ho makeherself chery as the workq uone vusnlion
	layer_4: we must put in wettle picture sad polly tryin to make erself chery as the work on viszlyon
	layer_6: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheerry as the work wone bisily on
	layer_8: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went visily on
	layer_10: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_12: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on

file: 4831-18525-0024.flac
expected: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_2: pol you always dou think of the best things ucclame jasper beaming an her which matter tri hardte tha n ever to smile
	layer_4: polly you always do think of the best things secclaime jasper beaming at her which made her try hardo than ever to smile
	layer_6: poly you always do think of the best things exclaime jasper beaming an her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_8: polly yo always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_10: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_12: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile

file: 4831-18525-0025.flac
expected: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gingerbread boy
	layer_2: i wouldn' feel e obatly polly he minighe to a sperhne frondsy was a sore with ther work hell it cudprolbe just is fathe did tha gh inchred boy
	layer_4: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to asper wone fronsy was absorbd with her work hell lik yould probly just as father did the ginchread boy
	layer_6: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when fhronzi was absorbed with her work he'l like youtd probably just as father did the gingherbread boy
	layer_8: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'l like it probably just as father did the gingherbread boy
	layer_10: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gincherbread boy
	layer_12: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gincherbread boy

file: 4831-18525-0026.flac
expected: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily halloo just look at him now
	layer_2: he semd so a complirsh something every tim e gose ob serve jasper drily hlou ju slik at im now
	layer_4: he seems so accomplish something every time e goes observe jasper drily a'llo just liok an him now
	layer_6: he seems to accomplished something every time we goes observe jasperd dryly allo just look it him now
	layer_8: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily hello just look at him now
	layer_10: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily hallo just look at him now
	layer_12: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily hallo just look at him now

file: 4831-18525-0027.flac
expected: o dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_2: o'ht dyeaur me exclaime to deala as her sciys ar slipt now yove jok o the taple again then she cutp polliys i
	layer_4: oh dear me exclaimed to dala as her cis or slipped nowt ou've jok oe the taple again then she caught polly's i
	layer_6: oh dear me exclaimed to dela as her cissor slipped now you've jakledthe taple again then she caught polly's ie
	layer_8: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissor slipped now you've jokle the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_10: oh dear me exclaimed tadela as her scissor slipped now you've jockled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_12: oh dear me exclaimed tadela as her scissor slipped now you've jockled the table again then she caught polly's eye

file: 4831-18525-0028.flac
expected: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_2: rather not much a bligeed tom bobpedis thingks
	layer_4: rather not much obliced tom bobd his thinks
	layer_6: rather not much obli tom bobbedis thinks
	layer_8: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thinks
	layer_10: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thinks
	layer_12: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thinks

file: 4831-18525-0029.flac
expected: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_2: piture after picture cut frorm ral rodb gid bocks ill strated papers and it seeme to jasper gather as if by majic with counning little fotagrahs brock up the letter and wound din e nowt with funty ind chaiming te tal of some of their jorney
	layer_4: picture after picture cut from rail road gid books ill astrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wouand din an out with funny and cherming detal of some of their journey
	layer_6: picture after picture cut from rail road guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs brooke up the letter and wolndin and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_8: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_10: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_12: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey

file: 4831-18525-0030.flac
expected: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say he'll like that the best of all
	layer_2: the rest of it his nice waspre jesper and eventorld to say that hel lihke that the best of all
	layer_4: the rest ofe it is nice whasper jesper and eventured to say that holl like that the best of all
	layer_6: the rest of it is nice whispered jesper and eventured to say that hol like that the best of all
	layer_8: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say that how like that the best of all
	layer_10: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say that how like that the best of all
	layer_12: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say that hew like that the best of all

file: 4831-18525-0031.flac
expected: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write me a letter sometime
	layer_2: mister king thought so too nly beamed it fronsy so you did he cried no that's fiani wis shou dgrit neal eter sometinde
	layer_4: mister king thought so too any beamed iat fronsy so you did he cried now that's fine a wish you'd rit nea letter sometie
	layer_6: mister king thought so too an he beamed at fhronzsi so you did he cried now that's fine i wash you'd writ nea letter some time
	layer_8: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write ne a letter some time
	layer_10: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write ne a letter some time
	layer_12: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write ne a letter some time

file: 5849-50964-0000.flac
expected: i don't know how to say good by to you nellie told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_2: i don' o have a sa ould biedo hyou mallyu told dorfthy an nenan ex morning
	layer_4: i don't know had o sayk good bide you mely told dorthy an enn ext morning
	layer_6: i don't know how to say good bide you melly told dorothy and an ext morning
	layer_8: i don't know how to say good by to you mellie told dorothy an in next morning
	layer_10: i don't know how to say good bye to you nellie told dorothy inine next morning
	layer_12: i don't know how to say good bye to you nellie told dorothy inin the next morning

file: 5849-50964-0001.flac
expected: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_2: oh that wol be splended declaredinan
	layer_4: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_6: oh that will be splended declared nan
	layer_8: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_10: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_12: oh that will be splendid declared nan

file: 5849-50964-0002.flac
expected: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_2: your quit rich now r you remeantorty
	layer_4: youre quite rig now art you rematorthy
	layer_6: you are quite rich now arent you remankt worothy
	layer_8: you are quite riche now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_10: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_12: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0003.flac
expected: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_2: and dorty went ouppen dao wn the room wlhite the piturs of sindereallas prod sisters
	layer_4: and dorthy went op end dawn the room wike the pictures of cinderellas proud sisters
	layer_6: and dorothy went up and doon the room like the picturs of cynderelas proud sisters
	layer_8: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_10: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_12: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters

file: 5849-50964-0004.flac
expected: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_2: ai we wil be yaun hand thinkk you wioal plied the joking dory
	layer_4: an we will te yon hand thank you wl plied the joking dorthy
	layer_6: and we will be on hand thank you eplied the joking dorthy
	layer_8: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorthy
	layer_10: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_12: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0005.flac
expected: come nellie called missus mc laughlin i am ready where is your hat
	layer_2: come naewly cald missu le gockling im ready where's your hat
	layer_4: come neli calld missus e glocklin iam ready where's your hat
	layer_6: come nellie called missus  glocklan i am ready where 's your hat
	layer_8: come nellie called missus glockland i'm ready where's your hat
	layer_10: come nellie called missusglacklan i'm ready where's your hat
	layer_12: come nellie called missusglacklan i'm ready where's your hat

file: 5849-50964-0006.flac
expected: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him
	layer_2: we might be wile to menage that too nally dtold him
	layer_4: we might be a wile to manage that too nelley told him
	layer_6: we might be able to manage that too knelli told him
	layer_8: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him
	layer_10: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him
	layer_12: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him

file: 5849-50964-0007.flac
expected: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_2: my uncl s a firemen and he con take e s throug ti his engin house
	layer_4: m uncle is a firemen and he can tike a trouwth his engon house
	layer_6: my uncle is a firemen and he can take u throughth his engion house
	layer_8: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engin house
	layer_10: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_12: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house

file: 5849-50964-0008.flac
expected: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_2: most of the my gas inswered brt
	layer_4: most of the y gas insered birt
	layer_6: most of them i ges answered bert
	layer_8: most of them i guesst answered bert
	layer_10: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_12: most of them i guess answered bert

file: 5849-50964-0009.flac
expected: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_2: well we have had a good the cation and im mlolling to go towork gain
	layer_4: well we have had a good the cation and i wolling to go toworkgain
	layer_6: well we have had a good the cation and i'm willing to go to work again
	layer_8: well we have had a good vacation and i'm willing to go to work again
	layer_10: well we have had a good vacation and i'm willing to go to work again
	layer_12: well we have had a good vacation and i'm willing to go to work again

file: 5849-50964-0010.flac
expected: so am i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_2: so  my declarednan becation was just long an a ihte think
	layer_4: so a my declared nan becation was just long an ah ih think
	layer_6: so amy declared nan vecation was just long en o i think
	layer_8: so m i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_10: so am i declared nan vacation was jest long enough i think
	layer_12: so am i declared nan vakation was jest long enough i think

file: 5849-50964-0011.flac
expected: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddie and flossie were busy packing up
	layer_2: mister bob se was down from the city of corse to take the feanle home and now all hands even freaty inplosy were bisy pracing ep
	layer_4: mister bobse was down from the city of course to take the fanly home and now all hands even fredy an plosy were busy pracing ep
	layer_6: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and flosy were busy pracking up
	layer_8: mister bobbsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even fretdy and plossy were busy packing up
	layer_10: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and flosi were busy packing up
	layer_12: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and flosi were busy packing up

file: 5849-50964-0012.flac
expected: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoop the cat
	layer_2: ther we the shells to welooked acter the fishnats besides downy the duk and snetk the cat
	layer_4: there were the shells to we looked after the fishnets besides downie the duck and snut the cat
	layer_6: there were the shells to we looked after the fishnets besides downy the duck and snooped the cat
	layer_8: there were the shells t be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snooke the cat
	layer_10: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets beside downy the duck and snoop the cat
	layer_12: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets beside downy the duck and snoop the cat

file: 5849-50964-0013.flac
expected: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_2: and so ar little friends had spent all their recation
	layer_4: and so ar little friends had spent all their rication
	layer_6: and so our little friends had spent all their recation
	layer_8: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_10: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_12: and so our little friends had spent all their vocation

file: 5849-50873-0000.flac
expected: captain bull the commander of a small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_2: caftaimbul the tomander of e smll gar a sin at saborook permiteve him to lan but when the govern a b gan to rede his commition bul ordered him to be silent
	layer_4: captain bol the comander of ta small garison at sabrooke permitted him to land but when the governa began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_6: captain bull the commander of the small garison at sabroke permitted him to land but when the governo began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_8: captain bul the commander of the small garison at sabrok permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_10: captain bull the commander of the small garrison at sabruk permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_12: captain bull the commander of the small garrison at sabruk permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent

file: 5849-50873-0001.flac
expected: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_2: wheat is happened mister prince wals werth ase for he hould see that the manalw as greatlyekcitered governer anderows has com again gest mmster prince why should that alar mus the fellow though giv in to bosting is not dangerus or liabl tappeted thireats ento execetion but he is grown dad enderus declared mister prince the liberties of the coloniy ar an vold
	layer_4: what is happened mister prince wis worth asked for he could ce that the man was greatly xcited govern or androshas come again guestp mister prince why should that a larmus the fellow though givinto bosting is not dangrous or  liable to putes threts into execution but he his groan daanjeress declared mister prince the liberties of the colinyer anvalved
	layer_6: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could  see that the man was greatly excited governor androse has come again guesp mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he is grown dan geress declared mister prince the liberties of the colony er invalved
	layer_8: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androwse has come again guesped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or lliable to put his threats into execution but he has grown daangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_10: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again guassped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_12: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved

file: 5849-50873-0002.flac
expected: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_2: captaind wads wrof became a little undeansy though he was still in clind to treet the mattter lightly
	layer_4: captain watds werf became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treet the matter lightly
	layer_6: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_8: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_10: captain waddsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_12: captain waddesworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly

file: 5849-50873-0003.flac
expected: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_2: we have stubernli i fhuwsed to yedlare charter vollwintearly fort is the gartynovher politicale brighs
	layer_4: we have stupbern ly ihfused to yeeld ar charter vall unterily forit is the guardy anovher polittical brights
	layer_6: we have stubbornly refuse to ield our charta voluntarily forw it is the guardi anof er political brights
	layer_8: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charder voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights
	layer_10: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights
	layer_12: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights

file: 5849-50873-0004.flac
expected: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viceroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_2: that is tre capin wads weref continedmister prince and to sudeor stover ness this visroy his come to heart ferd wiath sixty ond men to dhe man the surrender of the charder an person
	layer_4: that is truecapain wadsworth contined mister prince and to subdu our stovrenness this visroy has come to heartforrd with sixty arned men to deman the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_6: that is true capainwadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubvournness this visroy has come to heartford with sixty oarned men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_8: that is true captan wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this vicsroy has come to heartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_10: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_12: that is true captain wadesworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viseroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person

file: 5849-50873-0005.flac
expected: captain wadsworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_2: captain was wer vounded to is sfet in a rage and placing has hand on the halt of his sor declared he shau mot haitk
	layer_4: captain wasweit founded to hisfeet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilth of his sword declared he shall not habit
	layer_6: captain waswifh founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_8: captain wasrrf founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilth of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_10: captain wasroth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_12: captain wasroth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it

file: 5849-50873-0006.flac
expected: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engaged in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_2: the day as well my sfendt when he aris and the members werengdeeved in a heted to beat hona subject of the untmost in portnce
	layer_4: the day was well mi spent when he arrivesd and the members were ingdeethed in a heated te bate hon a subject of the auntmost importance
	layer_6: the day was well ni spent when he arrived and the members were indeethed in aheated debate on a subject of the untmost importance
	layer_8: the day was well nice spent when he arrived and the members were engeathed in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_10: the day was well nic spent when he arrived and the members were engeethed in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_12: the day was well nich spent when he arrived and the members were engeethed in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance

file: 5849-50873-0007.flac
expected: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_2: he consemeted how ever to a wayte the descushion wbat he soon s hat was ended he declared that he would haue the thurter
	layer_4: he consented however to await the discussion wbut the soon as that was ended he declared that he would haw the charter
	layer_6: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_8: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_10: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_12: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter

file: 5849-50873-0008.flac
expected: after the captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_2: after that captan had taken toooer thre turnce of cross the room he posedhn ast
	layer_4: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused hen tasked
	layer_6: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused e masked
	layer_8: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_10: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_12: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked

file: 5849-50873-0009.flac
expected: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_2: what is the assmely doint angeegedin the ba
	layer_4: what is the assimily doin and gaged in the pa
	layer_6: what is the assemily doin engaged in debate
	layer_8: what is the assembly doing engaged in depa
	layer_10: what is the assembly doing engaged and debate
	layer_12: what is the assembly doing engaged an debate

file: 5849-50873-0010.flac
expected: and will he wait until it has ended he has promised to do so
	layer_2: and wlilll he waite intillit h ended he has promis to de so
	layer_4: and will he wait until it isended he has promised to deso
	layer_6: and will he wait until it disended he has promised to do so
	layer_8: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_10: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_12: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so

file: 5849-50873-0011.flac
expected: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read there a desperate determination captain he began
	layer_2: mister prince fixtes an nansd eyes on the captains face and read the ar duspeoret totermanaction catain hetgan
	layer_4: mister prince tfixtes a mazed eyes on the caftain's face and read ther despere determination captain hetygan
	layer_6: mister prince fixus amazed eyes on the captain's face and read theire desperate determination captain he degain
	layer_8: mister prince fixed us amazed eyes on the captain's face and read their desperate determination captain he beagan
	layer_10: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read their desperate determination captain he began
	layer_12: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read their desperate determination captain he began

file: 5849-50873-0012.flac
expected: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_2: mister prince bowd and ha slew returne to the houseswer the sembly wasn sesion
	layer_4: mister prince bowd and has slew returned to the house where thessembly was omncession
	layer_6: mister prin's bowed and hatly returne to the house where the assembly was insession
	layer_8: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_10: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_12: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session

file: 5849-50873-0013.flac
expected: as soon as he was gone charles stevens said
	layer_2: at soonase as gon crall stevn said
	layer_4: at soon as he was gone carl stea in said
	layer_6: as soon as he was gone charles stev and said
	layer_8: as soon as he was gone charles stevand said
	layer_10: as soon as he was gone charles stepvhend said
	layer_12: as soon as he was gone charles stevhend said

file: 5849-50873-0014.flac
expected: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_2: yes tralsol answer wut mne numcle
	layer_4: yes tharles ye will answerd wat dhyo mea n uncle
	layer_6: yes charles you will answered wat doyou meaen uncle
	layer_8: yes charleseu will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_10: yes charles ye will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_12: yes charles ye will answer what do you mean uncle

file: 5849-50873-0015.flac
expected: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_2: neverded to baters take grater intrest int e mine subjrect
	layer_4: never did the baters take greater interest in a mino subject
	layer_6: never did the baters take greater intrust in a minor subject
	layer_8: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_10: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_12: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject

file: 5849-50873-0016.flac
expected: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_2: what doeo enten dying uncle will you frigt them
	layer_4: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_6: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_8: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_10: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_12: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them

file: 5849-50873-0017.flac
expected: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor too late
	layer_2: member the worf wes be thon he right at the time mot te soon nor to let
	layer_4: member the worfh ust be ton right at the time motu sou nor to re
	layer_6: member the worth must be done right at the time nottosoo nor to re
	layer_8: member the wort must be done right at the time not too soon nor to red
	layer_10: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor to read
	layer_12: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor to read

file: 5849-50873-0018.flac
expected: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_2: the sunlwas suin and the craptainsaid
	layer_4: the sunwas settring and the capctain said
	layer_6: the sun was settring and the captain said
	layer_8: the sun was settring and the captain said
	layer_10: the sun was settring and the captain said
	layer_12: the sun was setting and the captain said

file: 5849-50873-0019.flac
expected: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_2: com chrals let us hasen to thessembly
	layer_4: com charals let us hastene to theesembly
	layer_6: come chaarles let us hastened to the assembly
	layer_8: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_10: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_12: come charles let us hasten to the assembly

file: 5849-50873-0020.flac
expected: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_2: by no means but i want ye to befully inprasst with theseriousness of oumistion
	layer_4: by no means but i wanty to be fully in pressed with the seriousness of yeur mission
	layer_6: by no means but i want yo to be fully impressed with ta seriousness of your mission
	layer_8: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_10: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_12: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission

file: 5849-50873-0021.flac
expected: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_2: takoer plice trils and be prpaired to de your part whis were captan aeworth
	layer_4: tiker pliance hrls and be prapared to de your part whitsered captain waseworth
	layer_6: take your plase charles and be prepared to de your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_8: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wasworth
	layer_10: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wacsworth
	layer_12: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain watseworth

file: 5849-50873-0022.flac
expected: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries as possible without attracting special attention
	layer_2: chros got as close to the long ta blesedby the secrterios is posibl with out a tracting special attention
	layer_4: cis god as close to the long tat beeused by the secreterious is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_6: chies god is closes to the long tab ble used by the sucretarieus is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_8: charles god is close to the long tabble used by the secretarieus is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_10: charles god is close to the long tale used by the secretaries is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_12: charles god is close to the long table used by the secretaries is possible without attracting special attention

file: 5849-50873-0023.flac
expected: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_2: the discussion went on dhiarknesst kame and for leatyed candle lreplats on the tale in two sed on eself on the wall
	layer_4: the discussion went on dherkness came and forladied candled ere plates on the table in two seit on aself on the wall
	layer_6: the discussion went on darkness came and forelighded candles wereplated on the table in too sed on a shelf on the wall
	layer_8: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_10: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_12: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall

file: 5849-50873-0024.flac
expected: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stationed near them
	layer_2: thos to candles on the wall wher a gred anointc to throls until i sow ancetati aneu them
	layer_4: those two candles on the wall where agreed anointe to chirles until hey sa manstat an ner them
	layer_6: those twho candles on the wall were a greed annoincts to charles until he saw an man stafeian near them
	layer_8: those two candles on the wall were a greet annoints to charles until he saw a man stafion near them
	layer_10: those two candles on the wall were a greaet anoince to charles until he saw man station near them
	layer_12: those two candles on the wall were a great anoyiance to charles until he saw man station near them

file: 5849-50873-0025.flac
expected: though the lights were extinguished through the windows the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_2: though the lights wer exstinguah threugh the window the fainkt starlit dim wley ilo minate the sen
	layer_4: though the lights were extinguishe threw the window the thaint starlit dimily iluminated the scen
	layer_6: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlot dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_8: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlet dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_10: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_12: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene

file: 5849-50873-0026.flac
expected: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_2: he follwed him his rapedleas he could
	layer_4: he followed him his rapidly as he could
	layer_6: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_8: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_10: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_12: he followed him as rapidly as he could

file: 5849-50873-0027.flac
expected: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seized his arm
	layer_2: the ueh was cof elhind him and when they were outsides sused his am
	layer_4: the yoth was quosbehind him and when they were outsides sused his arm
	layer_6: the youth was culofe behind him and when they were outsides suzed his arm
	layer_8: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside sused his arm
	layer_10: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside sused his arm
	layer_12: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside suised his arm

file: 5849-50873-0028.flac
expected: boy have a care how you approach me
	layer_2: bo i fan he cer hol youproat me
	layer_4: ohi fad e ctar herl you protet me
	layer_6: oh i foundi ceare howl youapproace me
	layer_8: oh i found i cere how you approache me
	layer_10: oh i found i cere how you approache me
	layer_12: oh i found i cere how you approache me

file: 5849-50873-0029.flac
expected: the soldiers began to crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bands came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_2: the solders begain the crowtd about the house when atisia lol from tcapting wadswarth tha traime bance kam on the sceen andprepared to grapl with the solsiers
	layer_4: the soldiers begin the crowd about the house when atisignel from captaing wadsworth the tran bance cam on the scen and prepaered to grapl with the soldiers
	layer_6: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from capting wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_8: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_10: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bante came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_12: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bante came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers

file: 5849-50873-0030.flac
expected: where is the charter
	layer_2: weaeristhe charder
	layer_4: wheris hen charter
	layer_6: wheres he charter
	layer_8: where is the chartar
	layer_10: where is the charter
	layer_12: where is the chartar

file: 5849-50873-0031.flac
expected: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_2: you have your soldiers of the door and we hr ve the train bans of connaicat ready to dhe frindes against filence
	layer_4: you have your soldiers of the door and we hear ave the trein bans of caneticate ready to dhe find us against filence
	layer_6: you have your soldiers of the door and we are hvf the train bans of connuticate ready to tefend us against fiolence
	layer_8: you have your soldiers at the door and we hafe the trainedbands of connecticute ready to defend us against violence
	layer_10: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the trained bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_12: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the trained bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence

file: 5849-50873-0032.flac
expected: who of you has the charter
	layer_2: whoofe you hasthe ctarter
	layer_4: woof you has the charter
	layer_6: who of you has the charter
	layer_8: who of you has the charter
	layer_10: who of you has the charter
	layer_12: who of you has the charter

file: 5849-50873-0033.flac
expected: it was the boy cried the enraged governor
	layer_2: it was t he boy cridin rean scoverne
	layer_4: it was the boy cried inran sgoverner
	layer_6: it was the boy crieds inrain's governor
	layer_8: it was the boy cries enrins governor
	layer_10: it was the boy cried inrins governor
	layer_12: it was the boy cried inrin's governor

file: 5849-50873-0034.flac
expected: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_2: a erye member of th asendble sh ook ther heds
	layer_4: ev erymember of the sebly shook their heads
	layer_6: everymember of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_8: every member of the ssembly shook their heads
	layer_10: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_12: every member of the assembly shook their heads

file: 5849-50873-0035.flac
expected: we do not know him he does not live in connecticut where does he live
	layer_2: we dou not now hiem he does not living ton haet acgit wheret a he live
	layer_4: we do not know him he does not living to hetik at were tes fhe live
	layer_6: we do not know him he does not living to netticete where does she live
	layer_8: we do not know him he does not living tonattiket where does he live
	layer_10: we do not know him he does not living tenariqet where does he live
	layer_12: we do not know him he does not living tenariquet where does he live

file: 5849-50873-0036.flac
expected: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_2: little ded the captain ors yeu fusesten drin thit their siple act would make the old tree his stort
	layer_4: little did the captain or as uthfulosistant dran that their simple act would make the old tree his storict
	layer_6: little did the captain or as uthful asistant drem that their simple oct would make the old tree historic
	layer_8: little did the captain or his yousthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_10: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_12: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic

file: 5849-50873-0037.flac
expected: the tree in which the document was hidden was ever afterward known as the charter oak
	layer_2: the treen which the doneat was hitin was ever afterwers non as charter oak
	layer_4: the trean which the doftimneat was hitting was ever aftherwaers nownis tharter oak
	layer_6: the tree in which the dofineat was hitting was ever afterwards knon ast charter oak
	layer_8: the tree in which the dophnit was hitteng was ever afterwards known ast chard or oak
	layer_10: the tree in which the dophanit was hitting was ever afterwards known as chartor oak
	layer_12: the tree in which the dophanit was hitting was ever afterwards known as charter oak

file: 5849-50873-0038.flac
expected: it remained vigorous bearing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_2: it remand the geras spearing rut every year undtittle a little aftri mid nighe allgis eghteentifty sixs when it was prostre ted by  hoty storm of wend
	layer_4: it remained the grus paring cruit every year untitdle a little aftermidnightn august eighteen fifty fix when it was prostreted by a hay storm of wind
	layer_6: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year untittle a little after midnightn august eighteen fifty tix when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_8: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year until a little after midnightn august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_10: it remained the grisz spearing fruit every year until a little after midnightin august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_12: it remained the grize spearing fruit every year until a little after midnight in august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind

file: 5849-50873-0039.flac
expected: when the order for the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_2: when the order from thes setur of the cturtefs wats first made known yousembily ror islan sent an most loayle agats to the king saneg
	layer_4: when the order from the seture of the cthurties wihs first made known ye sembli  rorisland sent amost loyl adgets to the king saying
	layer_6: when the order from the sesure of the chartis which first made known essembly rode islane sent a most loyal adjocts to the king saying
	layer_8: when the order from thi sigure of the charcirs which first made known the assembly rode islands sent a most loyal adjects to the king saying
	layer_10: when he order from the siegure of th charters was first made known the assembly of rode island sent a most loyal addes to the king saying
	layer_12: whene order from the siegure of he charters was first made known the assembly of rode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying

file: 5849-50873-0040.flac
expected: he formally dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the functions of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_2: he formaly thesolve thes sembly brok the ceal of the caloni whih bor the figuer of an antor and  the word hop and manted fiven he inhaetence intohus leto slayhtoef counsil and the soom the functiun of governer but he did not take away the parchumen un which the tarter was riten
	layer_4: he formarly dhisolve theassembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anxqor and th the word hope and minted fivanthe inhaeitence into his lidislatof council and hes soumd the function of governer but he did not take away the parchment unwhich the tharter was written
	layer_6: he formerly disolved  the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope andmitted fivein the inhabitants into his latislatie councel and asumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_8: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_10: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_12: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written

file: 5849-50873-0041.flac
expected: from that time until the enforced union of the colonies for mutual defence at the breaking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along the frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_2: from that time until bhe foresonion of the colenin  srmatuald tefencs at the burthing outo the friench in in de in war dheing habitenceof rod islin bor their shair in the defrenc of eords especialy wen the hostal sav ages hungalong their frentuaruce  of newgor likecan ill oment clod
	layer_4: from that time until the for sunion of the colonings frmutual defence atf the birthing out of the french in indian wor theinha bitens of rod islan bor their shar in the deferencs of eforts especially when the hostil savages hung along their frenturus o of nework like an ill oment cloud
	layer_6: from that time until te four sunion of the colonis formutual defence at the birkhing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rod island bor their share in the difference of efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their fronteart o new york like an ill oment cloud
	layer_8: from that time until the fors union of the colonis fror mutual defense at the burkhing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defferenceivfe efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frenc eert  new york like an ill omend cloud
	layer_10: from that time until the fourthed union of the colonies for mutual defense at the berking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the diferencive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their french iers new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_12: from that time until the fourthed union of the colonies for mutual defence at the berking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the deferencive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their french ierso new york like an ill omened cloud

file: 5849-50873-0042.flac
expected: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_2: the histre that coninwelth is he danifid with that of al my inglan from the begining of kingbilliam's war soon affrtthe expltiron of anderos
	layer_4: the hystorye of that commiowealth is ha dentified with that of all newinglan from the beginning of king williams war soon afterd to the expultron of androws
	layer_6: the history of that common wealth is adentified with that of all new england from the beginning of king williams war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_8: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_10: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_12: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros

file: 5849-50963-0000.flac
expected: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_2: a beutifall day had gion out of the driadful storm
	layer_4: a beautiful day had grn out of the dreadful storm
	layer_6: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_8: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_10: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_12: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm

file: 5849-50963-0001.flac
expected: and everybody was so happy
	layer_2: and evervony wiah so happy
	layer_4: and everyboning with so happy
	layer_6: and everybodyn with so happy
	layer_8: and everybody was so happy
	layer_10: and everybody was so happy
	layer_12: and everybody was so happy

file: 5849-50963-0002.flac
expected: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_2: the neptin the tes al thatad struck on the sand par was now sayfly ancereed neur shore and the silars came in an out in roboaths back onforth tilnt just to sey wished
	layer_4: the nepten the vessel that hi struck on the sandfar was now csayflly anchered near shore and the cailar's came in ind out in roboats back inforth to lant just as they wished
	layer_6: the neptin the vessel that had struck on the sandfar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in an out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_8: the nepcine the vessel that had struck on the sand fare was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_10: the neptine the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_12: the neptine the vessel that had struck on the sand bare was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished

file: 5849-50963-0003.flac
expected: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_2: then we had to go boack to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of er cre tokthe fevur
	layer_4: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our cruew took e fever
	layer_6: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_8: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_10: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_12: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever

file: 5849-50963-0004.flac
expected: that was what delayed us so
	layer_2: that was what deledtha so
	layer_4: that was what deleadtha so
	layer_6: that was what doled us so
	layer_8: that was what deledus so
	layer_10: that was what delid us sow
	layer_12: that was what delid us sow

file: 5849-50963-0005.flac
expected: finally we had every log loaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_2: finally we had every lalle gliwy on schooner and we started off
	layer_4: finally we had every wlo glowed on the schooner and we started off
	layer_6: finally we had every low glowded on the schoner and we started off
	layer_8: finally we had every lal gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_10: finally we had every law gloated on the schooner and we started off
	layer_12: finally we had every law gloated on the schooner and we started off

file: 5849-50963-0006.flac
expected: we counted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_2: we can'ted oun gat ing hamless week when tmhiss lat stoo  struck us an drous out of ar corse
	layer_4: we kamnted on getin hamlas weak when this la storm struckus and drovus out of our chourse
	layer_6: we camted on getin homelest week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our choarse
	layer_8: we camtred on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_10: we campted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_12: we canted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course

file: 5849-50963-0007.flac
expected: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_2: about the valou askedmister bobsy who as downd from the city
	layer_4: about the value asked mister bobsy who wis down from he city
	layer_6: about the value asked mister bobbsy who is down from the city
	layer_8: about the value asked mister bobbsey who wis down from the city
	layer_10: about the value asked mister bobbsey who is downe from the city
	layer_12: about the value asked mister bobbsey who is downed from the city

file: 5849-50963-0008.flac
expected: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_2: the valou were peted the caft in the side so t the strangers might not her
	layer_4: the value wrepeated the captain teside so it the strangers might not her
	layer_6: the value wrepeated the captain aside so tat the strangers might not hear
	layer_8: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_10: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_12: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear

file: 5849-50963-0009.flac
expected: well i'm a rich man now and so is my mate mc laughlin for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_2: whil i me rich mi now and so was may met me golcklan for that would lwas contracted fore by e lergust and richoust peano hoerm in tis countre and now itis all but dhelivered to them and the money in or hanse
	layer_4: while im irich man now and so as my mat meglolin for that would was contracted fore by the largeest and riches pianoferm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_6: while i am a rich man now and so as my mate mc glocklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and riches pianoferm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_8: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glocklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest pianofirm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_10: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glachlan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_12: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glaugchlan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands

file: 5849-50963-0010.flac
expected: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accumulate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_2: yesindeed it whoud ivf seaken as alife time to kimlat is much money as we have earnd in the here
	layer_4: yes indeed it woalt have taken es alifetime to  kimlatas much money as we hve earnetd in the her
	layer_6: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a kimg late as much money as we have earned in thes her
	layer_8: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accing late as much money as we have earned in this yeear
	layer_10: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a king late as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_12: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a king late as much money as we have earned in this year

file: 5849-50963-0011.flac
expected: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_2: medthe on emmioly will tak you da n to the citi on her shothing towar sugested nan
	layer_4: methe on emily will take ye da wn to the city on her shopthing towar suggested nan
	layer_6: me the on emily weill take yeou dan to the city on her shoping tour suggested nan
	layer_8: mete aunt emily will take you don to the city on her shopping tur suggested nan
	layer_10: mabe aunt emily will take you daown to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_12: maybe aunt emily will take you dawn to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan

file: 5849-50963-0012.flac
expected: he made the clerks remove all the truck from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_2: he made te clirp om of all the truck rom the yils and i gest everybodyt was glad the armycfalld down
	layer_4: he made beclerched rm ove all the trucks from the iysles and i guets everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_6: she made be clerched from move all the trucks from the isles and i gues everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_8: she made be clerched rom move all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_10: she made me clerkes o ove all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_12: he made me clerks o ove all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down

file: 5849-50963-0013.flac
expected: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_2: the oneoful fresh air that these menlovedin nit inday had breiten theire eyes too so that even the plainest fact and the most ocward man among them was as nimbr as in ahlet from his perfectexercise
	layer_4: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night en day had brightened their eyes too so that even the planest fased and the most awcward man among them was is nimbel as an athlet from his perfect exersise
	layer_6: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightene their eyes too so that even the polainest face and the most awkard man among them was as nimbl as an athlete from his perfect exercised
	layer_8: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_10: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_12: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise

file: 5849-50962-0000.flac
expected: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_2: calledbirt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the waterseidch
	layer_4: called birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sadge
	layer_6: caled bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sedge
	layer_8: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the waters edge
	layer_10: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_12: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge

file: 5849-50962-0001.flac
expected: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minturn and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_2: it's e schoner said mister bing am to mister m inter and she i the very hedy cargo
	layer_4: it's a schooner said mister bing him to mister mintery and she as tha very heety cargo
	layer_6: it's the schooner said mister bingham to mister mintery and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_8: it's ta schooner said mister bingham to mister mintre and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_10: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mintrgh and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_12: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mintrigh and she has a very heavy cargo

file: 5849-50962-0002.flac
expected: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_2: to this cord was fastined a hivyroper ceble
	layer_4: to this cord was fastened a heavy ropeor cable
	layer_6: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_8: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_10: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_12: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cabele

file: 5849-50962-0003.flac
expected: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cable
	layer_2: what's that bord fore askebrt ands she sow bard following the keble
	layer_4: what's that board four askbert and she saw board following the keeble
	layer_6: what's that board for askbert and she saw aboard following the keeble
	layer_8: what's that board for askedbert ands he saw aboard following the cayebele
	layer_10: what's that board for asked bert ans he saw a board following the cabel
	layer_12: what's that board for asked bert ans he saw a board following the cabel

file: 5849-50962-0004.flac
expected: that's the directions said hal
	layer_2: thas the directions sadt how
	layer_4: thats the directions sad how
	layer_6: that's the directions sad how
	layer_8: that's the directions said haw
	layer_10: that's the directions said hawl
	layer_12: that's the directions said hawl

file: 5849-50962-0005.flac
expected: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_2: the ra printed en en umber ovl ing wuges and they tell the cru to carrie the end ef the ciable high up to the mast and fass in its straong ly thear
	layer_4: they aeprinted in enumber of languages and they tell the cruw to carrye the end of the kable high up to the mast and fastin its strongly there
	layer_6: they rapprinted in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastened its strongly there
	layer_8: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_10: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_12: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there

file: 5849-50962-0006.flac
expected: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches buoy will go out on a pulley
	layer_2: oh i se said bert the lang will stretched then and the briaches vuy warl goo on a poly
	layer_4: oh i see said bert the line will stretched then and the breches vooi whil go oud on a poly
	layer_6: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches voi will go out on a pole
	layer_8: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches ooi will go out on a poly
	layer_10: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches vuy will go out on a poley
	layer_12: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches vui will go out on a poley

file: 5849-50962-0007.flac
expected: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_2: it was clear day ow and much of the wicild storm ad past
	layer_4: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_6: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_8: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_10: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_12: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed

file: 5849-50962-0008.flac
expected: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_2: wifh he deelig cane girls and wominto the beach
	layer_4: with the delit came girls and wominto the beach
	layer_6: with the daylight came girls and wominto the beach
	layer_8: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_10: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_12: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach

file: 5849-50962-0009.flac
expected: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossie and freddie being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_2: missus bobs ty miss us minterng nawly and her m other besides torthe an nan were all there floy andfready being ablge to stay home with dini and ssen
	layer_4: missus bobsy missus mintering newly and her mother besidesdorththy an nam were all there flocy and frety being oblodged to staye home with dini in susen
	layer_6: missus bobsy missus mintern nerly and her mother besides dtorothy and nan were all there flosy and freddi being obloged to stay home with dyna an susen
	layer_8: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flosy and freddi being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_10: missus bobbsey missus mintern nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_12: missus bobbsey missus mintern nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossye and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan

file: 5849-50962-0010.flac
expected: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and bert and hal tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_2: of course the girls asket all sorts of questions and birtan how trie tot anstwer then mis bes they colud
	layer_4: of course the girls asked all sorts of quetions and birten how tried to answer them is best they could
	layer_6: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_8: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton haw tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_10: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_12: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howe tried to answer them as best they could

file: 5849-50962-0011.flac
expected: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buoy was returning
	layer_2: as seemed ha long time yefor any movement of the cable showed that the boylwas r turning
	layer_4: it seemed tha long time befor any movement of the cable showed that the bui was returning
	layer_6: it seemed he long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buy was returning
	layer_8: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning
	layer_10: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning
	layer_12: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning

file: 5849-50962-0012.flac
expected: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_2: near and nerat cam un till nhowa mancs hud could be seeng
	layer_4: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's had could be seen
	layer_6: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_8: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_10: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_12: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen

file: 5849-50962-0013.flac
expected: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_2: the girls and woman were two fraihtne to talk and now y clun clos to her mother
	layer_4: the girls and woman were two frightened to talk and neliy clung close to her mother
	layer_6: the girls and woman were too frightened to talk and knelliye clung close to her mother
	layer_8: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nelli clung close to her mother
	layer_10: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellye clung close to her mother
	layer_12: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother

file: 5849-50962-0014.flac
expected: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cork belt bounded upon shore
	layer_2: a big greler dashing in finih the work for the lifegards and te man in the courtpult barndid uponsor
	layer_4: a big roler dashing in finished the work for the lifekards and a man in the courtbelt bandid upon sore
	layer_6: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life girds and a man in the courthbelt banded upon shore
	layer_8: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the court belt banded upon shore
	layer_10: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life gards and a man in the court belt banded upon shore
	layer_12: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life gards and a man in the court belt banded upon shore

file: 5849-50962-0015.flac
expected: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_2: everybody gathit around ad knwle with the strangeface and a stranger holpe brokes hreg he cro to se the resked min
	layer_4: everybody gathied around ad knuwly with the strange face and a stranger hope brokes through the crowd to see the reskud men
	layer_6: everybody gathered around ad nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the reskued man
	layer_8: everybody gathered around andnelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the resckued man
	layer_10: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_12: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man

file: 5849-50962-0016.flac
expected: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_2: oh it is my father she screned falling reaight intio the arnce of the drinhetd man
	layer_4: oh it is my father she scremed falling rigt into the arncs of the drenched man
	layer_6: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arts of the drenched man
	layer_8: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_10: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_12: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man

file: 5849-50962-0017.flac
expected: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_2: but the halftrned man rubed his eyes its if fhe could not beliee them then the nextminut he pressed has little daughter t his heart anable to speak l word
	layer_4: but the half drount man rubed his eyes is if he could not beleave them then the next minuce he pressed his little daughter to wis heart an able to speak a word
	layer_6: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_8: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_10: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_12: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word

file: 5849-50962-0018.flac
expected: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_2: and is gorge bing im out there anx iously ake the brother
	layer_4: and is dorge binghimout there anxiously aked the brother
	layer_6: and his george bing im out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_8: and is george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_10: and dis george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_12: and dis george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother

file: 5849-50962-0019.flac
expected: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_2: safe and well kine the lolkom answter
	layer_4: safe and well kind the wucuome anster
	layer_6: safe and well came the welcome manster
	layer_8: safe and well came the welcome anster
	layer_10: safe and well came the welcome manster
	layer_12: safe and well came the welcome manster

file: 5849-50962-0020.flac
expected: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_2: i gess i pars were her ad  lasinet
	layer_4: i guess ir praers were hear dlastenight
	layer_6: i guesse our prayers were heard last night
	layer_8: i guessd our prayers were heard last night
	layer_10: i guessd our prayers were heard last night
	layer_12: i guessd our prayers were heard last night

file: 5849-50962-0021.flac
expected: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_2: her comedinother man exclenme t the people as this time o bignman dashd on sins
	layer_4: here come danother man exclemed the people as this time a bignmian dashed on sans
	layer_6: here come another man exclemed the people as this time a bigman dashed on sans
	layer_8: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a bigman dashed on  sands
	layer_10: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on sands
	layer_12: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on sands

file: 5849-50962-0022.flac
expected: well i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_2: whilel i de clar iwe did eand on a friendly sore
	layer_4: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_6: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_8: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_10: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_12: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore

file: 5849-50962-0023.flac
expected: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and hal's uncle
	layer_2: justas mister bing him seid the li saving work turned out to be a social of feire for there as a great time greting nely sfawther and holus uncle
	layer_4: just as mister binghim said the li saving work turned out to be associal affair for there was a great time greting nelly sfather and hous uncle
	layer_6: just as mister bingham said the li saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father an house uncle
	layer_8: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father in house uncle
	layer_10: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father an house uncle
	layer_12: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father an house uncle

file: 5849-50962-0024.flac
expected: and hal and his father too put in nan
	layer_2: and howin his father too put in nan
	layer_4: and how an his father two put in tan
	layer_6: and how ond his father too put in nan
	layer_8: and how and his father too put in nan
	layer_10: and how and his father too put in nan
	layer_12: and how and his father too put in nan

file: 5849-50962-0025.flac
expected: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_2: wat a marning that was it sunset begch
	layer_4: what a morning that was it suns at beach
	layer_6: what a morning that was it sense at beach
	layer_8: what a morning that was it sunset beach
	layer_10: what a morning that was its sunset beach
	layer_12: what a mourning that was it sunset beach

file: 5849-50962-0026.flac
expected: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_2: a 'm so g lod wy praited said little flosy o tfready hen i she heared the good nes
	layer_4: i'm so glad we prayd said little flosy to fredy when  she heard the good news
	layer_6: i'm so glad we prayed said little flosy to freddi wennits she heard the good news
	layer_8: i'm so glad we prayed said little flosi to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_10: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_12: i'm so glad we prayed said little flosie to freddie when she heard the good news

file: 2506-13150-0000.flac
expected: pray captain quoth i as i was going down into the cabin is a man never overtaken by death in this passage
	layer_2: fri capton gas i as ia was going down intos a caven it' a mannover ovrtaken by dues and this passtage
	layer_4: pra captain cuse i as i was going down intos a cavin it's a man nover overtaken by des and this passage
	layer_6: pray captain goes i as i was going down into is a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus and this passage
	layer_8: pray captain goze i as i was going down into his a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dush in this passage
	layer_10: pray captain gose i as i was going down into s cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage
	layer_12: pray captain gose i as i was going down intois cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage

file: 2506-13150-0001.flac
expected: why there is not time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed lyar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_2: r ther's not imd fot a ant to be sicun it repliety at a cursd lia for i am sick as a holse gus i alreaty wor ta brayn ubsie down ha day
	layer_4: wy there's not ime for o mand to be sickin it repliety what a cursetlia for i am sick as a hose qus i alreaty whor ta brain asite down hay day
	layer_6: why there's not time for a man to be sickin it repliet y what a cursed liar for i am sick as a halse quozi already what a brain ubsite down hay day
	layer_8: why there's no time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a hose quos i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_10: why there's no time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quoths i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_12: why there's no time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quoths i already what a brain upside down hey day

file: 2506-13150-0002.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: sik sik
	layer_4: sik sak
	layer_6: sik sak
	layer_8: sik sik
	layer_10: sic sik
	layer_12: sic sic

file: 2506-13150-0003.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: sacksik
	layer_4: sak sick
	layer_6: sac sicc
	layer_8: sick sick
	layer_10: sik sick
	layer_12: sek sik

file: 2506-13150-0004.flac
expected: when shall we get to land
	layer_2: one shall be get o loand
	layer_4: one shall be get a land
	layer_6: one shall be get a land
	layer_8: one shall we get a land
	layer_10: wene shall we get a land
	layer_12: wen shall we get a land

file: 2506-13150-0005.flac
expected: the wind chopp'd about
	layer_2: the wen copedt about
	layer_4: anthe wenchoped about
	layer_6: an the win chopped about
	layer_8: and the wind chopped about
	layer_10: and the wind chopked about
	layer_12: and the wind chopked about

file: 2506-13150-0006.flac
expected: s'death then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_2: s dat the i sh al met him fuld in the face
	layer_4: sdesh than i shall meet him fld im the face
	layer_6: zdeath then i shall meet him fool in the face
	layer_8: sdeath then i shall meet him full ino the face
	layer_10: s death then i shall meet him full ino the face
	layer_12: s death then i shall meet him full into the face

file: 2506-13150-0007.flac
expected: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashore
	layer_2: captaon coecshe for heavefa' sayke let as getas su
	layer_4: captain co she for havvid sake let us get tis sore
	layer_6: captain qo she for hefar' zake let us get ashore
	layer_8: captain quoshe for heaferd'sake let us get ashoe
	layer_10: captain quoth she for heafard's sake let us get ashore
	layer_12: captain quoth she for heafard's sake let us get ashore

file: 2506-13150-0008.flac
expected: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_2: was no di mucriters whore laeten times maresan ie tawn clarg of abdearo
	layer_4: was not de makretus whou laughe ten times mor san i tane clerg of abdera
	layer_6: was not democratus who laughe ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_8: was not democratus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdira
	layer_10: was not democratus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_12: was not democratus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera

file: 2506-13150-0009.flac
expected: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_2: nay ife yoe durned blliyve me you may reds the chuptrfor your pains
	layer_4: nay ive you durn'ed belie ve me you may reads the chaptir for your pains
	layer_6: nay if you don' t believe me you may reads the chapter for your pains
	layer_8: nay if you don't believe me you may read thi chapter for your pains
	layer_10: nay if you don't believe me you may reads this chapter for your pains
	layer_12: nay if you don't believe me you may reads this chapter for your pains

file: 2506-11267-0000.flac
expected: i see shoals of them depart not perhaps without an innate longing too to quit the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_2: i sees shows of tome depard e not berhaps oes ourd an a nade longing to to kret the iol and delong riers ha bis nobs
	layer_4: i sees sares of them depard  not perhaps oes oudan anad longing too to gret the islant along withers hap his nobs
	layer_6: i see surs of them depard not perhaps was out an a ad longing too to gret the island along wit tes hap hys knobs
	layer_8: i see shars of them depart not perhaps wasout an en ade longing too to get the island along with thois happy sknobs
	layer_10: i see shares of them depart not perhaps wathout an an aide longing too to get the island along with those happy sknobs
	layer_12: i see shawes of them depart not perhaps wathout an an aide longing too to get the island along with those happy sknobs

file: 2506-11267-0001.flac
expected: farewell dear friends i say you little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and brother
	layer_2: faae well dyou friens i say noeu litterno that y endividoua who recards you from the begh is your friend and is toryo rifer and proser
	layer_4: fa ra will d you friends i say knew litterenow that he indi viduar who regards you from the beagh is your friend and his to reurifer and prozer
	layer_6: farewell dyeu friends i say knew littleknow that he individual who regards you from the beaech is your friend and historioqrapher and proser
	layer_8: farewell deu friends i say knew little no that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historeographer and prozer
	layer_10: farewell do friends i say knew little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and prozer
	layer_12: farewell do friends i say knew little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and prozer

file: 2506-11267-0002.flac
expected: i went to day to see our excellent friend snooks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching forth in their pride and bravery
	layer_2: i wento day to see areccland ven snoks on bort the queen of ae frienage many scause a snobs was air on the deck of set findship marching foce in their prid and rafry
	layer_4: i went to day to see aurexcellent vent snoks on board the queen of the frienche many schause a snops warhs air on the dack of sat finedship marching force in their prid ant brafray
	layer_6: i went to day to see our excellent vent snoks on board the queen of the french many scolse snops weres hr on the deck of shat fineship marching force in their pride and brayfry
	layer_8: i went to day to see our excellent vent snogs on board the queen of the french many scores o snops were ther on the deck of tat fineship marching farths in their pride and braferey
	layer_10: i went to day to see our excellent vent snoks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of tat fineship marching farts in their pride and bravery
	layer_12: i went to day to see our excellent vent snogs on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fineship marching farths in their pride and braverey

file: 2506-11267-0003.flac
expected: they will be at ostend in four hours they will inundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_2: they well be ad ostendint forrours they weile in undayte the contin andt next wek they berccarrianto far lans the finmus emage of the prittish snop
	layer_4: they will be at ostant int four hours they will enundate the continent nextweeak they wear caryen to far lans the famous emage of the british snop
	layer_6: they will be at astant ind four hours they will inundate the continent next tweek they ware cary anto far lands the famous emage of the british snop
	layer_8: they will be at astend in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_10: they will be at ostentin four hours they will enundated the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_12: they will be at austentin four hours they will enundated the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop

file: 2506-11267-0004.flac
expected: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagna of rome and have heard their oaths and their well known slang in the galleries of the vatican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_2: i have seemn snobes in pin codes and tunting bootes scaring oveis to companiy of rome and hrf herd as theirods hm theire belne n slaing and the gaerese of the vatican and to undered the shedery arcues of te colacsem
	layer_4: i have seened snobs in pincoads and hunpting bootds scowering oves a company of rome and have heart as their roades hen their well known slaying an the gateries of the vagican and to undered the shadewy archers of the colusim
	layer_6: i have seen snobs in pincoads and hunting boots scouring overis a compani of rome and have heard as their roades and theire well know n slang in the galleries of the vagican and to under the shadowy arches of the colosim
	layer_8: i have seen snobs in pink coates and hunting boots scouring overs a campaniy of rome and have heard a their roads and ther well known slang in the galleries of the vagican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_10: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over tha campani of roame and have heard a their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the bagican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_12: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over the campani of rome and have heard a their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the bagican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum

file: 2506-11267-0005.flac
expected: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_2: my ladymarchiness comeson bord looks round wit said happye airr of mingl terer and teparetinencse which dis tinguishes her ladishop and recies to her carrage for it is impossible that she should minger wis thy othe smnobsom dak
	layer_4: my lady marchiness comes on bord looks round wih said happy air of mingle terror and epertinance which thistinguishes her ladyship and racious to her carriage for it is impossible  that she should mingle with the other snobsom dack
	layer_6: my lady marciness comes on board looks round wit sat happy air of mingle terror and ipertinance which distinguishes her ladyship and rusies to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_8: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with satd happy air of mingle terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_10: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_12: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck

file: 2506-11267-0006.flac
expected: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_2: ther she sats and will be elempriverd
	layer_4: there she saids and will be ill emprivored
	layer_6: there she sids and will be illimprivarde
	layer_8: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_10: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_12: there she sits and will be ill in private

file: 2506-11267-0007.flac
expected: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's heart
	layer_2: thi s trober leas on her charit phannels are en grat on her lady ships hard
	layer_4: thi strobrarylee on her chariad pannes aure engrate on her lady ship's heard
	layer_6: this strobrarelieaves on her chariot pannels aure en graed on her ladyship's hard
	layer_8: this trawberareliefs on her chariot panels are engraed on her ladyship's heard
	layer_10: the strawbery reliefs on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's hart
	layer_12: the strawberry reliefs on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's heart

file: 2506-11267-0008.flac
expected: and davis you'd best take the pistol case into the cabin
	layer_2: and dev as you'd bustake the pisocas ont ois caven
	layer_4: and deve as you'ad bustake the picicase into hithe cavin
	layer_6: and dav as you'ad bust take the pistlcae into hiscavin
	layer_8: and davas you had best take the pistl case into his cabin
	layer_10: and davas you 'd best take the pistol case into his cabin
	layer_12: and davas you'd best take the pistol case into his cabin

file: 2506-11267-0009.flac
expected: look at honest nathan houndsditch and his lady and their little son
	layer_2: looka  anmhest net in hand stich an his lady and their lit a som
	layer_4: look et holmist nacein hand sditch an his lady and ther little sun
	layer_6: look at honmest nacin handstitch an his lady i'm their little son
	layer_8: look at honest nacin hands titch and his lady amd their little son
	layer_10: look at honest nacon hanstitch and his lady and their little son
	layer_12: look at honest nacon hanstitch and his lady and their little son

file: 2506-11267-0010.flac
expected: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_2: hat a neoble er of bleasing contentment iluminade tho feeuers ol tho snobs of eastan rase
	layer_4: what a noble ar of bleazing contentment iluminate to features ae those snops of easten rase
	layer_6: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminate the features of those snops of eastern rase
	layer_8: what a noble air of blazing contentment iluminates the features of those snops of eastern race
	layer_10: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snops of eastern race
	layer_12: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snops of eastern race

file: 2506-11267-0011.flac
expected: what a toilette houndsditch's is
	layer_2: what har twonl a t hoauns dic heses
	layer_4: what e twene at houns dichesas
	layer_6: want the twonelat hounds ditches is
	layer_8: want the toinnat hond's ditches is
	layer_10: want te toinnad hound's ditches is
	layer_12: want the toinnad hounds ditches is

file: 2506-11267-0012.flac
expected: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_2: yoit will nev hirs parhimself anythepen joymend
	layer_4: out will nevers bar himself anycheep in joy ment
	layer_6: yi will never sbear himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_8: yet will never spar himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_10: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_12: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment

file: 2506-11267-0013.flac
expected: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquely and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_2: i havesad before i like to look at the peoples on their gallardays theres so pictrusscly ant out rageslysplended ant hapby
	layer_4: i have sad before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days theres so pictrusicly and outragously splended andt habby
	layer_6: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days theyre so pictrasically and outa rageously splendid and hapby
	layer_8: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days they ae so picturosically and outerageously splendid and happy
	layer_10: i have said before i like to look at the people's on their galah days they are so pictursqcually and outerageously splendid and happy
	layer_12: i have said before i like to look at the people's on their galah days they are so picturiscually and outerageously splendid and happy

file: 2506-11267-0014.flac
expected: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tight and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snob as any man on board
	layer_2: younther comes kaptaan bolspican span tid and drim whi treavers fer foaor sixmon sever year of his life who oes not comiet himselvf by lucry of ram end or insonencs of demener but i athink es as greati snop as any man on board
	layer_4: yondther ccomes captaand boull speckend span tid and drim whid travlsefor for o six monsevery year of his life who does not comit himself by loxtory of rameent orencolence of demeaner but i a think as as great tis s nompas any man on board
	layer_6: yonder comes captain bull speckand span tid and drim wouthd travels for four or six months evey year of his life who does not commit himself by luxory of raiment or insollence of demeanur but i think as as great dis no ers any man on board
	layer_8: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and drim whoh travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think as as great astno asany man on board
	layer_10: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and drim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanor but i think is as great asnop as any man on board
	layer_12: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and drim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanor but i think is as great as nop as any man on board

file: 2506-11267-0015.flac
expected: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_2: bl pases toseason an lundton sponging for diners and sleeping in a garrad near his clup
	layer_4: ball passes the ceason in lonton sponging for dinnes and tleaping in a carradnea his clup
	layer_6: bull passes the season in lonton sponging for dinners and sleeping in a caurretnear his club
	layer_8: baull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a gurret near his clup
	layer_10: baul passes the season in london spongering for dinners and sleeping in a gurret near his club
	layer_12: baul passes the season in london spongering for dinners and sleeping in a gurret near his club

file: 2506-11267-0016.flac
expected: see he is up to old carabas already i told you he would
	layer_2: se is ap tiold carbas aridy i told o he would
	layer_4: see eis uptold carbas olridy i told ho he would
	layer_6: see he s up told carpbes already i told you he would
	layer_8: see hes up te old carbes already i told you he would
	layer_10: see he's up to old carbas alredy i told yo he would
	layer_12: see he 's up to old carbaz alredy i told you he would

file: 2506-11267-0017.flac
expected: that broad shouldered buck with the great whiskers and the cleaned white kid gloves is mister phelim clancy of poldoodystown he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brogue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or ecarte with him the chances are that you will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_2: that broug taded bok waes egreat wiskirs am the klentwite kid gloes is mister felm clansy of puldudy stown he caluse himself misterd dolon ce he endeversto disginse es nat ive bruk waih a rijest so e position of inglish and if huplay ad tilli ads or ecart with him de chantersar that ho wer won the pers gaing and he the seven o eid games andseing
	layer_4: that broagh chulded book wats a great weskisam the clean twite kit glos i's mister felemn clansy of poldudy stown he caused himself mister do clonse he endeavour s to disguise es native brok with ha richest super position of englishe and af fuplay at biliards or ecart watsh him ded chant hers ar that yhe well win the firs gaing and he the seven or eight games and seing
	layer_6: that broad chalded book was a great whiskers amd the clean twhite kitcluffhs is mister fellom clansy of pall duty town he caused himself mister duclane se he endeavours to disguise his native broke with the richest superposition of english and if yeu play at billiards or ecart with him ded chances ar that he will when the first gang and he the seven or eight games insewing
	layer_8: that broad shouldered book wash the great whiskers an the clean white kitdglohs is mister pellam clency of paldutis down he calls himself mister du clon ce he endeavors to disguise his native brak with the richest superposition of english and if yoe play at billyard's or e cart with him thechances are that he will win the first gan and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_10: that broad shouldered book wath the great whiskers and the clean twhite kid glovhes is mister phelom clansy of paul dutyes down he calls himself mister du clainc he endeavours to disguise his native brak with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyard's or a card with him the chances are that he will win the first gang and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_12: that broad shouldered book wath the great whiskers and the clean twhite kid gloves is mister phelom clansy of paul dutyes down he calls himself mister du clanc he endeavors to disguise his native brak with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyard's or a card with him the chances are that he will win the first gang and he the seven or eight games ensuing

file: 2506-11267-0018.flac
expected: the next person is but hark
	layer_2: the nexparson is i bet hark
	layer_4: the next person is in bet hrk
	layer_6: the next person is un bet hrk
	layer_8: the next person is ibutt hark
	layer_10: the next person is unbet hark
	layer_12: the next person is unbet hark

file: 2506-11278-0000.flac
expected: when a gross instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist call the public attention to that delinquency too
	layer_2: hen  grose instans of snomishness hapens i should not the indicnan ganais caurs a pubic itentientodes a dullning coce to
	layer_4: when a groe instance of snoishness happens i should not the indicgnant gurnaless cals the publi c attention todes tat delling pousy too
	layer_6: when a grosts instance of snomishness happens y should not the indignant jurnalis cause the public attention dutes at delin cu see too
	layer_8: when a gross instance of snoblishness happens y should not the indignant journalist calse the public attention dotes at delincucy too
	layer_10: when a gross instance of snobishness happens why should not the indignant journalist callse the public attention dutes at delincucy too
	layer_12: when a gross instance of snobishness happens why should not the indignant journalist calls the public attention dutes at delincucy too

file: 2506-11278-0001.flac
expected: how for instance could that wonderful case of the earl of mangelwurzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_2: haw for instance could cat ondi fol cate of the arn of mangle vrser anf his broser be exemmin in the snobish point if he
	layer_4: how for instance could sat won drfulcate of the al of mangle perse and his broter be examint in the snopbish point of heuw
	layer_6: how for instance could sat wonderfulcate of the al of mangeleberzel and his broter be examint in the snobbish point of hew
	layer_8: how for instance could sat wonderful cae of the isrl of mangeleburzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_10: how for instance could that wonderful kate of the isl of mangelfertzil and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_12: how for instance could that wonderful cate of the isl of mangelfertzil and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view

file: 2506-11278-0002.flac
expected: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelwurzelshire
	layer_2: all re requy eis thas amanshould be recomeneto has by the erl of mangerensushure
	layer_4: all re requi is thas a man should be recommine to as by the earl of mangl ren seschar
	layer_6: all we requie is thats a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangaransesare
	layer_8: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mengedolcosher
	layer_10: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelvronsoshire
	layer_12: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelvronsoshire

file: 2506-11278-0003.flac
expected: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_2: o you pridif a so blant
	layer_4: o you prid of all snobland
	layer_6: o you pride of all snoblant
	layer_8: ho you pride of all snoland
	layer_10: oa you pride of all snobland
	layer_12: oa you pride of all snobland

file: 2506-11278-0004.flac
expected: o you crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and parasites
	layer_2: a ecraing troklingself comfst laccies andparasies
	layer_4: o ycrueing trockling self confast lackies and paresites
	layer_6: oee crueing truckling self confasst luckis and parasides
	layer_8: orer crueing truckling self confesed luckies and parasites
	layer_10: o crawling truckling self confessed luckis and parasites
	layer_12: oe crawling truckling self confessed luckis and parasites

file: 2506-11278-0005.flac
expected: it was her snobbish sentiment that misled her and made her vanities a prey to the swindling fortune teller
	layer_2: it was es snobise sentiment tut mslet her and to mat ha vanities uprai do i this ondling fortun taler
	layer_4: it was ha snobbish sentiment thugt misslet her and to made ha vanities apraydedi this windling fortune taner
	layer_6: it was her snobbish sentiment thut miss letter and to made he vanityes oprayeddi the swindling fortune taer
	layer_8: it was her snobbish sentiment thught mislett her and to made her vanities aprayedii the swindling fortune taler
	layer_10: it was her snobbish sentiment thought mislet her and made her vanities apre toi the swindling fortune tanler
	layer_12: it was her snobbish sentiment thought mislet her and made her vanities apre to the swindling fortune taller

file: 2506-11278-0006.flac
expected: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting young french lady
	layer_2: howld your cownd for t protiches be nevlens exacis to wl s einto sing in frent lady
	layer_4: how oild your cownt for the protices benevilence execise to wasentersting in french lady
	layer_6: how wo deou account for the proticues benevolence exercise towards intesting in french lady
	layer_8: how wiud you account for the pretigiuous benevolene exercise towards intersting and french lady
	layer_10: how could you account for the protigious benevolence exercise towards the interesting and french lady
	layer_12: how would you account for the protigious beneavolence exercise towards the interesting and french lady

file: 2506-11278-0007.flac
expected: the honest boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_2: the anmes bording hosepieble r a ther feetetwons
	layer_4: the honmos bording housepeble wrhat her feet atwoncs
	layer_6: the honmurs bording house people wreatd her feet at toncs
	layer_8: the honors boarding house people rat her feet at once
	layer_10: the honors boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_12: the honors boarding house people were at her feet at once

file: 2506-11278-0008.flac
expected: good honest simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_2: godt ones sym bel lod loving jildem of s nmoplent
	layer_4: good hones simple lord loving jildem of snopbliand
	layer_6: good honu simple lord loving jildem of snopland
	layer_8: good honour simple lord loving jeldem of snopland
	layer_10: good honor simple lord loving jeldrom of snobland
	layer_12: good honour simple lord loving jeldram of snobland

file: 2506-11278-0009.flac
expected: finally there was the case of the right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_2: finonly therewas ecase of derid onobur mistervern and hat youg
	layer_4: finally there was hoccase of deridte honoube mister vern and that og
	layer_6: finally there was a case of deride honorbe mister vernand tat yrk
	layer_8: finally there was a case of de riht honorabl mister vernond at york
	layer_10: finally there was a case of de riht honorabl mister vernond at york
	layer_12: finally there was a case of de riht honorable mister vernond at york

file: 2506-11278-0010.flac
expected: the right honourable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_2: the reite onorabur was a sun of anobloman and prectist on an of lady
	layer_4: the right honorabe was a son of an obleman and praacticst onunald lady
	layer_6: the right honourable was ta son of a n obleman and prackdised on anolld lady
	layer_8: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_10: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_12: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady

file: 2506-11278-0011.flac
expected: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_2: then he cast hisnets overfamily of father mother anddagters one of him heopoprosed tomary
	layer_4: then he castd his nets over family of father mother and aughters one of him he proprosed to mary
	layer_6: then he cast his nets over afamily o father mother and aughters one of him he proposed to marry
	layer_8: then he cast his nets over a family o father mother and daughters one of hom he proposed to marry
	layer_10: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_12: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry

file: 2506-11278-0012.flac
expected: one day the traitor fled with a teapot and a basketful of cold victuals
	layer_2: one dayvd the drat of plet whith a tee pot and a busked fuol of culd figcrs
	layer_4: one dayed the drat of pload with ateabote and a busket full of coled figtures
	layer_6: one dayed the drat of blat whith a teaoater and a busketfull of cold victures
	layer_8: one date the drate of plat with a teawater and a busketful of cold victures
	layer_10: one date the drate of platt with a teawater and a basket full of cold victures
	layer_12: one date the drate of platt with a teawater and a basketfull of cold victures

file: 2506-11278-0013.flac
expected: it was the right honourable which baited the hook which gorged all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_2: it as a vied onorabe which bated the hook which gor g al these greeady simtle snobes
	layer_4: it as avide onorabl which bated the hook which goge all these greeedy simple snorbes
	layer_6: it was anvite honourable which baded the hook which guge ald these greedy simple snobs
	layer_8: it was invite honorable which batied the hook which gorjer all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_10: it was an rite honourable which bated the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_12: it was a vite honourable which bated the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs

file: 2506-11278-0014.flac
expected: would they have been taken in by a commoner
	layer_2: wa ey have en taken in by comeainer
	layer_4: what tey have been taken in by comona
	layer_6: what they have been taken in by commona
	layer_8: whult they have been taken in by commonac
	layer_10: what they have been taken in by commonate
	layer_12: what they have been taken in by commonate

file: 2506-11278-0015.flac
expected: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_2: a las and an las what mat o man tha speek etris con hepe for such an an lady
	layer_4: alas and alars what motar man tha speaks tetruth can hope for such anan lady
	layer_6: alass and alairs what mortar man the speaks the truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_8: alas and alairs what morta man that speaks the truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_10: alas and alais what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_12: alas and alairs what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady

file: 2506-11278-0016.flac
expected: and yet all these instances of fond and credulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_2: and at al si s insences of fond and crattulas snobirshness ava curd am the same week paper was he kna s how many scor mal
	layer_4: and yeat wallses insences of fond andcratheluss snobishness have o curred an the same weeks paber waits he knos how many scor mo
	layer_6: and yet wallsese incences ofe fond and cratulous snobishness have occurred them the same weeks paber with honkno s how many schorl morl
	layer_8: and yet alothese instances of fond and gradulous snobbishness have occurred them the same weeks paper with whow knows how many school moral
	layer_10: and yet all these instances of fond and cradulous snobbishness have occurred hem the same week s paper with who knows how many school moral
	layer_12: and yet all these instances of fond and cratulous snobbishness have occurred them the same week as paper with who knows how many school moral

file: 2506-11278-0017.flac
expected: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_2: wey aethere y sisters oseventemn to tuente to
	layer_4: we aure thr  sisters rom seventeen to trentetune
	layer_6: we are thre  sisters rom seventeen to trentytobe
	layer_8: we are thre sisters from seventeen to twenty twobe
	layer_10: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_12: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two

file: 2506-11278-0018.flac
expected: we are just the same to persons with a handle to their name as to those without it
	layer_2: we ardjut sar semed to persens or wasa handle to sand amust to sos wats ourtit
	layer_4: we are just a seame to persons for was a handl toh han amust de thos wash out it
	layer_6: we are just the same to person sfor wes ar handle to thenna must do those without it
	layer_8: we are just the same to persons for wise handle to theinem as to those without it
	layer_10: we are just the same to persons who miser handle to tzerneme as to those without it
	layer_12: we are just the same to persons who iter handle to zeneme as to those without it

file: 2506-11278-0019.flac
expected: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hope
	layer_2: if you do i cannatallidd a ae oe ha sanguen disposition and and ortain hil lingring homp
	layer_4: if you do i cannotal  it but iam ove sanguin disposition and antertain the lingering homp
	layer_6: if you do i cannot halp it but i am of a sangruin disposition and entertain he lingering homp
	layer_8: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain the lingering homp
	layer_10: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain the lingering home
	layer_12: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain the lingering home

file: 2506-11278-0020.flac
expected: excuse this scrawl but i always write headlong
	layer_2: excus as grwl butd it always right had long
	layer_4: excurs hes gruew but i always right had long
	layer_6: excurse this gruwel but i always right had long
	layer_8: excuse this gruwel but i always wright headlong
	layer_10: excuse this gruel but i always writ headlong
	layer_12: excuse this gruel but i always writ headlong

file: 2506-11278-0021.flac
expected: we never write on perfumed paper in short i can't help thinking that if you knew us you would not think us snobs
	layer_2: we never riht apofumd to paver in jod i conet up sinking that if hi eas you worud not sing is snopes
	layer_4: we never wright a bpefumd to paver in jord i com'tup sinking that if he neues you would not sink is snops
	layer_6: we never wriht tonprfume to paver in george i can't up shinking that if he knewres you would not sink i snops
	layer_8: we never write on perfume to paver in george i can't hep thinking that if he knew us you would not sink his snops
	layer_10: we never write on perofume to paper in george i can't help thinking that if he knew us you would not sink his snops
	layer_12: we never write on perfume to paper in george i can't help thinking that if he knew us ye would not sink his snops

file: 2506-11278-0022.flac
expected: i shall have a black crape round my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with the richly gilt knob
	layer_2: i shal have a bleccrap rohad my n wite hat an's my usu a ban be cane ur su ritally gild't nove
	layer_4: i shal have a black rabe rad my an white hat and s my oushal an be came i surichually guilds nov
	layer_6: i shall have a black craberad mynd white had and to my usuall bambe came i serichally guilts knov
	layer_8: i shall have a black craperoid my white hat and to my usual bamboo cane bi sir richrly gilt knob
	layer_10: i shall have a black craperad my white hat and to my usual bamboo came bi sir richarly gilt's knob
	layer_12: i shall have a black craperhad my white hat and to myusual bamboo came by sir richarly gilt's knob

file: 2506-11278-0023.flac
expected: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_2: i amseryes ta will be no time to get up mostuchus behd wee now ind next weg
	layer_4: i am ser hy there will be no time to get up mostashus bet weenow an next week
	layer_6: i am sory there will be no time to get up moustaches betwee now and next week
	layer_8: i am sor there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_10: i am surry there will be no time to get up mustaches between now and next week
	layer_12: i am surry there will be no time to get up mustaches between now and next week

file: 2506-11278-0024.flac
expected: from seventeen to two and twenty ye gods what ages
	layer_2: from seventeem i tointrenty yid gots urtages
	layer_4: from seventeem to to intrenty yoe gads ort ages
	layer_6: from seventeem i to intrente you gads fort ages
	layer_8: from seventeen ditu intrente your gard sourt ages
	layer_10: from seventeen ditu intrente your god ort ages
	layer_12: from seventeen did tu intrente your gord ort ages

file: 2506-11278-0025.flac
expected: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_2: da youn creates i can see you al treee
	layer_4: thare young creathes i can see you all three
	layer_6: theare young creatres i can see you all three
	layer_8: dhere young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_10: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_12: dear young creatures i can see you all three

file: 2506-11278-0026.flac
expected: seventeen suits me as nearest my own time of life but mind i don't say two and twenty is too old
	layer_2: sevent insos me as ne ar as my int hime  flife but myt i don't saturn tranty stod
	layer_4: seventhen sus me as near us my unt ime oflife but myh t i don't say turntrentys told
	layer_6: seventeen sus me as nearas my own time of life but might i don't say to n trentys to ald
	layer_8: seventeen sus me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two antwentys to ld
	layer_10: seventeen suts me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two and twenties to old
	layer_12: seventeen suites me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two and twenties too old

file: 2506-11278-0027.flac
expected: no no and that pretty roguish demure middle one
	layer_2: nao na and the frity rokis to mr midder on
	layer_4: no no and tha frity rokis te mu middle one
	layer_6: now now am tha fretty rogeis te mere middle one
	layer_8: now no 'm that tretty rogue is the mure middle one
	layer_10: now no 'm tha pretty rogue is de mure middle one
	layer_12: now no i'm that pretty rogue is de mure middle one

file: 2506-11278-0028.flac
expected: peace peace thou silly little fluttering heart
	layer_2: pese pese thar cilly lissrf fluttering hard
	layer_4: pese pease their cilly listof fluttering hart
	layer_6: peas pease their silly listle fluttering heart
	layer_8: pase peace their silly litle fluttering heart
	layer_10: pease peace their silly litle fluttering heart
	layer_12: pease peace their silly little fluttering heart

file: 2506-11278-0029.flac
expected: you snobs dear young ladies
	layer_2: yo snorbstyoungladis
	layer_4: you snoubsty young ladies
	layer_6: you snobsty young ladies
	layer_8: you snobs the young ladies
	layer_10: you snobs the young ladies
	layer_12: you snobs the young ladies

file: 2506-11278-0030.flac
expected: i will pull any man's nose who says so
	layer_2: i will pog any man's nowcso cesso
	layer_4: i will poo any men's no su seys so
	layer_6: i wil por any man's know susess so
	layer_8: i will plour any man's know suses so
	layer_10: i will ppal any man's no su sass so
	layer_12: i will pall any man's no su sass so

file: 2506-11278-0031.flac
expected: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_2: there is now hormeen being of a goot familly
	layer_4: there is no harmo being of a good famly
	layer_6: there is no harmen being of a good family
	layer_8: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_10: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_12: there is no harm in being of a good family

file: 2506-11278-0032.flac
expected: you can't help it poor dears what's in a name
	layer_2: you conme tel pit poadas whats in a mame
	layer_4: you can't te it por its would's in a ame
	layer_6: you can't elpbit poor i dears whatd's in he name
	layer_8: you can't help it poor e dears what's in the name
	layer_10: you can't help it poor dears what's in the name
	layer_12: you can't help it poor dears what's in the name

file: 2506-11278-0033.flac
expected: that very confidence savours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_2: tha t fery comfidin saves of aragans af to be arigant is to be asnoke
	layer_4: that very confident savius of aragans af te be aragant is to be asnob
	layer_6: that very confidente savius of aroganse ae to be errogant is to be a snob
	layer_8: that very confident savius of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_10: that very confident savius of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_12: that very confident savius of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob

file: 2506-11278-0034.flac
expected: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_2: bue da ther kno kinin natues lheg ten the hards he saus humble simplean trus lovhing
	layer_4: but dar theyr kno ciny natures lo tendte heards tho saus humble simbple and trus loving
	layer_6: but dae theyre no kindy natures lotender heardts thoe soul's humble simpole and trus loving
	layer_8: but aret there no kindly natures lotender hearts those souls humble simble and truhe loving
	layer_10: but are there no kindy natures lo tender hearts thos souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_12: but aret there no kindly natures lo tender hearts thos souls humble simple and truth loving

file: 2506-11278-0035.flac
expected: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_2: pondr well on this quesionts widong ladies
	layer_4: pondher well on thisquistion swedyon ladies
	layer_6: pon dhe well on this question swedyoun ladies
	layer_8: pon dthe well on this guestion sweed young ladies
	layer_10: pon dhe well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_12: pon the well on this questiond sweet young ladies

file: 2506-169427-0000.flac
expected: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodical or accidental payments of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive till at length in some evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principal upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations
	layer_2: interes however still ronsnen buscases se phe reordic o exi atar pament of it jus serveing to keep the mamory of the afairv rlife tillat lengs in some mhe eve lower pup comsecrediter uponiage and eby de amnding princeiple up on the spot to gether wais ful an dressto tiver day makesd am both feele the fll extent of theve oblicationts
	layer_4: interes however still run zon im bothcases the periodica or excidant ar pament of it just serving to keep the mamory of the affairverelife till at lings insom  eve lower pop come ecreditor upon eaage andtobyed amanding principle upon the spot to gether wis ful andress to the very day makes hom both feel the full extent of theireoblicationns
	layer_6: interest however still ranzon in both cases the periodica or excident uppayment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affarvory lifve till at length insoe eveil hour pop comes e creditor upon each and bydemanding principle upon the spot together was full inderess to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their roblications
	layer_8: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodica or eccident apayment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairor live till at length in some evil hour pap comes a creditor upon each ando by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interes to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_10: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodicaer or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairr alive till at length in some evil hour pap comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations
	layer_12: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodicar or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive till at length in some evil hour pap comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations

file: 2506-169427-0001.flac
expected: as the reader for i hate your ifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mementos
	layer_2: as e reder for i had yourl rives as a surren nolege of heumanatr i ned not tayme more to setafy him sat my her o cud nogt go ond at this rade is oud some sliht experiens of seasentidento memantos
	layer_4: as a raader for i hade your rives as a surrogknoledge of humanature i need not a more to satify him said my hearo could not go on at this rade ris out some slight experienc of theason adentlo mementoes
	layer_6: as e rader for i hade your rivs has a sorreg knowledge of humanature i need not say more to satify him sait my hero could not go on at this rade without some slight experience of these in cidentl mimantos
	layer_8: as a reader for i hate your rits as a toreogn knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos
	layer_10: as a reader for i hate your rifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos
	layer_12: as a reader for i hate your rifs has a thorougn knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos

file: 2506-169427-0002.flac
expected: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding eugenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted thro any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and a mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be cross'd out in course
	layer_2: to speae the drouth he had wantornly invohd himself in a martitute of smar bookdeats of thistanb which not wre sternding ugeniou sas freqente t fice he two much dise regarderd tinking tat as not one of them was contracted frugh any mylignacy but on the condry from an aolnme sty of mind and the merdeoccoundity of humer they wout alno then becrosstountin caus
	layer_4: to speek the truth he had wantenly involfhd himself in a matitute of small book dhads of this s tamb which not wisternding yugenious as frequented fice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted throeug any milignacy but on the condry from an honmesty of mind and tema ocundity of humour they would allnof than becrosstout in case
	layer_6: to speak the truth he had wantenly involved himself in a multitude of small book dtads of this tamp which not wihsteanding eugenious is frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any molignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mare jo cundity of humor they would allo them becross out in cause
	layer_8: to speak the truth he had wantenly involved himself in a multitude of small bookdebds of this sdamp which notwithstanding eurgenius's frequentedvice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jocundity of humour they would allno them be crossed out in cause
	layer_10: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debds of this damp which notwithstanding your genious's frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jocunity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_12: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debds of this damp which notwithstanding your genius's frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jocunity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause

file: 2506-169427-0003.flac
expected: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or other he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost mite
	layer_2: ouin is would neveoer tmeidt this iand t would ofteen tell him tato wone day ar rosar ho would sat inly be recontowis and hil weurlt offearn ad in an axcent of sorro ful apprehanion j ise u ter mosed bit
	layer_4: ugen is would never d mide this and wuld often tell him tha t one day aroser he would settinly be recont wit and he wuld often ad in an accent of sorrowful apprehansion t the uter moset bit
	layer_6: ugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or roter he would certainly be reckonedo with and he would often aid in an accent of sorrow ful apprehension to ithe uttermost bite
	layer_8: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rother he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to ithe uttermost bite
	layer_10: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rother he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to hithe uttermost bighte
	layer_12: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rother he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to hihe uttermost mighte

file: 2506-169427-0004.flac
expected: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_2: what in clind u genus t is assam lpainion was is follows
	layer_4: wat inclind ugenius to is the samopeinion was tas follows
	layer_6: what inclined hugenius to s the same opanion was as follows
	layer_8: what inclined ugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_10: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_12: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows

file: 2506-169427-0005.flac
expected: yorick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed them and never opened them more
	layer_2: your e followge hou jeniss wats as is to te doar his en closet thim and o nefer oprene them more
	layer_4: your yc followede eugenuss was his eys too ha door his en closed them and tonever opene them mon
	layer_6: your ick followed hugenus was dhis eyes too the door hes enclose to them and to never opened them mon
	layer_8: yeurrwick followed eugenius wis his eyes tooth the door he then closed to them and h never opened them mal
	layer_10: yeorwick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed to them and never opened them all
	layer_12: yeorwick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed to them and never opened them all

file: 2506-169427-0006.flac
expected: alas poor yorick
	layer_2: alas poryuric
	layer_4: alas por youric
	layer_6: alas por euric
	layer_8: alas por yuric
	layer_10: alas poor yuric
	layer_12: alas poor yuric

file: 4570-14911-0000.flac
expected: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_2: never the less in general apparance the harior and the foxs ound o veray much a like the one ofious distinction being that of sies
	layer_4: nevertheless in general appearants the harrior and the foxound of very much a like the one obvious distinction being that of sids
	layer_6: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the fox hound of very much alike the one obviou's distinction being that of sizs
	layer_8: nevertheless in general appearance the herrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_10: nevertheless in general appearance the herrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_12: nevertheless in general appearance the herrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size

file: 4570-14911-0001.flac
expected: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_2: if you wagt to hunt or harr ours on foott sixten inces es quite big you nough almost to big to run wit but if you are ridingng to them twening inches as a useful hight cor yeven night tennanchers
	layer_4: if you want to hunt or harrers on foot sixteen inches is quite big yunough almost too bigg o run with but if you are ridingto them twenti inches as a useful higt or even knineteenininteres
	layer_6: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big eunough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches as a useful height or even nineteenn intheres
	layer_8: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches as a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_10: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_12: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches

file: 4570-14911-0002.flac
expected: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_2: it ias us les to liy down iny hard an fashd rwal askto colock it is somuch a matter of individual tast
	layer_4: it s usless to lay down in e hard and fashtd rual as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_6: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast ruale as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_8: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rual as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_10: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast reule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_12: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rel as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste

file: 4570-14911-0003.flac
expected: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be kept and reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_2: but pupies r usely cend out to wak and mtey asly be procared to be captain reard untill their odenough to be iner to their work
	layer_4: but pupiesare usualy sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reard until their old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_6: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reard until ther old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_8: but puppiesare usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until the are old enough to be endered to their work
	layer_10: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_12: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work

file: 4570-14911-0004.flac
expected: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_2: he as of course finer but with thee linkth of neck so perfect in the biger holnd iotlte shoulders of the same pater and the topacol quarters and secon tlaes
	layer_4: he is of course fliner but with the lingth of neck so perfect in the biger hound li little shoulders of the same patter and the tipical quarters and second this
	layer_6: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger holnd he little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies
	layer_8: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thihes
	layer_10: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_12: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs

file: 4570-14911-0005.flac
expected: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_2: and when he is fairly on a line of coursee stic to it as the saying s like a begol
	layer_4: and when he is fairly on a line of corse he sticks to it as the sayng is like a begal
	layer_6: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saing is like a beagle
	layer_8: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_10: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_12: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle

file: 4570-14911-0006.flac
expected: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_2: it is quite possible theirfor that the begl was crossed witch te welh sothern or oter hound to get more sise and power as there cont tly was a welsh rugh couted bel of good eighten incies and in almost hat dentical contimpery that was called the esec beo
	layer_4: it is quite possible theirefore that the begl was crossed with the welsh southern or oterhound to get more sigse and power as there curtainly was a welsh rough coted beagle of good eighteen inches and in almost at dentical contimporary that was called the esect beagle
	layer_6: it is quite possible therefore that the biagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more sigze and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost at dentical contemporary that was called the essecs biagle
	layer_8: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost adentical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_10: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_12: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost i dentical contemporary that was called the essex beagle

file: 4570-14911-0007.flac
expected: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagle association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_2: that a great miny of the tre or were bread became gvery maniacst as son n as the harrior and bigl ousoation was frm and mwore pertocally when a  section of the petr brl hownd show was reservd for thet
	layer_4: that a great many of the true or were bread became very maniphest as son as the harrior andbigal association was form and more particurly when a section of the peter burgh houandshow was reserved for the
	layer_6: that a great manny of the true ordrer were bread became very manifest as soon as the harrier and bigl association was formed and more particuarly when a asection of the peterborogh houndshow was reserved for the
	layer_8: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier an begal association was formed and more particularly when asection of the peterborogh houndshow was reserved for the
	layer_10: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the hairier and begal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for the
	layer_12: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and begal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for the

file: 4570-14911-0008.flac
expected: then they seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_2: then i seeme ospraing ommevery part of the country
	layer_4: then i seemed to sprin ommevry part of the country
	layer_6: then i seemed to spring rom every part of the country
	layer_8: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_10: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_12: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country

file: 4570-14911-0009.flac
expected: one hears now of the chauston the halstead place very noted indeed the hulton the leigh park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus g w hilliard's missus price's and missus turner's
	layer_2: one heares now of the choston they housdtad plase very notrd indeed the halton the le park the stoke place the ed inm birk theh i surbiton dhe tronit y foot the wood day missus u du ya hil ards nisus prices anf missus tarners
	layer_4: one hers now of the chostom the housed ad place very noted indeed the halton the leae park the stoke place the eddenbirk the i surbaton tetrinity foot the wood dal missus edebia hilards issus prices and missus terners
	layer_6: one heares now of the chostom the house had place very noted indeed the halton the lea park the stoke place the edinburg the serbiton thetrinity foot the wooddale missus jedebia hillards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_8: one hears now of the choston the house had place very noted indeed the halton the le park the stoke place the edinburgh the serbaton thetrinity foot the wooddale missus dba hillyards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_10: one hears now of the chaston the houseteaod place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus g hillyards missus price's and missus turners
	layer_12: one hears now of the chaston the housetoad place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus gh hillyards missus price's and missus turners

file: 4570-14911-0010.flac
expected: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_2: iys rownd dar casl or hasl not deepset norbulgy an with i mild expression
	layer_4: iyes broun dark asel or hazl not deep set nor bulgy and with a miled expression
	layer_6: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set norbolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_8: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor  bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_10: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_12: eyes brown dark hazel oar hazel not deep set nor bolgey and with a mild expression

file: 4570-14911-0011.flac
expected: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_2: ears long set on low finintexture and  hanging in agrecteful fold cloas to the cheekk
	layer_4: ears long set on low finintexture and hanging in a graceful fold clos to the cheek
	layer_6: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_8: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_10: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_12: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek

file: 4570-14911-0012.flac
expected: neck moderately long slightly arched the throat showing some dewlap
	layer_2: net motertly long sligly hearchd he throe csowing som do ba
	layer_4: ne moderaelly long slyhly harched the throate showing some dulap
	layer_6: neck moderately long slily arched the throat showing some dulap
	layer_8: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some dula
	layer_10: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some du lap
	layer_12: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some du lap

file: 4570-14911-0013.flac
expected: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_2: sholders cleanm and slightly sloping
	layer_4: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_6: shoulders cleam and slightly sloping
	layer_8: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_10: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_12: shoulders clean and slightly sloping

file: 4570-14911-0014.flac
expected: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_2: for ligs pitc street fwell under the dog af good substince and round in the bome
	layer_4: fourligs qite street fwell under the dog of good substance and round in the bon
	layer_6: four legs quite street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_8: fore legs qwite street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_10: fore legs white street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_12: fore legs white street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone

file: 4570-14911-0015.flac
expected: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_2: fet round well nucle d up ands stronly padet
	layer_4: feet round well nuckled up and strongly padid
	layer_6: feet round well nuckled up and strongly patted
	layer_8: feet round well nuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_10: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_12: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded

file: 4570-14911-0016.flac
expected: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_2: cot smove veriedty smooth very dens and not to fine or short
	layer_4: coat smo variety smoothe bery dence and not two fine or short
	layer_6: coa smooth variety smooth very dince and not too fine or short
	layer_8: coak smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short
	layer_10: coak smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short
	layer_12: coat smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short

file: 4570-14911-0017.flac
expected: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_2: hit not eceeding sixtyn enches
	layer_4: hight not ecceeding sixteen ences
	layer_6: hight not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_8: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_10: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_12: height not exceeding sixteen inches

file: 4570-24733-0000.flac
expected: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_2: all things which follow from the absolutein nature of any atrbeut of god must allwayse exist and be inpenite or in other words ar eact earnel and infinite through the said atrbe
	layer_4: all things which follow from the absoluteen nature of any attribaute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words ar eact hernal and infinite through these said atribute
	layer_6: all things which follow from the absolutein nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words ar etternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_8: all things which follow from the absolute  nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_10: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_12: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute

file: 4570-24733-0001.flac
expected: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_2: prof conceve if it be possibll supposing the proposition to be denide that the something in som atrbeaut of gootcan follow from ty absolut nature of the said atrbe and thatathe same time it is fi night and has a conditiond existance or deration for inssance the idiea of god expresset in the atrbeaut thought
	layer_4: prof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denid that the something in som atribaute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said atribute and that at the same time it is finight and has a conditioned existence or diration for instance the idia of god expressed in the attribaute thought
	layer_6: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that t something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of thes said attribute and that at the same time it is finit and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_8: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_10: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_12: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought

file: 4570-24733-0002.flac
expected: in its nature infinite
	layer_2: in its nature anfinit
	layer_4: in its nature infinit
	layer_6: in its nature infinite
	layer_8: in its nature infinite
	layer_10: in its nature infinite
	layer_12: in its nature infinite

file: 4570-24733-0003.flac
expected: must necessarily exist
	layer_2: mustnecessarily exist
	layer_4: must necessarily exist
	layer_6: mast necessarily exist
	layer_8: must necessarily exist
	layer_10: must necessarily exist
	layer_12: must necessarily exist

file: 4570-24733-0004.flac
expected: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_2: wle have now gratted theirefor thought not consirtutting the idya of god and acqortingly the idia of god dooes not naturally follow fra mts nature inso far as it is absolut thought for itiis coneevede as consituting and also as not costudting the idea of got which is against or hap othicis
	layer_4: wle have now grated therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow for o mits nature inso far as it is absolute thought for ite is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of godt which is against oure hap othesis
	layer_6: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow forom its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it i is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hapothesis
	layer_8: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_10: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_12: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis

file: 4570-24733-0005.flac
expected: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we supposed that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_2: and beon the limits of the diration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to hav existed pfor not to be going to exist thought wouod perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contry to aur hpothicis for we suppos that fought being given the ide of god nes sarly flowede ther from
	layer_4: and beon the limits of the diration of the idea of god supposing the latter at sometime not to have existed ore not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contray to our hopothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of godin es sarly flowed ther from
	layer_6: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed wore not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hapothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god nhessarly flowed there from
	layer_8: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed there from
	layer_10: and beyond the limits of the duraction of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_12: and beyond the limits of the duraction of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom

file: 4570-24733-0006.flac
expected: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_2: baring min that the same proposition may be of fermed of ny thing which in any atrbeaut necessarily follows from gowds absilute nature
	layer_4: bearing mind that the same proposition may be ofirmed of anything which in any atribute necessarily follows from gods absolute nature
	layer_6: bearin mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_8: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_10: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_12: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature

file: 4570-24733-0007.flac
expected: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things essendi rerum
	layer_2: corlery hancit follos that god iis not only the cause of things coming into existance but alsol of theire continuwing in existanc thatiis inscolastic rasyology god is caus of the being of things as sindy reromma
	layer_4: corelary hans it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins collastic phrasiology god is cause of the being of things a cindy rera
	layer_6: corelary hantse it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins colastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as cyndy rerum
	layer_8: corollari hnence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is inscolastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things assindi rerum
	layer_10: corollari hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things ascindi rerum
	layer_12: corollari hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things ascendi rerume

file: 4570-24733-0008.flac
expected: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_2: corelary indi vidul things are nothing but motifications of the atrbauts of god or mods by which the atrbeautes of god ar exprest inay fixd anddefinat manner
	layer_4: corelary individual things are nothing but modifications of the atributes of god or modes by which the atributes of god are expressed ina fixed and definite manner
	layer_6: correlary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_8: corullary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_10: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_12: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner

file: 4570-56594-0000.flac
expected: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_2: sijh oucor sch a time you neveredid sy
	layer_4: sicho cor sich a time you never dieds e
	layer_6: such a cor such a time you never did see
	layer_8: such ae cor such a time you never did see
	layer_10: such a corp such a time you never did see
	layer_12: such a corps such a time you never did see

file: 4570-56594-0001.flac
expected: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiany made a break
	layer_2: owwas wision some bode would give the cond ersation  start wn indianny madea brak
	layer_4: oas wishian somebody would give the conversation es start wen in vianny made o breake
	layer_6: i was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiannie maye a break
	layer_8: i was wishin somebody would give the conversation wa start when indiani made a break
	layer_10: i was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break
	layer_12: i was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break

file: 4570-56594-0002.flac
expected: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_2: this at no great stot countri says he to the ol gentlman with the kan
	layer_4: this a't no great stot country says he to the old gentleman with the kan
	layer_6: this saint no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the can
	layer_8: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_10: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_12: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane

file: 4570-56594-0003.flac
expected: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_2: no sor says the ol jenlnan
	layer_4: no sir says the old gentlemen
	layer_6: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_8: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_10: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_12: no sir says the old gentleman

file: 4570-56594-0004.flac
expected: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_2: thers ver little grasing here and the ranges pretty much werout
	layer_4: thereis very little grasing her and the rages pretty much ware out
	layer_6: there is very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much were out
	layer_8: there is very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_10: there is very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_12: there is very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out

file: 4570-56594-0005.flac
expected: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_2: the yon lady smil tho e r val and the old lady snapter ys an leok cidways adt the speaker
	layer_4: the young lady smile thou r vail and the old lady snappedter eyes and lookd sidways at the speaker
	layer_6: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looke sideways at the speaker
	layer_8: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_10: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_12: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker

file: 4570-56594-0006.flac
expected: i'm gwine down to orleans to see if i can't git a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys what's been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_2: an wined ou  alrlens to see f i can't get contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys atcs been liok in them in fornol mexkon so ba
	layer_4: inm wine dow dto ar lens to see if i can't get  contract out of uncle sm to feed the boys ance been lookin them in furnal mexcins so bad
	layer_6: i'm wine down to aurleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been looking them in fernal mexicans so bad
	layer_8: i'm gwingd down to our leans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licoking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_10: i'm wlhined own t our leans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_12: i'm wlhined own t our leans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad

file: 4570-56594-0007.flac
expected: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_2: o'v rid some a councs of the battl says the ol gentlemen theat didn't yive a very flatering a cowut of the conduc d o some of or trops
	layer_4: i've read some accounts of the battle says the hold gentleman thet didn't yive a very flattering a count of the conduc o some of our troops
	layer_6: i've read some accounts of the battle says the hold gentleman tha didn't give a very flattering a count of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_8: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_10: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_12: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops

file: 4570-56594-0008.flac
expected: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twistin and groanin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_2: the ol breature lisento im with evident sirns of dis plasure to histin in gronin tilhy couldn stand it no longer
	layer_4: the old preacture listen to him with evident sins of dis pleasure towistin in groanin til e couldn' stand it no longer
	layer_6: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_8: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_10: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_12: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer

file: 4570-56594-0009.flac
expected: he shut his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_2: he shoul his mouth rit in e mitale of wat ye walh saon and looke at e preature while yis fas gods rd as fire
	layer_4: he should his mouth right in ta middle of wat he wish saen and looked at the preacur while his face god s rd as fire
	layer_6: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_8: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_10: he shoolod his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_12: he shoood his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire

file: 4570-56594-0010.flac
expected: swearin says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it nohow
	layer_2: swaring says the ol breature is a terible bad pract as and there an't know use in it no hou
	layer_4: swaring says the old preacer is a terrible badprects and theire ain't kno use in it know how
	layer_6: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practse and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_8: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it kno how
	layer_10: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_12: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how

file: 4570-56594-0011.flac
expected: umphs but indiany kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_2: otes but inthie any cep shady e appeared to be cowd da
	layer_4: ots but in the any kept shady he appeared to be cowd da
	layer_6: uts but in thi anni kept shady he appeared to be cowed do
	layer_8: uts but in di anni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_10: uts but indi anni kep shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_12: uts but indie annie kep shady he appeared to be cowed down

file: 4570-56594-0012.flac
expected: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosier listened without ever opening his head
	layer_2: old gentleman with the kain to c  pard in the comversation and the whosur litent withaut ever open in this had
	layer_4: theold gentlemen with the can took apart ing i the conmversation and the hos ure listene without ever open in his head
	layer_6: the old gentleman with the cane took apart inging the conversation and the whoos eur listene without ever open in his head
	layer_8: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the whoozeur listened without ever opening his head
	layer_10: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hozer listened without ever opening his head
	layer_12: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hozer listened without ever openin his head

file: 4570-56594-0013.flac
expected: he was at sodom and gomorrow and seen the place whar lot's wife fell ah
	layer_2: he was at sawt a men ga moro and seeng the place war loth wate fill o
	layer_4: he was at sawght a menga morow and seen the place war loth wife fell a
	layer_6: he was at soht o mengomoro and seen the place war lots wi fell
	layer_8: he was at sad o mengamoro and seeing the place whar lot's wife fell ah
	layer_10: he was at sado mengamorro and seein the place whar lott's wife fell ah
	layer_12: he was at sado mengamorro and seein the place whare lott's wife fell ah

file: 4570-56594-0014.flac
expected: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_2: ye says the preature he wit to the very spot and was thoremarkabless thing af all he sen the pillar of sallt whatch she was tured into
	layer_4: ye says the preacer he wint to the very spot and was the remarkabless thing of all he seem the piller of salt what she was turned into
	layer_6: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkabliss thing of all he seem the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_8: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_10: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and wat's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_12: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and wats the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into

file: 4570-56594-0015.flac
expected: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_2: yes sir he seen thesul stend in thar to thisday
	layer_4: ye sir he seen the sat stand in thar to this day
	layer_6: yes sir he seen the sault standingvhar to this day
	layer_8: yes sir he seen the sault standing thre to this day
	layer_10: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_12: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day

file: 4570-56594-0016.flac
expected: what says the hoosier real genewine good salt
	layer_2: what says t husure real genawirn god sot
	layer_4: what says huser real genawne good sot
	layer_6: what sayst hosor real genouine good salft
	layer_8: what says the hoozer real genowine good salt
	layer_10: what sayse hoozier real genoine good salt
	layer_12: what says e hooziere real genoine good salt

file: 4570-56594-0017.flac
expected: yes sir a pillar of salt jest as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_2: yes sir a pillur of sault jist is it was win that wickid oman was ponished for herdasobediats
	layer_4: yes sir a piller of salt jist is it was wien that weaked woman was punished for herdsobediats
	layer_6: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that weaked woman was punished for her dez obediets
	layer_8: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wiaked woman was punished for her des obediencce
	layer_10: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedience
	layer_12: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedience

file: 4570-56594-0018.flac
expected: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_2: rig d out ton the openaire heast
	layer_4: righd out in the open air h asked
	layer_6: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_8: ride out in the open air he asked
	layer_10: ride out in the open air he asked
	layer_12: ride out in the open air he asked

file: 4570-102353-0000.flac
expected: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_2: we had thinbut little of that mi nunt and acur nowlagje of the inteior of the cotin it which was recqwas at for tetermination ofthe brobl
	layer_4: we had thin but little of that mynut and accurate know ege of the interior of he continit which was req asit for determination of the proble
	layer_6: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continet which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_8: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for determination of the problem
	layer_10: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_12: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem

file: 4570-102353-0001.flac
expected: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_2: saveril defefort partys wer theirefor or gen is to examon the various rous suppose to be prack tickable with in then nor than an southern limits of the u nitd states
	layer_4: several difforent parties were therefore organise to examined the various routs supposed to be practicable with in than nor than end southern limits of teunite states
	layer_6: several different parties were therefore organize to examine the various rauts supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_8: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_10: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_12: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states

file: 4570-102353-0002.flac
expected: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_2: the only discrimination mad was in the more propta and thoruh a quitment of the parities fore the extrem nor thean line and this was only because that was supposed to be themost ificalt of exiccution of all the servas
	layer_4: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt an thorough equipment of the parties for the extremd nor than lime and this was only because that was supposed to beth the most ifficult of execution of all the surves
	layer_6: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extremed northern liom and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_8: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_10: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_12: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys

file: 4570-102353-0003.flac
expected: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsequently led to the use of a coarser grain for artillery
	layer_2: in quires were made with regar to gn poutrt which sepsquently lad to the s of a courser raing for aur tillary
	layer_4: inquiries were made with regard to gun power which sub squently led to the uhe of a coure ird rain for artilery
	layer_6: inquiries were made with regard to gun powder which subsquintly led to the youth of a corser rain for artillery
	layer_8: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquentely led to the youth of a coarser rain for artillery
	layer_10: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquintly led to the youth of a coarser rain for artillery
	layer_12: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquintly led to the youth of a coarser rain for artillery

file: 4570-102353-0004.flac
expected: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_2: the offisers of these ragemants werechoson partly bys the lection from those alredy in servie in the regultheir army hampartly by point nat from siveial li
	layer_4: the officers of these regoments were chosen partly bys thelection from those already insurvice in the regular army ampartly by appointnent from scivil live
	layer_6: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly bys election from those already in service in the regular army and partly by a pointment from civil life
	layer_8: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_10: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_12: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life

file: 4570-102353-0005.flac
expected: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_2: aunder in structions rom the presidnent the list was therefor ravyesed and motifid hein accorncs with thes new elmet o gu raficl distrbution
	layer_4: under instructions from the presdent the list was therefore revised and modified he in a ccornce with this new elemen of guerafical distribution
	layer_6: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified h in accordnce with this new element of jeocrafpical distribution
	layer_8: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified  in accordance with this new element of geocraphical distribution
	layer_10: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_12: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution

file: 4570-102353-0006.flac
expected: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_2: ater some frther discussion of the question to vis jrs with drew desatis fied with theresult ouf the interviwu
	layer_4: afterssome further discussion of the question he visders with drew disatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_6: after some further discussion of the question the visiters withdrew disatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_8: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_10: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_12: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview

file: 4570-102353-0007.flac
expected: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_2: the quart imastr general on hering of this convrsation haten to in fore me that it was all an thestake at the appot y to the offichade been confounded with his father who was i well known wiig but that he the sun was ha demacrat
	layer_4: the quartermaster general onhearing of this conversation hastened to infor me that it was all im mistake ant the appoitye to the office had been confounded with his father who was i well known wig but that he the sun was a democrat
	layer_6: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the sun was a democrat
	layer_8: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_10: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_12: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat

file: 4570-102353-0008.flac
expected: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_2: ia sured the general at this was all together him aterial ating that it was a very pretty quarrl as it stood and that i had know a desire to affect a settlement of it on any in ferior issou
	layer_4: i assured the general that this was all together him aterial adding that it was an very pretty quarel as it stoood and that i had kno a desire to affect a settlement of it on any in ferior isu
	layer_6: i assured the general that this was altogether him material adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any infurior issue
	layer_8: i assured the general that this was altogether himmaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no  desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_10: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_12: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue

file: 1650-157641-0000.flac
expected: the social attitude towards smoking in early victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_2: the sotial attyu tooarsmolking oredebigtoron tdays and forceometime later was curius
	layer_4: the sotial at tyu towars molkinguareatybic torien days and for sometime later was curius
	layer_6: the social attd toor smulking  aready vitorian dase and for some time later was curious
	layer_8: the social attidutoer smulkingd already victorian dase and for some time later was curious
	layer_10: the social attiduetoor smoulking already victorian dase and for some time later was curious
	layer_12: the social attiduetoor smolking already victorian das and for some time later was curious

file: 1650-157641-0001.flac
expected: now missus quilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_2: now missas creelp h sas i feelion asmorkng hmere and shall probly lays a way i' night
	layer_4: now missas crelp he says i felion thus moking humor and shall probly plays away i'll night
	layer_6: now missus crip he says i feelyin us molking humor and shall probably plasd away i'll night
	layer_8: now missus crip he says i feel  in hus molking humour and shall probably blayze away ill night
	layer_10: now missus crip he says i feel in u smoking humour and shall probably plaze away i'll night
	layer_12: now missus crilp he says i feel in u smoking humour and shall probably plaze away i'll night

file: 1650-157641-0002.flac
expected: but sit where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_2: buth steeetoweare you ar if hi pliece hin case a wontin
	layer_4: but the set wheare you are if yeu plice incase at wolnti
	layer_6: but the sea t wheare you are if you polese in case ife walnting
	layer_8: but the seat where you are if you please in case i wanting
	layer_10: but the seat where you are if you please in case i wantin
	layer_12: but the seat where you are if you please in case a wantin

file: 1650-157641-0003.flac
expected: the dwarf's tastes however were catholic
	layer_2: the dborf s case hoiever wor capelet
	layer_4: the doorf'state however wer capolet
	layer_6: the darf's tates however ere capolete
	layer_8: the dwarf's tites however wer capelet
	layer_10: the dwarf's tastes however were captlet
	layer_12: the dwarf's tastes however were capolet

file: 1650-157641-0004.flac
expected: but quilp and brass were not in society
	layer_2: but creelp en bras wenow theensal siety
	layer_4: but creaelpen brass wed now thiensalsiety
	layer_6: but crepen bras woee now the insolciety
	layer_8: but creope and brass were now the insociety
	layer_10: but creop and brass were now the in society
	layer_12: but creop and brass were now the in society

file: 1650-157641-0005.flac
expected: there were still plenty of active opponents and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_2: the waes sto flenhe o factteve o pones and the nonsers of to baccl
	layer_4: the was ste flany o factive oponis and thenoncers of tobacco
	layer_6: tdhere wall stel flenny o factive oponis and denonsers of tobacco
	layer_8: there wil still plenty of factive oppones and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_10: there was still plenty of factive opponents and denoncers of tobacco
	layer_12: there was still plenty of factive opponents and denoncers of tobacco

file: 1650-157641-0006.flac
expected: one of the most distinguished was the great duke of wellington who abominated smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_2: one not the musti the stinguisto as the grid deowcof walding to who abomenan s moking andhe wasten noid by theing cres elt segars moking a monaol fisers elfthe yarmy
	layer_4: one nof the molsti theistinguisteo was the grid tkov vadington who abomen an smoking and wastonoid by the increselfs egars moking amon all pisersef the army
	layer_6: one of the mosta hyistinguished was the gret deokov valington who abomin and smoking and was tanoied by the increasef cigarsmoking amon al fisersef the army
	layer_8: one of the most of distinguished was the great dyakov wallington who abomine and smoking and was annoyed by the increese of cigar smoking among all ficers of the army
	layer_10: one of the mosto distinguished was the great dyakov wallington who abomine and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among alficers of the army
	layer_12: one of the mostof distinguished was the great dyakov wallington who abomine and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among alficers of the army

file: 1650-157641-0007.flac
expected: the ladies had a keen scent for the abominable odour of tobacco and distrusted the men who smoked
	layer_2: the ladis tather knsin for th a bom n te all d worl to backl and that this trested the man hos mok
	layer_4: the ladis hatheir kingsint for the abomineeall deworl to backl and ta the strasted the man whos moke
	layer_6: the lades had ther kinsant for the abaumantef all do werl tobacco and tha tdhestrested the man wo smoke
	layer_8: the ladiest had their kinsont for the abowment af al de worl tobacco and the distrusted the man who esmoke
	layer_10: the ladies had their kinsint for the aboment of all du worl tobacco and he distrusted the man who smoked
	layer_12: the ladies had their kinsinth for the aboment of all du worel tobacco and the distrusted the man who smoked

file: 1650-157641-0008.flac
expected: here is fitz boodle's or thackeray's comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_2: herous pisprutos for tacarhis come ent ounit cwo this thi smocing vhat i the should be conseetheirdor crine
	layer_4: heris phes pouthaos or thacris comeind on i uh this thi smoking that it should be concedher te crine
	layer_6: here ius fist tudos or thaceris comment on it uatis thi smoking that i t should be conseider ther crime
	layer_8: hereiis fit pudos or thackeries comment on it what is this smoking that it should be concidered the crime
	layer_10: here is fiszt putos or thackeries comment on it what is this smoking that it should be concidered e crime
	layer_12: here is fizt putos or thackeries comment on it what is this smoking that it should be concidered e crime

file: 1650-157641-0009.flac
expected: i believe in my heart that women are jealous of it as of a rival
	layer_2: i belive in thy heart tat e women a jalusst o it a souf ar wibl
	layer_4: i believe in thy heart that the women a jellous of it as off a wivle
	layer_6: i believe in my heart tat the women are jalous of it ats off a wibl
	layer_8: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as suff erwival
	layer_10: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as suff erwival
	layer_12: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as suff er wival

file: 1650-157641-0010.flac
expected: i would lay a guinea that many a lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i am a smoker and says oh the vulgar wretch and passes on to something else
	layer_2: ive the lay aginied thathe mani ladyu hwas jest bencind inof to rd the abolld lins lay ton the bok after this cofession of mi that i ust moker and the sats oh the bogr rech and he pasiss ouns osomething eus
	layer_4: i've the lay aganye btht the manu lady who has jst been kind enough to reat they abolved lines la ston the bok after this confession of mi that i mus moker and te sas oh the vagao retch and e pascess ounds o something olse
	layer_6: i te lay aguiea that a manu lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lay stand the bof after this confession of min that i mustmoker and the sae oh the vauga wretch and th passe sounds of something else
	layer_8: i delay a guenea that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lay ston the bok after this confession of mine that i must mok her and the sas oh the vulgar wretch and the passhe ounds of something else
	layer_10: il delay a guinea tat a manon lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines layston the book after this confession of mine that i must smok her and the says oh the vulgar wretch and te pass hee sounds of something else
	layer_12: i'll delay a guinea tat a manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines layston the book after this confession of mine that i must smok her and the sas oh the vulgar wretch andt pass there sounds of something else

file: 1650-157641-0011.flac
expected: germany has been puffing for three score years france smokes to a man
	layer_2: jermanhya has been covingfort threas qlore ears forens mokes to amen
	layer_4: germany has been coffing for thres gor years frens mokes to a men
	layer_6: germani has been coufing for three scor years frencs mokes to a men
	layer_8: germany has been coughing for three sqor years franc mokes to a man
	layer_10: germany has been coughing for three score years frasmokes to a man
	layer_12: germany has been coughing for three score years fransmokes to a man

file: 1650-157641-0012.flac
expected: psha look at his progress
	layer_2: shaw lo cet e his progeus
	layer_4: sha lokat his progress
	layer_6: sha lukuatte his progress
	layer_8: shaw lok ad his progress
	layer_10: sha look at his progress
	layer_12: shah look at his progress

file: 1650-157641-0013.flac
expected: thus the odour of tobacco was not brought into the drawing room
	layer_2: thus the oadwr of tobackl was not brodin to therdoingll
	layer_4: thus the aldwere of teo backe was not broud into their djoing lom
	layer_6: thus the alder oftorbacka was not brought into their djowying loom
	layer_8: thus the auldoer oftobacco was not brought into their drawing room
	layer_10: thus the aldour of tobacco was not brought into their draning room
	layer_12: thus the aldour of tobacco was not brought into their drawning room

file: 1650-157641-0014.flac
expected: the journalists and bohemians who met at the cogers were above or below the dictates of fashion and smoking was always a feature of their gatherings
	layer_2: thes dournalise and the boi means wfo mat a ther colders were about for telo the dig case alf fasion ani smolgin wasalwayc of fheture of thear gatherns
	layer_4: thesturnallicte and the bugimeans wfor mat at their coaders were about or ulowd the tig tasal fashion and smilking was always u feture of their gatherins
	layer_6: thisjurnalists and the bogymens who met at their coaders were about ori below the tig tase o fashion andt smoking was always the feature of their gatherins
	layer_8: the journalist and the bugimens who medt at their cojers were about or below the tig tase of fashion un e smoking was always the feature of their gatherons
	layer_10: the journalists and te bugymians who met at their coajers were about or below the dig taste of fashion onsmoking was always the feature of their gatherins
	layer_12: the journalists and the bugymians who met at their coajers were about or below the dig taste of fashion onsmoking was always the feature of their gatherins

file: 1650-157641-0015.flac
expected: both queen victoria and the prince consort detested it so tobacco was taboo wherever the court was
	layer_2: both queen ectoria and the prins consor e tastote so tlbackl was to bower ever the portorse
	layer_4: both queen victoria and the prince consor detaste it sotobacka was to bouerever the portfore
	layer_6: both queen victoria and the prince consort de tast at it so tobacco was to bo erever the pourtorse
	layer_8: both queen victoria and the prince consort detaset of it so tobacco was tabe wherever the court orce
	layer_10: both queen victoria and the prince consort detastef it so tobacco was tabo wherever the courtforce
	layer_12: both queen victoria and the prince consort detastef it so tobacco was tabu wherever the courtforce

file: 1650-173552-0000.flac
expected: at that very time at ten in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops on the poklonny hill looking at the panorama spread out before him
	layer_2: at that bery time attellin the mornin off the slicennouf sofbtemberan the polian was nanding a mone his trops on the peclonin hel loking o the penner amost preat olt before him
	layer_4: at that very time ate in the morning of the seconough subtember an ha pulleon was nanding among his trops on the pecloning heel loking a ther peneramas bread out before him
	layer_6: at that very time e tel in the morning off the seconoug september and apoleon was snanding among his troops onder pecloning heel looking at ther peneramas breat out before him
	layer_8: at that very time ateil in the morning of the second off september  napoleon was standing among his troops onder pocloning heel looking at the panaamas breat out before him
	layer_10: at that very time at ten in the morning af the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops under poclonian heel looking at the panarrama spread out before him
	layer_12: at that very time at ten in the morning af the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops under poclonian heel looking at the panarama spread out before him

file: 1650-173552-0001.flac
expected: the brightness of the morning was magical
	layer_2: the brid in hisself the mornung was mangical
	layer_4: the britin hisself the mornin was magical
	layer_6: the brighteneself the morning was magical
	layer_8: the brightenness uf the morning was magical
	layer_10: the brightness up the morning was magical
	layer_12: the brightness uf the morning was magical

file: 1650-173552-0002.flac
expected: but my clemency is always ready to descend upon the vanquished
	layer_2: bu the my clamises alwas ready to tdhie send upo e vemquishd
	layer_4: bu the my clamasese alwas ready to thessend upon the vemquished
	layer_6: but to my clamaces always ready to descend upon the vamquished
	layer_8: but to myclemeese always ready to descend upon the vam quist
	layer_10: but o myclemises always ready to descend upon the vanquist
	layer_12: but of myclemeses always ready to descend upon the vanquest

file: 1650-173552-0003.flac
expected: yet here she is lying at my feet with her golden domes and crosses scintillating and twinkling in the sunshine
	layer_2: yetd heur she is li ot my feet with ar godan doms an a crouses singllating in te twnclly in the sun sn
	layer_4: yet here she is lying ont my feet with her go dan dums and a crowses single lating in a twincllan the sunshige
	layer_6: yet here she is lying ont my feet with her goden doms and a crowses single lating ind a twinkle lane the sunshine
	layer_8: yet here she is lying on my feet with her golden domes and a crouses singlelading in te twinklelin the sunshine
	layer_10: yet here she is lying on my feet with her golden domes and a crasis singlelating in the twinklelin the sunshine
	layer_12: yet here she is lying ondr my feet with her golden domes and a crasis singlelating in the twinklein the sunshine

file: 1650-173552-0004.flac
expected: but i shall spare her
	layer_2: but ishal spar her
	layer_4: but i shall spar her
	layer_6: but i shall spar her
	layer_8: but i shall spare her
	layer_10: but i shall spare her
	layer_12: but i shall spare her

file: 1650-173552-0005.flac
expected: from the height of the kremlin yes there is the kremlin yes i will give them just laws i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boyars remember their conqueror with love
	layer_2: from the higd out te curamily yes thearis the cramilien yes i wioll geve them jus the los owatteche them the meaning of shos of a ization iwill make generastns o ble we arst remember their concer with lawd
	layer_4: from the hide out the cramilig yes the eareos the cramiling yes i will geve them just he los i will teach them the meaning of chos of alization i will make ganelration sof beiarse wremember their conqueror with lad
	layer_6: from the hide out the cramily yes the earest the crameli yes i will give them just alows i will teach them the meaning of chosivalization i will make generations of ears remember their conqueror with lod
	layer_8: from the hide out the cramile yes the arist tho cramele yes i will give them just alowus i will teach them the meaning of true civalization i will make generations of biars remember their conqueror with lod
	layer_10: from the hind out the cramile yes the eares te cramelen yes i will give them just allowus i will teach them the meaning of tue civilization i will make generations of boriars remember their conqueror with late
	layer_12: from the hind ot the cramile yes the eares te cramelyn yes i will give them just allous i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boriards remember their conqueror with lade

file: 1650-173552-0006.flac
expected: i will tell the deputation that i did not and do not desire war that i have waged war only against the false policy of their court that i love and respect alexander and that in moscow i will accept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_2: iur tel thrt tha itation thati di nout and t knowt des i war that i oiched ewr only against the fouse polas y of thi r cqurt that hi la en the res pacaaysander and thalt e mastical i lokc sebtermsalf pese wurt te lf my solhan of my puple
	layer_4: i ltel that that patation that i didnout and to now des i war that i oweche the war only against the thouse polaey of there qort that  i lave and the respackalasunder and thatl e masicl i lokcabtermsalf pieace wit the of myselt and of my pupil
	layer_6: iu ill tell tat that potation that i didnot and to not desi war that i toweach dewar only against the thoust policy of theireqourt that  i love nd the respecal exander and that imosacl i lookseptermsolf pece with thy of myself and of my peple
	layer_8: i will tell tat thad votation that i did not and do no desi war that i foreach the war only against the faulse policy of the recourt that i love and  respec aleander and tha i mosice ilxcep termsolf peace worththy of myself and of my peple
	layer_10: i will tell tha thadvotation that i did not and do not desire war that i thor eagh the war only against the false policy of the recourt that i love and  respect aleander and that in masicol i'll axcept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_12: i will tell te theaadvotation that i did not and do not desire war that i thor weagh the war only against the false policy of the recort that i love and respect alexander and that i masical i'll axcept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people

file: 1650-173552-0007.flac
expected: i do not wish to utilize the fortunes of war to humiliate an honored monarch
	layer_2: at to not reshe to outheilize the fortnslf war to ha mlat in ownaretmonerk
	layer_4: at do not wrech to utyelise the fortanself war to huml ate en hownor te monarc
	layer_6: and do not reach to idilize the fortuneself war to humul etein honor the monarc
	layer_8: ad do not rish to udilize the fortunes of war to humilate in honor the monarc
	layer_10: and do not wish to udilize the fortunes of war to humiliate in honor the monarch
	layer_12: and do not wish to udilize the fortunes of war to humiliate in honor the monarch

file: 1650-173552-0008.flac
expected: he will have to be told all the same said some gentlemen of the suite but gentlemen
	layer_2: he wold have to be telt ol ther sanm sai somedeantmen ut this wit but gent mid
	layer_4: he woul have to be toke ill the same say some gentmen ouf this wit but genme
	layer_6: he would have to be tot i'll de same sayd some gentlemen of this wit but gentlemen
	layer_8: he would have to be tone i'll the same sa some gentleman of this whit but gentlemen
	layer_10: he would have to be tote i'll the same say some gentleman of this whit but gentlemen
	layer_12: he would have to be toe i'll the same say some gentleman of this whit but gentlemen

file: 1650-173552-0009.flac
expected: a single report of a signaling gun followed and the troops who were already spread out on different sides of moscow moved into the city through tver kaluga and dorogomilov gates
	layer_2: ta simgor epord out the sinknoling gown  fowolow and the tros whore a radis brad out on the fren sisuf moscolp mno bento the saty tho ver cllu gt and thourgomal ofee gates
	layer_4: a singl repouret out the sinknoling gone fowolow and the trofes whore alrades bread out on tey frn asieself moscop mol been to the sati tomerd colu gt and thour gomel ofe gates
	layer_6: a single repored out the sing noling gano foulow and the troofh's whore alraddis bret out on thefrenesize sef mosco mobing to the sati to merd kaluga and tagomeled gates
	layer_8: e single report out the singnainggon fowlowe and the trots whoere alrady spread out on tdiprentisie sof mosco movinto the seti tho mer koluga and dagaelat gates
	layer_10: he single report ot the singna linggan fowlo and the troths who were already spread out on differenticaize sefmosco move into the ceti to ver koluga and dalgamulav gates
	layer_12: the single report ot the singna inggan fowlo and the troths whowere already spread out on differentisaize selfmoscow move into the ceti to ver kologa and dalgamula gates

file: 1650-173551-0000.flac
expected: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brought the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for a minute and that someone from bazdeev's widow had called to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's books as she herself was leaving for the country
	layer_2: he smajure donl mo kaming e sacon time to say t at the fanchme h when the broa the leter fon the cound his was bhur andshistoo see him e fonly fore minuts and thas some lone from bsit tives wedo a the cow to as piair toit take charge up her uspands book as he herself oese laving for the consere
	layer_4: he smajour don't mo caming a sacond time to say that the fenchma whohea the brouw the letter from the countis wasvery andsiousto see him be fonly for minute and thas some one from besideeves wedo had the cow to askpir to take charge up her huspandspok aske she herself aslaving for the councred
	layer_6: hes major dontmo caming a second time to say that the frenchman who had ta browd the letter from the countess was a very ansies to see him e f only for minute and that some one from besedive's wido had a cow to ask pirre to take charge up her husbandsbook aske she herself a slaving for the countred
	layer_8: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had abrow the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and tha some one from bazeiv's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book asked she herself was slaving for the counterd
	layer_10: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had  browe the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that someone from bezediv's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was slaving for the counjer
	layer_12: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had browe the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that someone from bezediv's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was slaving for the counjer

file: 1650-173551-0001.flac
expected: there was no one in the passage
	layer_2: there was no liin the passat
	layer_4: there was no lin the passit
	layer_6: there was no li n the passit
	layer_8: there was no li in the paset
	layer_10: there was no lien the passet
	layer_12: there was no lien the passet

file: 1650-173551-0002.flac
expected: the hall porter was standing at the front door
	layer_2: the ho pwouser was staning ad the frun tor
	layer_4: the how poser was standing ai the fron tor
	layer_6: the hal porser was standing at the front door
	layer_8: the aw poter was standing at the front door
	layer_10: the hall porter was standing at the front door
	layer_12: the hall porter was standing at the front door

file: 1650-173551-0003.flac
expected: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase leading to the back entrance
	layer_2: from the lan the a were per sto therwas a secon the saircase linentwo the back anties
	layer_4: from the land te were pear stud there was a second the sarcase lingat wi the back ancies
	layer_6: from the landinwer pier stod deer was a second the sarcase linget with he back encese
	layer_8: from the landing where pieer stood there was a second saircase linet with the back enges
	layer_10: from the landing where pier stod there was a second staircase lianit wit the back enges
	layer_12: from the landing where pier stood there was a second staircase linnit with the back enges

file: 1650-173551-0004.flac
expected: he went down that staircase and out into the yard no one had seen him
	layer_2: he wouln down bhu staircaste ond t it into the yard no wo ha see him
	layer_4: he wouldnt downg tha star casen i'ult into the yard no othas see him
	layer_6: he wudnt downg thy staire casan i'lt into the yard no one has see him
	layer_8: he wudn down tho staircase an o'lt into the yard noone has see him
	layer_10: he wunt down tho staircase an out into the yard no one has see him
	layer_12: he wunt down tho staircase an iout into the yard no one has see him

file: 1650-173551-0005.flac
expected: when he felt he was being looked at he behaved like an ostrich which hides its head in a bush in order not to be seen he hung his head and quickening his pace went down the street
	layer_2: whe he faale thathe he was spen loleke tad hid behaved a likg als trs whehich hid is had in t epbosinon deir nowt o be seen he hon his had am e quicknan his pace when down thesteuet
	layer_4: wen he failet that e he was peing luec tad he behaved a likea elste rice which hid is had in te butin onder now to be seen he hund his had an a quickening his pact when down the strit
	layer_6: when he failed that he was being luktad he behaved a like a alsterich which hide his had in abuchian under now to be seen he hound his head and  quickening his face when down the street
	layer_8: when he failet that he was being lukedad he behaved like a alsterich which hide his head in tha buchi under now to be seen he hunged his head and quickening his face wen down the street
	layer_10: when he feiled that he was being luqked ad he behaved like alsteridce which hied his head in tha bouzen oder now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_12: when he feiled that he was being luked ad he behavedr like alsteridce which hired his head in tha bougen onder now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street

file: 1650-173551-0006.flac
expected: he hired the first cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriarch's ponds where the widow bazdeev's house was
	layer_2: he har the first o capon mad and tell the jiveure to gol to the patri ax pons were the wite basa deve sousewas
	layer_4: he har the first a cap himet and tol the jiver to go to the patriax pons were the wido bas i deve ousewas
	layer_6: he hard the first a cap himedand tol the jivor to go to the patriaxponds were the widow basidive's ouse was
	layer_8: he hard the first a cap he met and tod the jiver to go to the patriax pons where the widow basdeve's house was
	layer_10: he hared the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patriax pouncs where the widow bazdive's house was
	layer_12: he hared the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patriax ponce where the widow bazdeve's house was

file: 1650-173551-0007.flac
expected: this was the authentic scotch acts with bazdeev's notes and explanations
	layer_2: this was the othentigscos acx with fat deve s nolsan qlanations
	layer_4: this was the atentic scholch acts with fathteves nols an sclanations
	layer_6: this was the authentic skolsh axs with fathtiv snollse andclenatious
	layer_8: this was the authentic scalsh axe with fathdiof snuls andclanatious
	layer_10: this was the authentic scoch axe with fattive snults and clanations
	layer_12: this was the authentic scoch axe with fattive snuls and clanations

file: 1650-173551-0008.flac
expected: he sat down at the dusty writing table and having laid the manuscripts before him opened them out closed them finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand sank into meditation
	layer_2: he is satt d e thout thusteed witing table and the havin lave the maners grabefor him open the mol clolseteme final ipruose them ma woay and he reusting his had oug his hand the sanking to mandicasion
	layer_4: he is sat da thot thus ded witing table and the having lade the manus gribefore him open the ma clolstom e final y poshd them away and a resting his head o his hand ts senking to madicasion
	layer_6: he is set di the dhus der wriding table and te having lay the manus gri before him open the mala closetem  finallypruced them away and arresting his head on his hand t sendk im to madication
	layer_8: he as sat doed the dus did writing table and having lay the manusgrie before him opened the mo closed them tho finally prushed them away and rresting his head on his hand senk into madication
	layer_10: heha sadt do the dust derd writing table and having laid the manusgrip before him opened the mouth closed them who finally prushed them away and resting his head on his hand sent into mandication
	layer_12: he ha said do the dust ded writing table and having laid the manusgrip before him opened the mouth closed them who finally prushed them away and resting his head on his hand senk into mandication

file: 1650-173551-0009.flac
expected: makar alexeevich came twice that evening shuffling along in his galoshes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatingly at pierre
	layer_2: macker a lextovose came e twised thot the veni shoftling alonigh sclachious aft s faresd thet doo and stoups an the loked in grecha tily othe pcear
	layer_4: maker a lext ovege came utwise that ther eveni shuftling alongi hsclashus ofs farest the door and stops an the loked ingriciato lhe a ther pier
	layer_6: maqer alaxovege came  twice thather eveni shuffling alonginhisglachius ats farest the door and stops and e loked ingriciatily ad the pier
	layer_8: maker alaxtorvitche came twice tate evenin shuffling along in h sglachius as far as the door and stops andlooked ingreciatiedly at the pierre
	layer_10: maker alaxtrevitch came twice tha te evening shuffling along in his sklachus as far as the dor and stops andlooked ingratiatedly at the pierre
	layer_12: maker lextrovitch came twice tha te evening shuffling along in his sklaschus as far as the dor and stops and looked ingratiatedly at the pierre

file: 1650-167613-0000.flac
expected: the officers were about to take leave but prince andrew apparently reluctant to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay and have tea
	layer_2: the aesersalbou do taclie for the pris enuw a parente relactent of belaft a low wihis fren ask adtem to stay ane halft n
	layer_4: the ol phisers wir bou to takele for the priziendu apparento relactentl be laft alown with his prien ask  them tho stay and halft ehe
	layer_6: the alvisors wabowe to take lev for the prinsiandew apparentoy relactentil be laghet along with his friend asked them to stay and halfte
	layer_8: the olficers wabowe to take leave for the prince andrew apparent toly reluctento be left alone with his friend askd them to stay and half teea
	layer_10: the oficers werebowed to take leave of the prince andrew apparently reluctent to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay an half tea
	layer_12: the oficers were bowed to take leave of the prince andrew apparently reluctent to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay an half tea

file: 1650-167613-0001.flac
expected: seats were brought in and so was the tea
	layer_2: sis wil broadyin andhe so woastort e
	layer_4: sees wile browdying and e sou warsperthe
	layer_6: ces were browdin andt sol woestherte
	layer_8: seas were browdin and the soul wosterd e
	layer_10: seas were brawedin and the soul worsthered e
	layer_12: seas were brawedin and the soul worst thered he

file: 1650-167613-0002.flac
expected: the officers gazed with surprise at pierre's huge stout figure and listened to his talk of moscow and the position of our army round which he had ridden
	layer_2: the alviser scaze wis uprize of e purs oigh stoud fbeager an helizento hi stoak afpamousicoat and the position of oubr army lrong wah he had ha breton
	layer_4: the alviserscase wis suprised an a purs oge stob figer and the listen to his talk af pmousicat and a position aulf oubrarmy lug waich he had abreaden
	layer_6: the alvicerscaes with surprised in a pere tuge stabd figer and o listen to his talk of pomocicoate and a position a valberarmy long wich he had a breeden
	layer_8: the olficerscaesd with surprise atd ha peer huge stalpd figure and to listen to his talk u a mousicoat and a position a valberarmy long which he had a breeden
	layer_10: the officer scaesd with surprise at the peares huge stolb figure and a listen to his talk of a mausicoat and the position of albera army mong which he had a breaden
	layer_12: the officer scatesd with surprise at the pears huge stolbe figure and a listen to his talk of a mausicoate and the position of albera army mong which he had a breaden

file: 1650-167613-0003.flac
expected: so you understand the whole position of our troops
	layer_2: so you endher stand the whole postecs an nop ouere troks
	layer_4: so you enderstand the whome poses anofhou wer trofs
	layer_6: sol you enderstand the home puses anouwh oer troops
	layer_8: so you understand the hom pusison no aer troops
	layer_10: so you understand the hom pusisan a faver troops
	layer_12: so you inderstand the hom pusisian a faver troops

file: 1650-167613-0004.flac
expected: not being a military man i can't say i have understood it fully but i understand the general position
	layer_2: nowt being o milt reman e canne saap ender stothy the foy bu the endtersten the genter r posution
	layer_4: now being a millito re men the canneca ap ender stotey t foly bu the enthersten he generaol posution
	layer_6: nowt being a millitoary man the cano se hape ender stothy t foly but they enderstand the general pocusion
	layer_8: not being a military man the cannot say afe understoothi  foly but they enderstand the general precision
	layer_10: not being a military man the cano sayaf enderstoot it fulli but they understand the general precision
	layer_12: not being a military man the cana sayaf enderstoodh it fulli but they understand the general precision

file: 1650-167613-0005.flac
expected: well then you know more than anyone else be it who it may said prince andrew
	layer_2: well then you kno mor than endi house be had hoith may sad cres enourl
	layer_4: well then you kno mor than anyine ouse pe had hoith ma said priss eneur
	layer_6: well then you know more than anyone else peat hoit may said phriss aner
	layer_8: well then you know more than anyone else pete hoit may said princ anderw
	layer_10: well then you know more than anyone else peate hoit may said prince andrew
	layer_12: well then you know more than anyone else peate hoit may said prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0006.flac
expected: and tell me your opinion of barclay de tolly
	layer_2: a tel me yr a ping backlayd thi tolli
	layer_4: a tell me yure of pinio backlate thei toli
	layer_6: i tell mean your apina bac latde their tolin
	layer_8: o tell mean your apena back laide their toling
	layer_10: e tel me your alpenia back laid their toling
	layer_12: a tell me your alpenia back laid their toling

file: 1650-167613-0007.flac
expected: pierre looked at timokhin with the condescendingly interrogative smile with which everybody involuntarily addressed that officer
	layer_2: purloke that molcum with the con hi senal insto rok tve smile waith waiseemeraboyavollaterilyoroase that alpfiser
	layer_4: cur loke that molchum with the comhisendaly in toraktive'smile with wichamrbodybolenturely orjoas that alpficer
	layer_6: pure look that malcime with the conicendaly into roctive smile with whish emerybody voluntarely orjwas that alficer
	layer_8: pure look that malcim with the convdiscendaly into rocative smile with which eveybody voluntarily or jwas that alficer
	layer_10: pure look that malcim with the condiscendngly into roccative smile with which everybody voluntarily ojwass that alfficer
	layer_12: pure look that malcim with the condiscendngly into rocative smile with which everybody voluntarily ojwas that alficer

file: 1650-167613-0008.flac
expected: we see light again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency said timokhin timidly and continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_2: with shou lithagan soes is toranity has men t e poins it your ackseienceyis set in molkcin timicaly ind the cometi nealya terning tok glansd hat his curnal
	layer_4: whih she  light hegain since hi suranity has men thep point it you re accolencye set i malcantimigally and the continualyturmin to glanced hat is colonal
	layer_6: which she lihtd again since his suranity hast men appointet your axcellenc sat i malcantimically and the continually tturning to glanced at his colonel
	layer_8: which he llight again since his serenity has ben appointed your excellency set morl cintimigally and the continually turning to glanced at his colonel
	layer_10: which he liht again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency sat molcintimigally and the continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_12: which he light again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency sat malcintimigally and the continually turning to glance at his colonel

file: 1650-167613-0009.flac
expected: why so asked pierre
	layer_2: why so askn e pr
	layer_4: why so ask the per
	layer_6: why so ask the per
	layer_8: why so ask the peer
	layer_10: why so ask the peer
	layer_12: why so ask the peer

file: 1650-167613-0010.flac
expected: then why was it forbidden
	layer_2: the live was is prbeden
	layer_4: the li was it porbeden
	layer_6: tho wi was it porbeden
	layer_8: togh why was it fobeden
	layer_10: thou wy was it forbidden
	layer_12: thou wy was it forbidden

file: 1650-167613-0011.flac
expected: at smolensk too he judged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had larger forces
	layer_2: a s mall tansk to he jus the croractlyd that e e french myght out qlancas as the had a lorgs forces
	layer_4: as smonancsk too hecus the corractale that o be frence migh to outlankus as the had allorge forces
	layer_6: at sma nanske too he chushed the corractaly that of ta frence might outlankas ask thee had a large forces
	layer_8: at smanask too he chuged e correctiy thatof the french might outflank us as the had a large forces
	layer_10: at smonansk too he cuged correctly that of the french might outflank us as the had large forces
	layer_12: at smonask too he chuged correctrly that the french might out flank us as the had large forces

file: 1650-167613-0012.flac
expected: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and losses went for nothing
	layer_2: the odtherd us to rechreet and the oul our effors in e lalses woonte for nohing
	layer_4: the oderd us to recreat and t ou our affors in a louses wolddfor nothing
	layer_6: he oldered us to retreat and our hour affers in tallowsest wund for nothing
	layer_8: he oldored us to retreat and oul our affers and allows hist woind for nothing
	layer_10: he oldered us to retreat and ow our effers and allows this won for nothing
	layer_12: he oldered us to retreat and oul our effors and allows this won for nothing

file: 1650-167613-0013.flac
expected: so it has been with barclay
	layer_2: soly thea spin with farcl
	layer_4: soy t as ben with farklly
	layer_6: soly the aspin with farkly
	layer_8: slowly the aspin with fharkaly
	layer_10: slowly the aspin with farcly
	layer_12: slowly the aspin with farcley

file: 1650-167613-0014.flac
expected: while russia was well a foreigner could serve her and be a splendid minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own kin
	layer_2: well ros on was well beaforing eir couldsirmbed her and te beu spland in a mineser bu thoat sonashes in dangere shounes one uf er on kin
	layer_4: well rutiin was well uforing ther could surved her and te be as glanin a miistert but that soon as shes in danger she nes one ef er on kin
	layer_6: well russiin was well beforing ther could survbe her and to be a  glanding a minister but that soon as she s in danger she nse one off her own king
	layer_8: well rusian was well beforein her could surb her and to be o splaning a minister but as soon as she is in danger she knes one of her own kin
	layer_10: well rusian was well before inher could serve her and be a splandin a minister but as soon as she is in danger she neets one of her own king
	layer_12: well russian was well before inther could serve her and be a splandin a minister but as soon as she is in danger she neets one of her own king

file: 1650-167613-0015.flac
expected: and they say he's a skillful commander rejoined pierre
	layer_2: and vay say his as sco fu comaner h re jin the pr
	layer_4: and theye say his a sciwl fucommendor he wuljoind the pure
	layer_6: and they say his a skillful commander he wejoin the pur
	layer_8: and they say his a skilful commander he red joine the per
	layer_10: and they say hes a skilful commander he rejoined the per
	layer_12: and they say his a skilful commander he rejoined the peer

file: 1650-167613-0016.flac
expected: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_2: i don't and ther stand  what is men's by a scewpol com mander whue plydthe prise ens i rongehoin
	layer_4: i don't and therstand whathis meane by a scuwfulcommander wrhoe plied the price enjor irogiclin
	layer_6: i don't enderstand what is mente by a scuful commander replied th prince enjued irogicallyy
	layer_8: i don't understand what is meant by a skelful commander replied te prince andew irogically
	layer_10: i don't understand what is meant by a skilful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_12: i don't understand what is meant by a skilful commander replied prince andrew ironically

file: 1650-167613-0017.flac
expected: a skillful commander replied pierre
	layer_2: a scueiful commander replid apr
	layer_4: e scuiful commender replied the pr
	layer_6: a scuiful commander replid the per
	layer_8: a scelful commander replied the pere
	layer_10: a scuful commander replied the pier
	layer_12: a scuful commander replied the pier

file: 1650-167613-0018.flac
expected: pierre looked at him in surprise
	layer_2: sure a lo eathe hame so prise
	layer_4: pureat loc athe haminons of price
	layer_6: pureat loke a ther hammns of phrice
	layer_8: pure at lok are the hemmienes of phrice
	layer_10: pure at lok are the hemies of prist
	layer_12: pure at lok are the hemiess of prist

file: 1650-167613-0019.flac
expected: and yet they say that war is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_2: and the yis the sayvet ot the wars like a gae ov ches huremart
	layer_4: and the yets they save haf the worse like a game of ches he remark
	layer_6: and the yets they sav that the wars like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_8: and yets they sa that the warst like a game of ches he remarked
	layer_10: and yet they say that the orse like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_12: and yet they say that the orse like a game of chesse he remarked

file: 1650-167613-0020.flac
expected: the relative strength of bodies of troops can never be known to anyone
	layer_2: the ralloturvestrensh of potheis of tobp conever be nownstor aner on
	layer_4: the ralotivsdrenth of podis of top cannever beknown or anu one
	layer_6: the ralative drength of podies of thop can never be known tor ano one
	layer_8: the relative sdrength of bodis of toup can never be known tor any one
	layer_10: the relative strength of bodies of toope can never be known to any one
	layer_12: the relative strength of bodies of toope can never be known to any one

file: 1650-167613-0021.flac
expected: success never depends and never will depend on position or equipment or even on numbers and least of all on position but on what then
	layer_2: suxess memver de pands an neer will depan on possision wor e cueveman wor eveno nembers and a lesetoff oall on position but oun what thn
	layer_4: success never depens a neverl will depen on possition were equevement wor even o nembers and a least off all on position but own what then
	layer_6: success never depense a never will depen on position ere equivement ere even o namburs and a least of awl on position but on what than
	layer_8: success never depends a never will depend on position or equivement or even onemberst and tha least of ol on position but on what than
	layer_10: success never depends an never will depend on position or equivement or even on nenberst and the least of owl on position but on what then
	layer_12: success never depends an never will depend on position or equivement or even on nenberst and the least of awl on position but on what then

file: 1650-167613-0022.flac
expected: on the feeling that is in me and in him he pointed to timokhin and in each soldier
	layer_2: iun the firling that eis in me and e him epointedt took tomolking and e is sozer
	layer_4: oun the fiiling that isin me an e hin epointe took hi malking and  is solzer
	layer_6: oun the filing that a sin me and a hin e pointed took hi malking ande is sozer
	layer_8: am the feeling that is in me an a hin he pointed took thi malking and he is soder
	layer_10: i'm the feeling thar is in me an e hin he pointed to to malking and e is sojer
	layer_12: i'm the feeling that is in me an e him he pointed to to marking an he is sojer

file: 1650-167613-0023.flac
expected: a battle is won by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_2: the batois one by thosehol firbly resouto weinans
	layer_4: bhe bato s on by those who firmbly resolnedto winant
	layer_6: teba tois warme by those who firmly resolvedo win it
	layer_8: bhe batto i swan by those who firmly resolved to win it
	layer_10: the batle is swon by those who firmrly resolve to win it
	layer_12: the batteis swon by those who firmrly resolve to win it

file: 1650-167613-0024.flac
expected: why did we lose the battle at austerlitz
	layer_2: why the wi ls the boator and er ousbotes
	layer_4: why they willdos the bador and e ous balles
	layer_6: why they wildows the battor and her olse bullness
	layer_8: why they wildows the batteer and ar aus buness
	layer_10: why the wildows the batter and their alsbulness
	layer_12: why the wildows the batter and their alsbulness

file: 1650-167613-0025.flac
expected: we've lost so let us run and we ran
	layer_2: lief lostit so lightustwon and the wre on
	layer_4: wefh lousdt sio light us wan and t we one
	layer_6: wef aloused so light us ran and  we werne
	layer_8: wefe lousd so light us worn and we werne
	layer_10: wef loust so light us worn and we wen
	layer_12: wef loust so light us worn and we wen

file: 1650-167613-0026.flac
expected: but tomorrow we shan't say it
	layer_2: bu to morraol wre hine saad
	layer_4: but tomoro were shin saint
	layer_6: but to moroal were shen sayant
	layer_8: but to morrow where chensayant
	layer_10: but to morrow where shinseyint
	layer_12: but to morrow where shinseyant

file: 1650-167613-0027.flac
expected: but what awaits us tomorrow
	layer_2: buthou wat a wai e has to morrl
	layer_4: but a wat a wait has to marrel
	layer_6: but a what a waigt has to morol
	layer_8: but a what a weight has to morrow
	layer_10: but o what a weight has to morrow
	layer_12: but o what a weight has to morrow

file: 1650-167613-0028.flac
expected: the fact is that those men with whom you have ridden round the position not only do not help matters but hinder
	layer_2: the facktas that athose man tt with whome youw have frithen weerong the posision not only tdo knowl healtp matthers bu thei hinder
	layer_4: the factes that a those man t with whome you havetfriden eround the position not only to nowl help matters but te hinder
	layer_6: the factist that a those man u with home you have freden around the position not only to nowl help matters but a hinder
	layer_8: the factis that  those men with whom you have fredene around the position not only to naw help matters but a hinder
	layer_10: the fact is that o those men with whom you have freetene around the position not only to now help matters but a hinder
	layer_12: the fact is that a those men with whom you have freetene around the position not only to now help matters but a hinder

file: 1650-167613-0029.flac
expected: that's the truth the real truth said timokhin
	layer_2: vaske the toufh the realsruof sad t moalkin
	layer_4: thas the truth the real truth said to mulcin
	layer_6: as the truth the real truth said to mulcon
	layer_8: vast the truth the real truth said to malcan
	layer_10: vast the truth the real truth said to malchin
	layer_12: vast the truth the real truth said to malchin

file: 1650-167613-0030.flac
expected: it's not the day for that they say
	layer_2: isnow the dey for thoutty say
	layer_4: is now the day for thaut they say
	layer_6: is now the day for thot they say
	layer_8: i's now the day for that they say
	layer_10: it's now the day for that they say
	layer_12: it's now the day for that they say

file: 1650-167613-0031.flac
expected: all were silent the officers rose
	layer_2: o woreselent the allpisers tros
	layer_4: ow were selend the alpiser sros
	layer_6: a were selend the alficer sros
	layer_8: ow were sellend the olfficer shros
	layer_10: ow were sellend the officer shrose
	layer_12: ow were sellend the officer shrose

file: 1650-167613-0032.flac
expected: yes yes answered prince andrew absently
	layer_2: thesus ansor the princ eng or absomply
	layer_4: yes yies anser the prince eng ore absemnphlly
	layer_6: yes yes answer the prince engeor absenply
	layer_8: yes yes answer the prince ander absently
	layer_10: yes yes answer the prince andur absently
	layer_12: yes yes answer the prince andor absently

file: 1650-167613-0033.flac
expected: the french have destroyed my home and are on their way to destroy moscow they have outraged and are outraging me every moment they are my enemies
	layer_2: the frchust is sstoyke my hold and r onlyr woort of distoy mosicl they hap oul thrist anour oul t risonm every moment thearmot anamins
	layer_4: the frenciast i sthoyed my home and a only woid o ti stoy mosical they ha outreast and our out reisonmy every moment the rma enemenes
	layer_6: the french has detroyed my home and ar only wildl destroy mosical they have outrestd and our out reasun me every moment terma enimies
	layer_8: the french has destroyed my home and oure only wido destroy masicoe they havte outreched and our outresue me every moment teurma enemies
	layer_10: the french has destroyed my home and our only wid destroy mosacole they have outreached and our outresumedme every moment thiurma enemies
	layer_12: the french has destroyed my home and our only wed destroy mosacole they have outreached and our outresuedme every moment thiurma enemies

file: 1650-167613-0034.flac
expected: in my opinion they are all criminals
	layer_2: e my olpinaber ol cuiminals
	layer_4: in my lphinabeor ol cqriminals
	layer_6: in my alphina b r owl criminals
	layer_8: in my alphinia be or owl criminals
	layer_10: in my alphinia be yoer owl criminals
	layer_12: in my alphinia be yer owl criminals

file: 1650-167613-0035.flac
expected: and so thinks timokhin and the whole army
	layer_2: and sou  thinks to moalgy and the hollearmiyn
	layer_4: and so  thinks ti malki and the whole armin
	layer_6: and so thinks to malcy and the whole armin
	layer_8: and so thinks to malikhey and the whole army
	layer_10: and so thinks to malachy and the whole army
	layer_12: and so thinks to malchay and the whole army

file: 1650-167613-0036.flac
expected: since they are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may have been said at tilsit
	layer_2: sos the are my fos they can nolt be my friens whilthevevermaey have bee sad etd a tusent
	layer_4: suse the are my fols they can nelt been my frinds whiltever may hawe be sad at attulsit
	layer_6: seis they are my fols they can nelt be my friends whatever may hawve besad at a tuset
	layer_8: sise the are my foes they cannelt be my friends whatever may have beo sad at a tulsit
	layer_10: since they are my foles they cannet be my friends whatever may have b said at a tiset
	layer_12: since they are my foles they can net be my friends whatever may have be said at a tiset

file: 1650-167613-0037.flac
expected: yes yes muttered pierre looking with shining eyes at prince andrew
	layer_2: yes ss batherde peare locn with shyning eyese t a pres anou
	layer_4: yes es moteredthe per lokin with shining eyesat the prince andou
	layer_6: yes es matered pier lokim with shining eyece at the prince andew
	layer_8: yes yes matteredthe pier lokim with shining eyes at the prince andew
	layer_10: yes yes mottered he pier lokin with shining eyes at prince andrew
	layer_12: yes yes mottered the pier lokim with shining eyes at prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0038.flac
expected: they talk to us of the rules of war of chivalry of flags of truce of mercy to the unfortunate and so on it's all rubbish
	layer_2: the toktooust of herolst of r of civery o' foacks of tros a f murscy to the anfortanai the ina sor ong te foul rabi
	layer_4: the tal toust off erued off ar of civery o flacxs of tush of mercy to the unfortana te anso long i ou rabi
	layer_6: the talke toas a erut off war of civeri o flax of tuth of mercy to the unfortina t and so long it ou rabbis
	layer_8: the talk to ask a ferutaf war of civelry of flax of trouth of mercy to the unfortunatr and so long it's ou robin
	layer_10: the talk to as a ferustaf war of chivalry of flax of tooth of mercy to the unfortunaten so long it's aul robins
	layer_12: the talk to ase af ferust af war of chivalry of flax of tooth of mercy to the unfortunateen so long it's aul robins

file: 1650-167613-0039.flac
expected: they plunder other people's houses issue false paper money and worst of all they kill my children and my father and then talk of rules of war and magnanimity to foes
	layer_2: the pland ther o ther pepo's houlses euso fols plavoerbun and a warstouf fowu they kile my cudsen an the my father and dan towk off rus elf fr and mag nimatis to fos
	layer_4: the plander other pepo's holses eu su fals plaver buny and a woarst aff ow they kill my chidren an he my father and ten talk offruself fr and magnimitese to fos
	layer_6: the plander o ther peopl's houses sul fels plaver bony and a warset  ow they kille my children handin my father and dan talkoff ruself r and magnimateas to fos
	layer_8: the plander o ther people's houses ishufelsspaver bonny and worse ou ow they killed my children an my father and them talkof ru saar and magnimetes to foks
	layer_10: the plander of the people's houses ishu fels paver bonny and worst af how they kill my children and my father and them talkaf ru safar and magnimites to folks
	layer_12: the plander of the people's houses ishu fels paver bonny and worst af owl they kill my children and my father and them talkaf ru safar and magnimites to folks

file: 1650-167613-0040.flac
expected: take no prisoners but kill and be killed
	layer_2: take nol prisoners by the cule and becul
	layer_4: take no prisoners by the kil and beci
	layer_6: take no prisoners by the keel and bekue
	layer_8: take no priseners by the keel and beku
	layer_10: take no prisoners by the keele and beecue
	layer_12: take no prisoners by the keele and beecue

file: 1650-167613-0041.flac
expected: prince andrew who had thought it was all the same to him whether or not moscow was taken as smolensk had been was suddenly checked in his speech by an unexpected cramp in his throat
	layer_2: prese endel who have fatheredthe was all the slame to him whether we not mousaco as tagen as moulans chadie been wa so the ayd chacthg his spese bya an spackted te crambis thrlt
	layer_4: price endre who have felled o wasol dhe same to him whether were not mnsica was tagkan as molance chad ben wial sode way chacting his speech by a an spacte  crambiys throuot
	layer_6: prince andrew who have folli e was ou thassame to him whether ware not mousaco was taken aks milins chad been was sederwaychackting hi speech by an ax spacto h crammys throat
	layer_8: prince andrew who have faldta  was olt a sime to him whether were now th mousico was taken as maelens had been was suddenlly checkeding his speech by an anx pacted cramys throat
	layer_10: prince andrew who had faultat was al thesime to him whether i er nothe mostico was taken as maolans had been was suddenly checkeding his speech by a anxbacted crambe's throat
	layer_12: prince andrew who had faltat was al thesime to him whether iter not the maustico was taken as marlan's had been was suddenly checkeding his speech by a anxpacted crambe's throat

file: 1650-167613-0042.flac
expected: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes glittered feverishly and his lips quivered as he began speaking
	layer_2: heu pasetop nd down o fieyou it times in silens bu the his eyes gletora fivrarissly and the hislevfes queebrd as ta begains peiking
	layer_4: he paced up and dun o few t ime sin silence bute heis eyes gletor fiverishly and e hiss lefes quebered as he begain speaking
	layer_6: he paced up and dumn a few time sin silence but  his eys gleater fivrishly and  his lefs quebered asi began speaking
	layer_8: he paced up and down a few times sin silence but his eyes gleater fevorishly and the hiss levfs quivered as he began speaking
	layer_10: he paced up and domnb a few times in silence but his eyes glitter feverishly andthe hised leaves quivered as he began speaking
	layer_12: he paced up and donb a few times in silence but his eyes glitter feverishly and the hissed leavs quivered as he began speaking

file: 1650-167613-0043.flac
expected: and when there was a war like this one it would be war
	layer_2: and the on theire was a or a like thes one it bea rour
	layer_4: and the en there wasa re a like this one itto be a rore
	layer_6: and the when there was ta lor like this one it pe a ror
	layer_8: and the when there was ta lor like this one itou be a roar
	layer_10: and win there was ta lor like this one itould be a roar
	layer_12: and whin there was ta lur like this one it woud be a roar

file: 1650-167613-0044.flac
expected: what is needed for success in warfare
	layer_2: whoan this mede the forceuccise in wr far
	layer_4: wa this neaded the forc succising wrefair
	layer_6: wal this needto eforc succising warfar
	layer_8: wa this needed afor succising warfare
	layer_10: wa this needed afore succising warfare
	layer_12: wa this needed affore succising warfare

file: 1650-167613-0045.flac
expected: and in spite of all this it is the highest class respected by everyone
	layer_2: an  u spyt ou f oul tis it is thehighes the cluss respackted the bo every orne
	layer_4: one uepitde elf ollo this it is thehigh es the class respected to by every one
	layer_6: an e ouse spite ol follo this it is the highest the closs respected to by every one
	layer_8: on the youse spite ill follow this it is the highest the closs respected to buy every one
	layer_10: on the youe spite i'll follow this it is the highest the clas respected to buy every one
	layer_12: on the youe spite i'll follow this it is the highest the class respected to buy every one

file: 1650-167613-0046.flac
expected: how does god above look at them and hear them
	layer_2: how dho scot a ba lok a bthem an a hear then
	layer_4: hodo scod abov lok a them and a her then
	layer_6: hado skud abov lok o them and  hear then
	layer_8: hodo skud abov lok o them and hear them
	layer_10: hodo skut a bav lok of them and hear them
	layer_12: hodo skut a bav loke of them and hear them

file: 1650-167613-0047.flac
expected: i see that i have begun to understand too much
	layer_2: i seeve that i have began to antheir steand tol muc
	layer_4: i seived that i have began to endter stand too much
	layer_6: i seved that i have began to enderstand too much
	layer_8: i seied that i halfe began to understand too much
	layer_10: i seeed that i half began to understand too much
	layer_12: i seeed that i half began to understand too much

file: 1650-167613-0048.flac
expected: and it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it's not for long he added
	layer_2: and the tosin dofor men of pcase of the tree of knowlese or goo d in heble a whel ai tisnow forlong he addit
	layer_4: and they dosen' to formant of castd of the tree of knowledge ore god in eable ah well it thisnowh four long he added
	layer_6: and the doezn' too for man ofe case of the tree of knowledge of goood andeble ah well it isnoth four long he added
	layer_8: and e dosent too for men to caste of the tree of knowledge of goood and evile ah well it is mote forelong he added
	layer_10: and a dozen too for men who taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it is mouth forlong he added
	layer_12: and a dozen too for men who taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it is mouth forlong he added

file: 1650-167613-0049.flac
expected: however you're sleepy and it's time for me to sleep
	layer_2: ho ever yourslollape and this timefor medosl
	layer_4: hoever yours lepy and this time for mejisle
	layer_6: however your sllepy antd this time for me jusleep
	layer_8: however your slepy ant this time for me to sleep
	layer_10: however your sleepy at this time for me to sleep
	layer_12: however your sleepy ad this time for me to sleep

file: 1650-167613-0050.flac
expected: go back to gorki said prince andrew suddenly
	layer_2: go back to gorcu saidthe prihis aenger o southely
	layer_4: go back to gorkhy said the princ ender o sudely
	layer_6: go back to gorkhi said the princeandro seuterly
	layer_8: go back to gorqky said the prince andro subtenly
	layer_10: go back to gorki said prince androw suthernly
	layer_12: go back to gorke said prince andrew suthernly

file: 1650-167613-0051.flac
expected: go go before a battle one must have one's sleep out repeated prince andrew
	layer_2: go gold before bat e one nmustuf on silli pioutf repid prins enge
	layer_4: go gold before badtle one tmustafo on solepowth repid prince ende
	layer_6: go gold before battled one must haver one salepoth repead brince andel
	layer_8: go gold before battle one must have one seleep oth repeaed prince andew
	layer_10: go gold before battle one must have one sleep houth repeated prince andrew
	layer_12: go gold before battle one must have one sleep houth repeated prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0052.flac
expected: no he does not want it pierre concluded
	layer_2: no he tues mowt wante psur comeclted
	layer_4: no he dthus not wantet pur concleded
	layer_6: no he dos melt wantet pure concluded
	layer_8: no he dos nolt want it pure concluded
	layer_10: no he does not want it pure concluded
	layer_12: no he does not want it pure concluded

file: 1650-167613-0053.flac
expected: and i know that this is our last meeting
	layer_2: and i knowdtothe tises a were las to metin
	layer_4: andi know o ther thisis or re last e meetin
	layer_6: and i know thather this is or were last o meeting
	layer_8: and i know that of this is ou were last o meet ing
	layer_10: and i know that of this is  were last to meeting
	layer_12: and i know that of this is a were last to meet ing

file: 1650-167613-0054.flac
expected: one picture succeeded another in his imagination
	layer_2: one picturslecceedi a notheir ese vagination
	layer_4: one piktsrurslicceidev an other enssed magination
	layer_6: one picture sluxcete an other enstered magination
	layer_8: one picture succetive another insered imagination
	layer_10: one picture succeedive another anteo imagination
	layer_12: one picture succeedive another anstod imagination

file: 1650-167613-0055.flac
expected: on one of them he dwelt long and joyfully
	layer_2: i wone o them he h had dels hlong and hae crfurd
	layer_4: i one not them he  dwls  long and e shwrefulid
	layer_6: i wone oft them he ha drowe long on he shurefllid
	layer_8: ie wone of them he had drwalts long on te shor flled
	layer_10: ye won of them he dwalts long on the shore frlet
	layer_12: bye won of them he dwals long on the shore flled

file: 6123-59150-0000.flac
expected: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epileptic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_2: this caret is get jronkal go mad rit jealoucy efoll inepolelectic fitcs alrave his stiricaly
	layer_4: his caractis get jrnk ill go mad with gealousy e fullinapolectic fits alrave his sterically
	layer_6: his characters get drunk oill go mad with jealousy wer fallin apolectic fits orl rave hysterically
	layer_8: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy for fall in nepolectic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_10: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in nepolectic fits orl rave hysterically
	layer_12: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in nepolectic fits or rave hysterically

file: 6123-59150-0001.flac
expected: if dostoevsky had had less vision he would have been strindberg
	layer_2: if thossare skey had had less vlision he wouldhae been stringer
	layer_4: if torsarski had had less vision he would hae been strinvorb
	layer_6: if dorsaski had had lesst vision he would have been strinverb
	layer_8: if doceroski had had less vision he would have been strinberg
	layer_10: if dorceski had had less vision he would have been strinverg
	layer_12: if dorceski had had less vision he would have been strinverg

file: 6123-59150-0002.flac
expected: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_2: lack them he as inof listo tortar
	layer_4: licke them he is inof list ere torture
	layer_6: lak them he is inervalistof torture
	layer_8: lacke them he is inevalist of torture
	layer_10: lacke them he is annovalest of torture
	layer_12: lake them he is annorvalest of torture

file: 6123-59150-0003.flac
expected: certainly the lust of cruelty the lust of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dostoevsky's men and women
	layer_2: serd im wi the lost of crelty belost o e struction vitistructian sake is the most condspeacuous of the deadly sens and dostars gis man and women
	layer_4: sertin with the last of crulty the lost te destruction vitistructions sake is the mose conspecuous of the deadly scins and dostas gis man ind women
	layer_6: certain with the last of cruelty thet lost a destruction vir distruction's sake is the most conspecuous of the deadly sins and dostaskis men and women
	layer_8: certainly the last of cruelty that last a destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in doste skis men and women
	layer_10: certainly the last of cruelty that lasts o destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in doeskis men and women
	layer_12: certainly the last of cruelty that lasts o destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in doseskis men and women

file: 6123-59150-0004.flac
expected: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_2: he may not the a cru aser
	layer_4: he may not the a cruewl ause
	layer_6: he may not te a cruel also
	layer_8: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_10: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_12: he may not be a cruel also

file: 6123-59150-0005.flac
expected: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniacal conflict
	layer_2: but they anever n bellance they aealwaysn dim an icao cuonftlegs
	layer_4: but they anever in ballance they are elways in diman ich ao quonfleigs
	layer_6: but they arenever inbalance they are always in demonicho quonflicts
	layer_8: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflicts
	layer_10: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflicts
	layer_12: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniical conflicts

file: 6123-59150-0006.flac
expected: even the lust is never or hardly ever the lust of a more or less sane man
	layer_2: even the lost his neverl hardly ove the lst of a more lest sane man
	layer_4: even the lost his neve  hadlyevo the lost of a more aless sane man
	layer_6: even theelost is neve o hardlyeve the lost of a more or less saine man
	layer_8: even the lost is never or hardly eval the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_10: even the lost is neve or hardlyeve the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_12: even the lost is niveh or hardlyeve the lost of a more or less sane man

file: 6123-59150-0007.flac
expected: dostoevsky could not have described the sin of nekhludov in resurrection
	layer_2: thessar skhee could not have the squrive the sn of nectlitofef in resirection
	layer_4: toesaysky could not have describe the sen of neclitovf in resirrection
	layer_6: dossaski could not have describe the soon of nechladolv in resirrection
	layer_8: doteski could not have described the soin of nekladov in resurrection
	layer_10: doseski could not have described the sin of nekhludoff in resurrection
	layer_12: doseski could not have described the sin of nekhludoff in resurrection

file: 6123-59150-0008.flac
expected: this is a madhouse cries some one in the idiot
	layer_2: this is a madheoulse cris som on intheitios
	layer_4: this is a madheouse crise some one indeitios
	layer_6: this is a madhouse cris some one in dheidious
	layer_8: this is a madhouse crys some one in theitias
	layer_10: this is a madhouse cries some one in theities
	layer_12: this is a madhouse cries some one in theities

file: 6123-59150-0009.flac
expected: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_2: whon result hadb this is an morta pliity oft action
	layer_4: on result of this is a moretoplicity of action
	layer_6: one result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_8: one result of this is a mortaplicity of action
	layer_10: one result of this is a mortaplicity of action
	layer_12: one result of this is a mortiplicity of action

file: 6123-59150-0010.flac
expected: even the talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_2: iven he ta is o vactioncs more tan a vy deas
	layer_4: even the talk his ovactions mor than o vydeas
	layer_6: even the talk is ol actions more than o videas
	layer_8: even the talk his olf actions more than of ideas
	layer_10: even the talk his of actions more than of ideas
	layer_12: even the talk his of actions more than of ideas

file: 6123-59150-0011.flac
expected: he sows violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_2: he sohs vilanddads not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_4: he sow is vilent dads not with the hand but with te suck
	layer_6: he saw his violent dads notwith the hand but with the suck
	layer_8: he saw his violent dades not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_10: he saw his violent dades not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_12: he saw his violent dades not with the hand but with the suck

file: 6123-59150-0012.flac
expected: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_2: but one had notesturing this los to days that the othr was wari the silvele wat h una yellod byd chane which a seims not to had see n on hun befor
	layer_4: but one had notece during this last to days that the other was wearing a syilveal watch on a yellow bed chain which is seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_6: but one had notice during this last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bad chain which hi seems not to have seen on hum before
	layer_8: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bad chain which it seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_10: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which it seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_12: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which it seems not to have seen on him before

file: 6123-59150-0013.flac
expected: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_2: he took ld nofh and when his friend od tend away he approsed imcoutiously from behind tookame tuned his eys heaven woods crosst hinsilf and praying firvently god forgivenli for criss sake
	layer_4: he took ha nife and when his friend a terned away he approrsed imcautiously from behind took ame turned his eyes heavenwoaods crossed himself and praying fervantly god forgive me foa cris sake
	layer_6: he took a knife and when his friend ta turned away he approched him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for crist sake
	layer_8: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwaards crossed himself and praying fervrently god forgive me for christs sake
	layer_10: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_12: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake

file: 6123-59150-0014.flac
expected: he never paints everyman he always projects dostoevsky or a nightmare of dostoevsky
	layer_2: e never pains everymen healways projext stous trvesky or a not meiro dost hve sky
	layer_4: he never paints every man he always projects thostave ski or a not marif dusto haveskiy
	layer_6: he never paints every man he always projects dostevski or ae noght marof dostaevski
	layer_8: he never paints every man he always projects dostaevski or a knight marodostaevski
	layer_10: he never paints every man he always projects dostaevski or a knightmaridostaevsky
	layer_12: he never paints every man he always projects dostayevski or a nightmeridostaevski

file: 6123-59150-0015.flac
expected: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenina or fathers and sons
	layer_2: that is wie crimin punistiment belongs to a lowerrange ef fiction than anicaerenina o fathers an surns
	layer_4: that is wi crimonpunishment telungsto a lowerrange offiction than anicarentena or father's and suns
	layer_6: that is why crime an punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than enecarenino or fathers and sons
	layer_8: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anecarenina or father's and sons
	layer_10: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than annacerenina or fathers and sons
	layer_12: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than annacerenina or fathers and sons

file: 6123-59150-0016.flac
expected: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_2: we sim pethis andad ith the fercs the brevadow thetdaspair tat suxcceved the crim
	layer_4: we seimpathis indad with the fears the brevado tha despare that succeved the crime
	layer_6: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_8: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_10: we sympathize indeed with the fears the brivado the despair that succeeds the crime
	layer_12: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeeds the crime

file: 6123-59150-0017.flac
expected: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_2: he is a grotuske mad alive by sher emaginat haveentensity in pation
	layer_4: he his a greatesqu made elive by shuremaginatove intensity ian passion
	layer_6: he is a grotesque made alive by sher imaginative intensity an passion
	layer_8: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_10: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_12: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion

file: 6123-59150-0018.flac
expected: one does not grudge an artist an abnormal character or two
	layer_2: won oes not gridgenartes en avnombal carc yur o to
	layer_4: onedoes not gradgenartice ind ave norbl charactul to
	layer_6: one does not grageanartis ind avnorble character or two
	layer_8: one does not grudge an artis an abnorble character or two
	layer_10: one does not grudge an artists an abnorml character or two
	layer_12: one does not grudge an artist an abnormal character or two

file: 6123-59150-0019.flac
expected: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens invents comic grotesques
	layer_2: he envencsivitious gretes as dikens advence coiet gritests
	layer_4: he invense vicious greatests as dickens advence commit gritists
	layer_6: he invinse vicious gratests as dickons advents commict grattists
	layer_8: he invents vicious grotes as dickens advence comict gratists
	layer_10: he invents vicious grotesqus as dickens advente comic grattists
	layer_12: he invents vicious grotestes as dickens advence comic grattists

file: 6123-59150-0020.flac
expected: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_2: was very fond of haning caxts and burying them with greit seremany
	layer_4: was very fond of hanging cuts and bearying them with great ceremany
	layer_6: was very fond of hangying cuts and bearying them with great ceremony
	layer_8: was very fond of hangying cats and bearying them with great ceremony
	layer_10: was very fond of hanging cats and buarying them with great ceremony
	layer_12: was very fond of hanging cats and buarying them with great ceremony

file: 6123-59150-0021.flac
expected: as for the karamazovs themselves he portrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_2: as for the caramis oves themsolves he petrase the old father an the olderst of his sons haityn ach other and fighting lek breto maniex
	layer_4: as for the carimis oves them selves he petrais the old father ind the oldercet of his sons heting each other and fighting luke brutle maniec
	layer_6: as for the caramisove themselves he petrases the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutalmaniac
	layer_8: as for the karamasolves themselves he betrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_10: as for the karamazovs themselves he betrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_12: as for the karamazovs themselves he betrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs

file: 6123-59150-0022.flac
expected: serve him right shouted dmitri breathlessly
	layer_2: serve hm wright shouted  metu brestlesly
	layer_4: serve him wright shouded to metu brestlessly
	layer_6: serve him right shouted to metu breatlessly
	layer_8: serve him right shouted demitru breathlessly
	layer_10: serve him right shouted dmitriu breathlessly
	layer_12: serve him right shouted dmitriu breathlessly

file: 6123-59150-0023.flac
expected: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_2: if r havn't kilting arcome agan an kill him
	layer_4: if i havdn't killding or come again and kill him
	layer_6: if i hadn't killed hing or come again and kill him
	layer_8: if i havn't killed him 'l come again and kill him
	layer_10: if i haven't killed him or come again and kill him
	layer_12: if i haven't killed him or come again and kill him

file: 6123-59150-0024.flac
expected: it is easy to see why dostoevsky has become a popular author
	layer_2: its easy to se whi dousteard s gi has become e cokule aoter
	layer_4: it is easy to see whi des tere s gihas become a pocula auther
	layer_6: it is easy to see why dostheardski has become a popular author
	layer_8: it is easy to see why dusttetski has become a popular author
	layer_10: it is easy to see why dosietsky has become a popular author
	layer_12: it is easy to see why dosiertsky has become a popular author

file: 6123-59150-0025.flac
expected: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_2: no meledanitist evern pordout incidentupon the stage fron such a horn of plenty
	layer_4: no melageametist evr pored out incident upon the stage from such a horn of planty
	layer_6: no melogamatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_8: no melodamatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_10: no melodramatists ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_12: no melodramatists ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty

file: 6123-59150-0026.flac
expected: dostoevsky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_2: tustarscis always ready to showsthe moll lin at one
	layer_4: dostaaskhiys always rady to show he all linat once
	layer_6: dostaskis always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_8: dosteskiis always ready to show them all an at once
	layer_10: dostersky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_12: dostersky is always ready to show them all in at once

file: 6123-59150-0027.flac
expected: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general epanchin prince s adelaida ivanovna lizaveta prokofyevna yevgeny pavlovitch radomsky princess byelokonsky aglaia prince myshkin kolya ivolgin ippolit varya ferdyshchenko nastasya filippovna nina alexandrovna ganya ptitsyn and general ivolgin
	layer_2: un two oposit pagers of the itior on finds the folowin tlaractes brogtin by name general opachiin prince es at a laiydar eve novnar lisivetter procalfhe adna y hve gany pove lov ith redon' sky princessperl acuoncsky a glayr princemishkcan colyur evolgen ipalelit va ferdis shenke nistausi pilopovnar nena elat's enjoter gona titen an genera ivogen
	layer_4: on two opposite pagers of the idiot one fines the followenclaractis broughtin by name general aparntion prince ess at elaider evenovne lizavetter procophiardne he have ganny pevlovitch redonskiy princess bierloquonsky a glaya prince mishcan coliar evogan ipolit vala fardi chenqer nestace piapovne nena elex'sengovne gonia tistan and general i ogen
	layer_6: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following charact irs brought in by name general aparncion prince ss at allade ivanovna lizevetter procophidna he have geinni pavlovich redonski princess beelakonski a gleer prince mishkin colir evolgan ipulit valyo fair dih shenpe nestarco pilapovna ninar elexangovna gonia tistin ene general evogan
	layer_8: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apanciin prince s edilayda ivanovna lizabetta procofhievna v geni pavlovitch redonski princess pirelokonski e glaya prince mishkin cali evolgan ipolyd valya fedeschenku nistacy pelopovna nina alexanjovna gonya tistin n general ivolgan
	layer_10: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general lapanchiin prince s edileda ivanovna lizavetta prokofeevna yvgeni pavlovitch redonski princess pielakonski erglaya prince mishkin kolyar ivolgan ippolid vaya fedichenku nistasier feilipovna nina alexandrovna gona tistin nn general ivolgan
	layer_12: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general lapanchiin prince s edileda ivanovna lizavetta prokofeevna hyevgeni pavlovitch redonski princess perelakonski erglaya prince mischkin callya ivolgan ippolyd vaya fedichenku nistasier felipovna nina alexandrovna gona tiztin enn general ivolgan

file: 6123-59150-0028.flac
expected: but the secret of dostoevsky's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_2: but the sa cruldhof dusteare sgais appel is somting more than the mosticut an threele of hi s inidencse en caracters
	layer_4: but the secret af doster sgis appeel is something more than the mostitute and threel of his incidence and characters
	layer_6: but the secret of dosteer skis appeal is something more than the mulstitude and thrill of his incidente and characters
	layer_8: but the secret of dostev ski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_10: but the secret of dosteeski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_12: but the secret of dosteevsky's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters

file: 6123-59150-0029.flac
expected: mister murry boldly faces the difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_2: mistermarbodly faces idifiqpuaty and attempstederfeinition
	layer_4: mister maribodly faces e diffiquaty ind attemps the definition
	layer_6: mister marri boldly faces are diffiquity and attemps to defeoinition
	layer_8: mister murry boldlyw faces if difficulty and attempts a definition
	layer_10: mister murri boldly faces e difficulty and attempts a definition
	layer_12: mister murri boldly faces a difficulty and attempts a definition

file: 6123-59150-0030.flac
expected: to him dostoevsky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_2: to him tostirskis work is the recorthof a great min seking for a way ofd li it is more shan a reckurt of a strugle it is e strugle it self
	layer_4: to him tostrs is work is the record of a great mind seeking for away of life it is more than a recort of a struggle it is testruggle itself
	layer_6: to him dostesqkhis work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a recort of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_8: to him doseski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is to struggle itself
	layer_10: to him doseski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is to struggle itself
	layer_12: to him dosesky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is to struggle itself

file: 6123-59150-0031.flac
expected: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness
	layer_2: and thos voices take shap ancertian unfoigetable frguens of di log thet have eien spoken by one spirit to another in some ogly men taven sartain suroaunding darkness
	layer_4: and those voices take shap incertain unforgetable fraguence of diloge that have been spokened by one spirit to another in some ugly mea n taven ceartain surrounding darkness
	layer_6: and those voices take sape in certain unforgetable fragments of dialoge that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mea n tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_8: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialoge that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_10: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_12: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness

file: 6123-59150-0032.flac
expected: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_2: oltimately they othe creation s not rm a man whe desiede tuod be but of a spirit which sout to no
	layer_4: ultimately they are ther creations not im a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sort to kno
	layer_6: ultimately they are ther creations not a a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sougt to know
	layer_8: ultimately they are the creations not ofn a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_10: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_12: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know

file: 6123-59150-0033.flac
expected: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_2: be caussar possesst they ano longof manand women
	layer_4: becausesae possessed they are no longer man and women
	layer_6: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_8: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_10: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_12: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women

file: 6123-59150-0034.flac
expected: this is all in a measure true
	layer_2: this is al in a measr tu
	layer_4: this is all in ameasur true
	layer_6: this is all in a measure true
	layer_8: this is all in a measure true
	layer_10: this is all in a measure true
	layer_12: this is all in a measure true

file: 6123-59150-0035.flac
expected: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dostoevsky's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_2: to sa theis is not todeni the spirch a content of dos tey rs is work the enguish of the inprison soulas at botls wit tout an do nilan di spair
	layer_4: to say thes is not to denyre the spirt ae content of dosthesc his work the anguish of the imprison soul as at bottles with dout and teniale ind despar
	layer_6: to say this is not to deny the spiritar qontent of dostaiskhis work the anguish of the imprison soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_8: to say this is not to deny the spirita content of dosteeski's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_10: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dosteeski's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_12: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dosteeski's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair

file: 6123-59150-0036.flac
expected: there is in dostoevsky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than setebos
	layer_2: thereas an dossay rsky asuggestion of caleben tryingd ted iscover some bette god than sto tabos
	layer_4: ther eas in duseesky a suggestion of caluban tryngtod iscover some better god than sto tabos
	layer_6: there is in doseesky a suggestion of calouban trying to discover some better gord than stetavos
	layer_8: there is in doseeski a suggestion of calibain trying to discover some better goad than setabos
	layer_10: there is in doceesky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better gad than setebos
	layer_12: there is in dolceesky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better gad than setebos

file: 6123-59150-0037.flac
expected: the ultimate attitude of dostoevsky is as christian as the apostle peter's lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_2: the ol toman atdituated dustsky is as christion as the apposl petecs lort a telave helpt theu myd um belief
	layer_4: the altemante aditudeof dostaosky is as christion is the appossal petes lord i beleve helpd thou mi n un belief
	layer_6: the ultimate attitude of dostaoski is as christian as the apossal peters lord i believe helped thou mine un belief
	layer_8: the ultimate attitude of dostaeski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe helpe thou mine unbelief
	layer_10: the ultimate attitude of dosaeski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_12: the ultimate attitude of dosaeski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief

file: 6123-59150-0038.flac
expected: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dostoevsky still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_2: and beyong the dark nat av sofer i and disappating the night thustir ski stillsese the light of christhing compassion
	layer_4: and beyongd the darkniuht hof sufering and disipating the night thustarsky still sese the light of christiing compassion
	layer_6: and beyond the dark night of suffering and discipating the night dastairski still seizsd the light of christian compassion
	layer_8: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dasteski still sesed the light of christian compassion
	layer_10: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dasesky still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_12: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dasersky still sees the light of christian compassion

file: 6123-59150-0039.flac
expected: or even by the compassion of others like prince myshkin in the idiot
	layer_2: or ive vby the compasion of othes lac princemiskan in the idias
	layer_4: the reaven by the compassion of others lik prince miscan in the ideat
	layer_6: thee aven by the compassion of others like prince miskin in the idiot
	layer_8: theowe even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot
	layer_10: thowre even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot
	layer_12: thore even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot

file: 6123-59150-0040.flac
expected: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_2: his work oluckhis face thes the mark of this terible contlet
	layer_4: his work luck his face thas the mak of this terrible comflict
	layer_6: his work lik his face thers the mok of this terrible conflit
	layer_8: his work like his face teres the mork of this terrible conflict
	layer_10: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_12: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict

file: 6123-59150-0041.flac
expected: the novels are the perfect image of the man
	layer_2: the not ls of the prfect emegeet the man
	layer_4: the nouvls of the perfect imaget the man
	layer_6: the novels of the perfect imagite the man
	layer_8: the novels ore the perfect imagi if the man
	layer_10: the novels are the perfect image of the man
	layer_12: the novels are the perfect image of the man

file: 6123-59150-0042.flac
expected: as to the man himself the vicomte de voguee described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_2: as so the man himself the ecomtediv l gay descuriedt him is he sawrkhin in the las ears of his life
	layer_4: as to the man himself the vecomtodivvilgay described him as his saw him in the last ears of his life
	layer_6: as to the man himself the vicomtedivalgay described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_8: as to the man himself the vicomtte de volge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_10: as to the man himself the vicomte de volgety described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_12: as to the man himself the vicomtee de volget described him as he saw him in the last years of his life

file: 6123-59150-0043.flac
expected: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_2: when he begam excited on ae setain point hon could ave sworn that one ad sening befor setoda a bention appolacecot a waiting ctril or a mong bagga blonce y posd thei time begging before the prisen dos
	layer_4: when he begame excited on a setain point when could have sworn that one had sening before seted on abention ta policedcourt awaiting tril or among bagablonce e poss their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_6: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seening before seated on a bension a police court awaiting trial or among bagablonce he passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_8: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagablons who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_10: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among bagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_12: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors

file: 6123-59150-0044.flac
expected: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old slavonic saints
	layer_2: aitd allovther times whe carry that look of srd and gentl mekness sane on the miages of oldcste vont ix canes
	layer_4: atd all o the times he curryed that look of sard and gentle mekness seen on the images o oldsthe vonixcains
	layer_6: at all o ther times who curried that look of sird and gentle meekness seent on the images of olds tevonic saints
	layer_8: at all other times whe carried that look obsurd and gentle meekness seen on the images of old stdevonic saints
	layer_10: at all other times he carried that look obsurd and gentle meekness sceen on the images of old stavonic saints
	layer_12: at all other times he carried that look obsurd and gentle meekness sceen on the images of old stavonic saints

file: 6123-59150-0045.flac
expected: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind dostoevsky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_2: thars s upportud of the man one sezed the hind u seircscis nols epporth it one might l mo s havin fired from the nobls
	layer_4: tha sapportud of the man one says the hind dosas i's novels apportite one might almos hav in fied from the novls
	layer_6: that is a portrad of the man one ses the hind dosthar sces novls a portrit one might almost have infered from the novles
	layer_8: that is a portrait of the man one sees bhehind dostavska's novels a portrait one might almost have infered from the novels
	layer_10: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind dostesky's knovels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_12: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind dostesky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels

file: 6123-59150-0046.flac
expected: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_2: it is a pege that it once fasinates endre pes
	layer_4: it is a figar that it once fasinates indrepels
	layer_6: it is a figure that it once facinates and repels
	layer_8: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repels
	layer_10: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repels
	layer_12: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repels

file: 6123-59186-0000.flac
expected: he is not by temperament a singer
	layer_2: he is not by temperemend te singer
	layer_4: he is not by tempromen to singar
	layer_6: he is not by temperament to singear
	layer_8: he is not by temperament to singer
	layer_10: he is not by temperament o singer
	layer_12: he is not by temperament o singer

file: 6123-59186-0001.flac
expected: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and storm
	layer_2: hi's marsicus e stilsmolf oice unedenly match togains his consciousness of midnoit an sto
	layer_4: hei's marsic is a still smollfvoice unevenly mached against his consciousness of midnoth and staoll
	layer_6: his musich is a still small voice univenly matched against his consciousness of midnite and stol
	layer_8: heis music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnigh and stole
	layer_10: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stole
	layer_12: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stole

file: 6123-59186-0002.flac
expected: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_2: trut to tel misther hardy s neai the sufficiently oureticulit norsofpicientlyt fecitious to be a great poet
	layer_4: truth tho tell mister harty is near the sufficiently articulat nor sufficiently fa stidious to be a great poet
	layer_6: truth to tell mister hardyis neair ther sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fatidious to be a great poet
	layer_8: truth to tell mister hardi is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_10: truth to tell mister hardi is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_12: truth to tell mister hardie is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet

file: 6123-59186-0003.flac
expected: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_2: he des not express lif easirly in batifr word sor an emiges
	layer_4: he does not expressed life esirly in beautifl words re an images
	layer_6: he does not expressed life easily in beautiful words ore an images
	layer_8: he does not express life easily in beautiful words ar in images
	layer_10: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_12: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images

file: 6123-59186-0004.flac
expected: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_2: thu s he wright seen i tfound her outter of one who
	layer_4: thuls he wrigt seen i found her outther of one who
	layer_6: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_8: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_10: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_12: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who

file: 6123-59186-0005.flac
expected: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic exaggeration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_2: the could not  n uglyand mle presa acoudsuduration thans comtaind in the amagein te last lon
	layer_4: the could not be an ugli and malrl presea could suderation thanmse contained in the image in the last lin
	layer_6: there could not be an uglir and morel presei could saduration the ce contained in the image in the last line
	layer_8: there could not be an uglir and more prosaircould saduration than s contained in the image in the last line
	layer_10: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic cood saduration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_12: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic cood saduration than is contained in the image in the last line

file: 6123-59186-0006.flac
expected: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_2: and prosin jueds in the ts of words as wellars an emiges
	layer_4: and prosen druedes in the tose of words as well as and images
	layer_6: and prosan truds in the tose of words as well as in images
	layer_8: and prosiin trudes in the thice of words as well as in images
	layer_10: and prosiin trudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_12: and prosein trudes in the choice of words as well as in images

file: 6123-59186-0007.flac
expected: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_2: take for xempln the ese the word domusiltd in the passage in the same polm aber
	layer_4: take for example the use athe word doasild in the passage in the same pom abeut
	layer_6: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same polem about
	layer_8: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage ind the same poem about
	layer_10: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_12: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about

file: 6123-59186-0008.flac
expected: when we as strangers sought their catering care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_2: when we strangeers sought their cater in car veold smiles be spok ther thourghte of what we wer
	layer_4: when we as strangers sourght their cater in care vaold smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_6: when we has stranges sought their katerin care vailed smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_8: when we hoe strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_10: when we whos strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_12: when we who strangers sought their cater in care veild smiles bespoke their thought of what we were

file: 6123-59186-0009.flac
expected: catering care is an appalling phrase
	layer_2: catering care s and a palling fras
	layer_4: cattering care is in a palling fhrase
	layer_6: katering care is in a ppalling phrase
	layer_8: katering care is an appalling fhrase
	layer_10: katerin care is an appalling phrase
	layer_12: katerin care is an appalling phrase

file: 6123-59186-0010.flac
expected: is a line of good poetry
	layer_2: is a lin of caopulety
	layer_4: is aline of goldpolerty
	layer_6: is a line of good polety
	layer_8: is a line of good polety
	layer_10: is a line of good poleoty
	layer_12: is a line of good polety

file: 6123-59186-0011.flac
expected: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet less for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that high compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope hour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_2: yoe did not come and maching time eon and walre me nom yet los fa loss t o you dea presence their then thet ae tusfand lucking inyour make that hih compassion which canovehr eir we loctance fte pu loving kinnes sake greave di when is the ho bou strotdid some hye did not come
	layer_4: you did not come and marching time dew on an wal me nom yet los fholose of your dear presence there then that i thus fand lucking in your make that highr compassion which can over bere re luctance fo pu loving kindness sake grive d ie when is the hopeou a stroped it sume you did not come
	layer_6: yo did not come and marching time drew on and war my numb yet losst fhor losst of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that highr compassion which can overbere reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grievedie when is the hopeors stroked it som you did not come
	layer_8: you did not come and marching time drew on and warme numb yet losst for losst of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which canoverbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved ie when as the hopouer stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_10: you did not come and marching time drew on and warme numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that a thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hopbour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_12: you did not come and marching time drew on and warme numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hopour stroked its sum you did not come

file: 6123-59186-0012.flac
expected: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases like in your make and as the hope hour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_2: there hin s of the gran stil of lyrit poatry in thes linds but fras es luck inyoul make and as the hope oula strctid some a dischos thet prat tumbling to the livles of it tory and commantlace
	layer_4: ther a hinte of the grand style of liric poetry in these lines but fhraises luck in youl make and as the hope oli stroked it sum a discors that briat tumbling to the levels of ictori and commontlace
	layer_6: there arehints of the grand style of liric poetry in these lines but phrases lucke inyour make and as the hope olre stroked it sum ar discordes that bringt tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_8: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but fhrases lucke in your make and as the hope or stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_10: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but frasers luke in your make and as the hopeour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_12: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but frasers lucke in your make and as the hopeour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace

file: 6123-59186-0013.flac
expected: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_2: he hase al temperiment sensitavt beyoun that of obut aferatant rites to the pain impasion of humand bens
	layer_4: he has a tempermente sensitive beyon thout of obut a furacent rites to the pain impassion of human bengs
	layer_6: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a furecent writes to the pain in passion of human bengs
	layer_8: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_10: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_12: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings

file: 6123-59186-0014.flac
expected: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late cristina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue and the bust to name a few
	layer_2: mon cand remember pallm of to pallm of his with he stame that might asily havesrvds for mis ter hardty two late cresteno the lost mistress the last rid together thestetcshu in the bust to name af few
	layer_4: one can remember pal of ter palm of his with a theme that might easily have serves for mister harty two late christener the luost mistress the last ride together the stattu in the bust to name a few
	layer_6: one can remember palm after polm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister harty two late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the stature in the bust to name a few
	layer_8: one can remember polm after polm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few
	layer_10: one can remember palm after palm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few
	layer_12: one can remember palm after palm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few

file: 6123-59186-0015.flac
expected: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_2: but whot i sene of chiump theire is and brownin's thigeities
	layer_4: but what a sence of chiump there is and brownings thragedies
	layer_6: but what a sense of chiump there is in brownings tragedis
	layer_8: but what a sense of chiumph there is in brownin's tragedies
	layer_10: but what a sense of triumph there is in brownineg's tragedies
	layer_12: but what a sense of triumph there is in brownine's tragedies

file: 6123-59186-0016.flac
expected: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_2: his world as a plac of opulaente notr povity
	layer_4: his welld as a place of or pulence not opovety
	layer_6: his world is a placeof opulence not of poverty
	layer_8: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_10: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_12: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty

file: 6123-59186-0017.flac
expected: to have loved even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_2: to have luebdlevdein for an halu is with brawnning to live forever afhter in henheritencs o e mityachevdment
	layer_4: to have lob leden for an hor is with brownning to lived forever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_6: to have lovbe liven for an hour is with brownding to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighti achievement
	layer_8: to have loved liven for an hour is withbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_10: to have loved even for an hour is wirthbrowning to live forever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_12: to have loved even for an hour is wothbrowning to live forever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement

file: 6123-59186-0018.flac
expected: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_2: t av loed fr an hour isind miste hirdes amengination to hab dapened the sadness even more thn the beaty of once memoris
	layer_4: to have loge for an hour is and mister hirdis i agination to have dapened de sadness even more than the beauty of on's memorieus
	layer_6: to have loved for an hour is in mister heardi's imagination to have depen the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_8: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_10: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_12: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories

file: 6123-59186-0019.flac
expected: for then i undistrest by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_2: for then ei undistresst by hearts gong cald to me could lonly wrait my and des rest with ha cuenimity
	layer_4: for then i undistressd by hearts grong caled to me could leanly wrat my endles rest with ar cuinimity
	layer_6: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cald to me could lonly wrate my endlerss rest with ther quanimity
	layer_8: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wrate my endless rest with their quanimity
	layer_10: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wate my endless rest with their quanimity
	layer_12: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wate my endless rest with their quanimity

file: 6123-59186-0020.flac
expected: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragile frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_2: but time to make me greve pat stills lets part o bied and shakes this fejel fram t eve withrobings of nentd
	layer_4: but time to make me grieve part stills let's parti bide and shakes this fedo fram at eave with throbbings of nowntid
	layer_6: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fajo frame at evh with throbbings of noontide
	layer_8: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part abide and shakes this fragole frame ant eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_10: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragele frame ant eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_12: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragele frame at eve with throbbings of noontide

file: 6123-59186-0021.flac
expected: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen
	layer_2: and despirs by no mans taunthaenct in ward his berhaps the mosther tracty o a myste hirdhis pans the okson
	layer_4: and despairis by no means trionphant in wad is perhaps the most attractive of allmister harr is poms the oxson
	layer_6: and despairis by no means triumphants in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister had is palems the yoxen
	layer_8: and despair isd by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hader's poms theoxen
	layer_10: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hyde's polems the oxen
	layer_12: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hyder's polems the oxen

file: 6123-59186-0022.flac
expected: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their strawy pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_2: you picteuld tha meke mile creches whar they drelt ton this tdory pan no dedit he par to one of ust ther to doubt ther hwe nealing then
	layer_4: you piture the meak mile creatense where they drel in this dory pen nor did it apperto one of os there to doubt there were neaeling themn
	layer_6: yeu pictured the miek miled creatres where they drilt in their s tory pen nor did it apper to one of usthere to dourbt theye were kneeling then
	layer_8: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in thei story pen nor did it appur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_10: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwealt in their story pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_12: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwealt in their story pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then

file: 6123-59186-0023.flac
expected: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_2: the mater fath hellivle arrather of de lik in the memoery or faith is not miste hird his prevailin mod
	layer_4: the muder faith however or rather of delighte in the memoryher faith is not mister hird is prevailing mod
	layer_6: the moodo faith however or rather of delight in the memory er faith is not mister heardi's prevailing mood
	layer_8: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_10: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardey's prevailing mood
	layer_12: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister haddy's prevailing mood

file: 6123-59186-0024.flac
expected: he can enter upon a war without ironical doubts as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_2: he can ente upun a wal wi thout erany qwuld dxs has we se in the som men he mouch ha way
	layer_4: he can entor r upont a wal withthoaut irunicqould doks as wes see in the sun men he mauhch away
	layer_6: he can enter upon a wal without ironicd docks as we see in the sume men ho marchd away
	layer_8: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the sume men ho march away
	layer_10: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the sum men who march away
	layer_12: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the sum men who march away

file: 6123-59186-0025.flac
expected: how long he cries in a poem written some years ago
	layer_2: hewr long he crie in apom writen some meusago
	layer_4: how long he cridse in a pon rittand someeas ago
	layer_6: how long he cries in a pon written some yeas ago
	layer_8: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago
	layer_10: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago
	layer_12: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago

file: 6123-59186-0026.flac
expected: when shall the saner softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism grown godlike scorn to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_2: when s o the sana softe pullites were o wi jame have sway inach prowd land and paturaldt his im groon godleck scong te sdend on slaved to relms but secal arth tand seves
	layer_4: when ct o the sana suftev polities were awe dream have sway in each proud land and patred is em growng godlick scon ostand bon slave a relms but circle earth and seaves
	layer_6: when shall the saner softer polities whereil we dream have sway in each proud land and patritism growing godluck scorned to stand bond slave to realms but circl earth and seas
	layer_8: when shall the sane's softer polities whereell we dream have sway in each proud land and patritism growing godluck scorned to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_10: when shall the sana's softer polities whereall we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlucke scorned to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_12: when shall the sana's softer polities whereall we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlucke scorned to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas

file: 6123-59186-0027.flac
expected: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relatives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_2: but perhaps his carecterestig aticheed to wars to be found not in lins luk kes but in that melancolly pome the sols ofs the slaine in which the sos of the dod solges reternto thei country and question a seenieour soflaim wais te ha their friens and relites havf kept thei douty dads in he memberance
	layer_4: but perhaps his choaracterustic atitud to wars to be found not in lines like thes but in that melancholy pom the souls of the slan in which the soulves of the ded soldies returnd to thir country and question a seniau sol flam wasto how their friends and relities hav kept their doubty daeds in rememberance
	layer_6: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholypoem the souls of the slain in which the soulves of the dead soldiers returnd to their country and question e segnia sou flame was to how their friends and relaties have kept their doubty dads in remembrance
	layer_8: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country in questiond asenias soul flame was to how their friends in relities have kept their doughtye dades in remembrance
	layer_10: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and questiond a segniors sol flame was to how their friends and relatives have kept their doughty dades in remembrance
	layer_12: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and questiond asegnior sol flame was to how their friends and relaties have kept their doughty dades in remembrance

file: 6123-59186-0028.flac
expected: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_2: and generl hew hod out e sweet hearts swon arl ais does
	layer_4: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn lil as duves
	layer_6: an general how hold out our sweethearts sworn lyl as doves
	layer_8: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyl as doves
	layer_10: in general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_12: an general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves

file: 6123-59186-0029.flac
expected: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_2: some ficland fleat hearts a foundthe newloes
	layer_4: some ficle and fleethearts afound the newloves
	layer_6: some fickle an fleet hearts a found them new loves
	layer_8: some fickle in fleet harts have found them new loavs
	layer_10: some fickle in fleet harts have found them new loavs
	layer_12: some fickle in fleet harts have found them new loaves

file: 6123-59186-0030.flac
expected: and our wives quoth another resignedly dwell they on our deeds
	layer_2: and i wis quithen other resunedly dul an odeu
	layer_4: and i wives quith an other resunedly dul tey on oudeeds
	layer_6: and our wives quith another resignedly dol dhey on our deds
	layer_8: and our wives quoh another resoiugnedly do they on our deeds
	layer_10: and our wives quoth another resignedly dole they on our deeds
	layer_12: and our wives quoth another resignedly dul they on our deeds

file: 6123-59186-0031.flac
expected: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_2: ous te hidy has toa bit heracens of reality to beled much in the glory of a
	layer_4: is the hardy has too biter assense of reality to believde much in the glory of al
	layer_6: yus te harhdi has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_8: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_10: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_12: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war

file: 6123-59186-0032.flac
expected: the real world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_2: the ererwel to mister hardy is the wod of andtient human things in which wae has come to by hitious erelivence
	layer_4: the reawol to mister harty is the wold of entient human things in which waow has come to be  hidious yrelevance
	layer_6: the reare worle to mister hearty is the wrorad of encient human things in which war has come to be a hideous ir elevance
	layer_8: the rereworld to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irelevance
	layer_10: the rear world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevence
	layer_12: the rear world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevence

file: 6123-59186-0033.flac
expected: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's poems about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_2: iamaby throght un the oer heand that mis te hird is pons boaut wal an nomore expressiv of chrudgi ftulity that his pons about love
	layer_4: it maybe thought on the over hend that mister hardis pons about wall a nomore expressive of tragict futility that his pons about love
	layer_6: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardes poens about wall a no more expressive of tragic futility that his polns about love
	layer_8: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hards ponds about wall are no more expressive of tragic futility than his ponds about love
	layer_10: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hade's pons about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poms about love
	layer_12: it may be thought on the other hand that mister harde's polns about warl are no more expressive of tragic futility than his polms about love

file: 6123-59186-0034.flac
expected: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both
	layer_2: hetilwite an fostrotion a ever recaury thems and both
	layer_4: fhetilwity anfrustation aever recary themes an both
	layer_6: futility and frustration nare ever requary themes in both
	layer_8: futility and frustration are ever requuring themes in both
	layer_10: futility and frustration are ever requiring themes in both
	layer_12: futility and frustration are ever requiring themes in both

file: 6123-59186-0035.flac
expected: his lovers like his soldiers rot in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_2: his lovers leck his solgies routing the groed de feted of their gory
	layer_4: his lovers lick his soldies rotin the grad defeted of their gory
	layer_6: his lovers like his soldiers wrotting the gree defeated of their gory
	layer_8: his lovers like his soldiers rotting the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_10: his lovers like his soldiers rott in the grae defeated of their glory
	layer_12: his lovers like his soldiers rott in the grave defeated of their glory

file: 6123-59186-0036.flac
expected: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_2: leveas ar always sevr brothinlife antindeh
	layer_4: love ers are always seved broth in life and indeth
	layer_6: lovers are always severed broth in life and in death
	layer_8: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_10: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_12: lovers are always severed both in life and in death

file: 6123-59186-0037.flac
expected: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_2: in be on dhe last tanp we have the same monfuor cry o the severence
	layer_4: in beondhelast thamk we have the same mornful cri ovher severence
	layer_6: in beyondher last tamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_8: in beyond the last tamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_10: in beyond the last stamp we had the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_12: in beyond the last stamp we had the same mournful cry over severance

file: 6123-59186-0038.flac
expected: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal on to yours one robin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_2: no shae of pinycu a tre of tow while ertheng jis wefore and my mound and bithin theae stel un t ys hon wroben never hort a two gren covecos
	layer_4: no shade of pinicl ae tree o tower while earthanjes well forlin my mound and within the oua stel un t yors one roban never haurnt a two green covertues
	layer_6: no shade of pinnico o tree or tower while earth in jars will fall in my mound and within the hour stilel unto yours one roben never haunt our two green coverateres
	layer_8: no shade of pinnacle oar tree or tower while earth enjurs will fall on my mound and within the hour still unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covertires
	layer_10: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour still unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures
	layer_12: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour stell unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures

file: 6123-59186-0039.flac
expected: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_2: they brin as face to face with an expirance intense than a oen
	layer_4: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than ou own
	layer_6: they bring us faced to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_8: they bring us face to face with an experienced intenser than our own
	layer_10: they bring us face to face with an experienced intenser than our own
	layer_12: they bring us face to face with an experienced intenser than our own

file: 6123-59186-0040.flac
expected: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corpse like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullest of dull hued days
	layer_2: nogthing ho tinious wrth hove i roght ponded pland no om thing asking blaml pras sis the parl cok oc birth of thistarnal unet baring blenksinal its ras dellist of dell he days
	layer_4: nothing of tineous worth hove i roughtuupondered pland no un thing asking blamal prais since the pale courk s ie birth of thestyrenal unit bearing blank sinal its rays dullost of dulhured days
	layer_6: nothing of tinies worth have i wrought uponded planned no one thing asking blame ol praise since the pal caurk like birth of this dinal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dulest of dullhuroed dayse
	layer_8: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pel corks like birth of this dinal unit bearing blanks in all its rayse dullest of dullhured dayse
	layer_10: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal corx like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rayise dullest of dull hued dayse
	layer_12: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal corx like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rayise dullest of dull hued dayse

file: 4153-186223-0000.flac
expected: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_2: in an coner of the litlroom can it fobs squwatrd upone a beng with an emty pin boks hasd carlesly in his lap
	layer_4: in bon coner of the little room can it forbs squarted upon a bench with an ampty pine boxs hasd carelesly in his lap
	layer_6: in one cornner of the little room cenneth forbes squattered upon a bench with an empty pine box had carelessly in his lap
	layer_8: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box hed carelessly in his lap
	layer_10: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box hed carelessly in his lap
	layer_12: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box head carelessly in his lap

file: 4153-186223-0001.flac
expected: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pencil but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_2: why dounkin woroked the boy was busy with his pence but nei ther ha spoken for a tese a haf ar
	layer_4: whil dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pensed but neither had spoken for atleesed a harlf ar
	layer_6: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his penses but neither had spoken for at leased a half r
	layer_8: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pensies but neither had spoken for t lease a half hourt
	layer_10: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his fences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_12: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his fences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour

file: 4153-186223-0002.flac
expected: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_2: then rieding sloly up the head  bodod drod histrubbers one more asal him and he andert of there was not somet wat upon the brod at to which he could fli fror etiment und te the grs had left ean must frcood
	layer_4: then riring slwly up the headtpordou road his trubers onces more a sailed him and he wondered of there was not somes pat upon the broaud at to which he could fly or aetiament untl the girlds had left elmust for good
	layer_6: then wriding slowly up the headepotder road his trubbls once moe a sail him and he wonded if there was not somesporht upon the broad urt to which he could fly for a tient until the girls had left elmust for good
	layer_8: then riding slowly up the headespotdered road his strubbles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tyrmant until the girls had left elmust for good
	layer_10: then riding slowly up the hedge spottered road his troubbles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tyrwant until the girls had left elmhust for good
	layer_12: then riding slowly up the hedge spottered road his troubbles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tyrwant until the girls had left elhurst for good

file: 4153-186223-0003.flac
expected: nora shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him
	layer_2: no rar shide and he looked apto hiscovher lhat he had mernly run down o i destiin astouedlat the man with a bandlunder his om who head up one hand as iftr wre est hi
	layer_4: nor raushide and he loked up to discover that he had nerly run down of pidestian a stout little man with a bundleunder his arm who heald up one hand as if to wardest him
	layer_6: nor ah shide and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to warrestim
	layer_8: norah shid and he looked up to discover that he had nearely run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to warrest him
	layer_10: norah shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him
	layer_12: norah shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him

file: 4153-186223-0004.flac
expected: where do you want to go asked the boy
	layer_2: werhou manto gal asked the boy
	layer_4: wherrhe wont to gall asked the boy
	layer_6: wher y want to all asked the boy
	layer_8: where do you want to gall asked the boy
	layer_10: where do you want to gall asked the boy
	layer_12: where do you want to gall asked the boy

file: 4153-186223-0005.flac
expected: then it's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_2: thet is the same jain his eer he lespinded wrth he shake of his grusitetd had
	layer_4: thet is the same jane his ever he lesponded with tha shake of his grisiled head
	layer_6: that is the same jane as ever he responded with the shake of his grizzled head
	layer_8: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_10: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_12: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head

file: 4153-186223-0006.flac
expected: do you know i sort o hoped she'd reformed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_2: dhe ono i san a horps she te form and i' beakgladase her agaim thet e me sh's gov money
	layer_4: theyou kno i smht a horps sheepd to formed and i'd beak lad as e her again thetail me she's gofe money
	layer_6: diyou know i sawn a hope sheep eformed and i big lad as e her again tetel me she's got money
	layer_8: do' you know i saw a hope sheep eformed and i'd big glad to se her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_10: do'you know i sent a hope sheep derformed and i'd big lad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_12: do you know i sent a hope sheep derformed and i'd big lad to see her again they tell me she's got money

file: 4153-186223-0007.flac
expected: aunt jane's rich aunt jane
	layer_2: antansrigh anjen
	layer_4: antans rich antei
	layer_6: un tans wrich untan
	layer_8: aunt jane's rich auntane
	layer_10: aunt jane's rich aunt jane
	layer_12: aunt jane's rich aunt jane

file: 4153-186223-0008.flac
expected: echoed the man quickly what's your name lad
	layer_2: ecore the min qcuickly whath u namlo
	layer_4: ecor the monqcuickly whath younamela
	layer_6: ecor the man cuickly wut you name lad
	layer_8: echoed the man quickly what your name lad
	layer_10: echoed the man quickly what your name lad
	layer_12: echoed the man quickly what your name lad

file: 4153-186223-0009.flac
expected: don't like girls i take it
	layer_2: do't my gas itickit
	layer_4: don't my girse i dicket
	layer_6: don't my girse i dickeit
	layer_8: don't my girls i dacke it
	layer_10: don' my gise i ticke it
	layer_12: don' my girs i ticke it

file: 4153-186223-0010.flac
expected: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_2: aneother lon as then the boy sudden literned quesh no
	layer_4: aneother lawn pas then the boy suddenlyturned quesono
	layer_6: another long case then the boy suddenly turned questiona
	layer_8: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_10: another lang pause then the boy suddenly turned questionirg
	layer_12: another lang pause then the boy suddenly turned questioning

file: 4153-186223-0011.flac
expected: you know aunt miss merrick sir
	layer_2: u no un ut miss maricer
	layer_4: you know un at missmaricsir
	layer_6: you know an  miss mericeser
	layer_8: you know in miss merricsir
	layer_10: you know an miss merrick si
	layer_12: you know an  miss merrick sih

file: 4153-186223-0012.flac
expected: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_2: a yousto when mebe both yongter
	layer_4: a usto when me berboth yunger
	layer_6: a youstoop when we beboth younger
	layer_8: i ousto when we were both younger
	layer_10: a useto when we were both younger
	layer_12: a use to when we were both younger

file: 4153-186223-0013.flac
expected: kenneth stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with a whimsical smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_2: gan at stoppd shot and the marstoped and e little man weith a wme a goot smilat the boys as tanishment lsestot
	layer_4: gan it stopped shot and the mae stopped and he little man with a wam a goot smileet the boys as donishment alse stofed
	layer_6: cenet stopped shot and the mare stopped and the little man with the whimsa good smile at the boys asdownishment allste stopped
	layer_8: kennet stopped shot and the may stopped and the little man with a wims a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_10: kennet stopped short and the mayor stopped and the little man with a wims a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_12: kennett stopped short and the mayor stopped and the little man with a wims a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped

file: 4153-186223-0014.flac
expected: john merrick that's me
	layer_2: jan melic but me
	layer_4: john melick that me
	layer_6: john melick tat me
	layer_8: john melick thut me
	layer_10: john melick that me
	layer_12: john melick that me

file: 4153-186223-0015.flac
expected: you were the tinsmith
	layer_2: you was a densmet
	layer_4: you was atdens met
	layer_6: you was a tensmet
	layer_8: yeu was a densmet
	layer_10: yeu was a densmet
	layer_12: you was a densmet

file: 4153-186223-0016.flac
expected: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merrick
	layer_2: thikep crack of here e cus she suddenly became lrigh and a grat lady and that wash as tha brising thing to happ of towo meik
	layer_4: theckep rack of her becuse she suddenly became rich and a greatl ady and that wish as the prising thing to hapin to o meric
	layer_6: thickep track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that wash as surprising thing to happen to americ
	layer_8: dickept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was ha surprising thing to happen to americk
	layer_10: tic kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick
	layer_12: thi kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick

file: 4153-186223-0017.flac
expected: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_2: thank cour lad i on the man cratfuly i taught r lit lexesice would domee god but thist re mis has seem like tarty to me
	layer_4: thank youre lad riton the man cratfully i thought a littl exsise would dome god but this three mils has seemd like thirty to me
	layer_6: thank your lad returnd the man cratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_8: thank your lad returned the man gratfully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_10: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_12: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me

file: 4153-186223-0018.flac
expected: i will said the man
	layer_2: i wilt said the man
	layer_4: i will said the man
	layer_6: i will said the man
	layer_8: i will said the man
	layer_10: i will said the man
	layer_12: i will said the man

file: 4153-186223-0019.flac
expected: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_2: the boy t nd he wa but in a moment hilto again
	layer_4: the boytern te way but in a moment whil td again
	layer_6: the boy turned eway but in a moment whalt ied again
	layer_8: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_10: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_12: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again

file: 4153-186223-0020.flac
expected: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_2: his interesst in mhis gns brother john was extradnory
	layer_4: his interest in mhis jeans brother john was excrardinery
	layer_6: his interest in miss jane's brother john was excrordinary
	layer_8: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_10: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_12: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary

file: 4153-186222-0000.flac
expected: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child
	layer_2: plese littled nged in this qrtol lemptr so i me as wiodpe slene fwith t e por chied
	layer_4: bltes little d engeed in this quart emsure so i me as welould be slenced with the por chided
	layer_6: blhers little dangeld ing this quarter imsure so i me as we ould be flenged with the poorchised
	layer_8: please little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i me as well old be flented with tha poor child
	layer_10: plars little dangerl in this quarter i'm sure so i mey as well ld be flenced with tha poor child
	layer_12: plear's little dangerl in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be flenced with tha poor child

file: 4153-186222-0001.flac
expected: ah why not
	layer_2: a winon
	layer_4: ah why not
	layer_6: ah why not
	layer_8: ah why not
	layer_10: ah why not
	layer_12: ah why not

file: 4153-186222-0002.flac
expected: beth hesitated
	layer_2: myt esitated
	layer_4: mat esitated
	layer_6: mat hesitated
	layer_8: met hesitated
	layer_10: mat hesitated
	layer_12: mat hesitated

file: 4153-186222-0003.flac
expected: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_2: the letor ask i me to visite was the first i have everte seie d olro ma
	layer_4: the letter askhinm me o visitar was the first i have ever received oremher
	layer_6: the letter asking me to visit hor was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_8: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_10: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_12: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her

file: 4153-186222-0004.flac
expected: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_2: but sincesheaskd me to visit her we jug she had s ofted and mightwishe to beconfvendy and tlaxceptr the invrtation
	layer_4: but sinceshe aske me to visit her we judge she had so ofted and might wish to becomfendly and o i accept a the invitation
	layer_6: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to be com fendly and thoh i accepted the invitation
	layer_8: but since she asked me to visit her whe judge she had softened and might wish to become friendly and to i accepted the invitation
	layer_10: but since she asked me to visit her whe judge she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_12: but since she asked me to visit her whe judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation

file: 4153-186222-0005.flac
expected: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_2: swrly dwo gase wald have a bter im in this lo ne o d place than wane could have ilon
	layer_4: shwerly two gis will have a bette time in this loly oll plasce than one could have alon
	layer_6: suarely two gis woill have al better time in this lone ly old place than one could have alone
	layer_8: suurely two girs will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have a lone
	layer_10: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_12: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone

file: 4153-186222-0006.flac
expected: oh yes she has corrected louise
	layer_2: o yes she has coldl e toleit
	layer_4: o yes she hands coecte deise
	layer_6: o yes she hands collected le ise
	layer_8: o yes she has collected louise
	layer_10: oh yes she has collected louise
	layer_12: oh yes she has collected louise

file: 4153-186222-0007.flac
expected: you mean patricia doyle yes
	layer_2: you mein ptrisha door yes
	layer_4: you mean' pautrechadoo yes
	layer_6: you mean patricia dol yes
	layer_8: you mean partricia doil yes
	layer_10: you mean patricia dol yes
	layer_12: you mean patricia doil yes

file: 4153-186222-0008.flac
expected: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth calmly
	layer_2: then me mna conclord she left out of the arrangement said bet come
	layer_4: thet we ma oncloed she left out of the arangement said beth come
	layer_6: than we may conclote she left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_8: then we may conclode she's left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_10: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_12: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come

file: 4153-186222-0009.flac
expected: you'll fight for your chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_2: you wal fiede foe ar on chants and fie  myty heart
	layer_4: you ae fied frer own chance and fived  mighty hart
	layer_6: you walve fiht for your own chance and five o mighty hart
	layer_8: you will fiht for your own chance and five  mighty hart
	layer_10: you will fight for your own chance and five mighty hart
	layer_12: you will fight for your own chance and five mighty hard

file: 4153-186222-0010.flac
expected: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jane's money
	layer_2: why my der cousim i don fant unchves moneyg
	layer_4: bmhy mig dear cosin i don't fant anchves money
	layer_6: why miht dear cousin i don't want aunt cheves money
	layer_8: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chaeve's money
	layer_10: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jev's money
	layer_12: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jav's money

file: 4153-186222-0011.flac
expected: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find rest from my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_2: my mather ani out ampleprevitedfor and i  m ol le he r tofinmd ress for myso ciol tuies and ticel a quainted with my thead father sistep that is o
	layer_4: my mader an i a ampleprovided for and iam only he ar to find dress for my sociall tuties and ticket acquainted with my dheat father sistep that is all
	layer_6: my mother and i are am ply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and thickul acquainted with my deadfather sistep that is all
	layer_8: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and toke acquainted with my dead father's siste that is all
	layer_10: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties ann toget acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_12: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties ane toget acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all

file: 4153-186222-0012.flac
expected: my father teaches music and mother scolds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_2: my fa the teachis meusic and mothers hausim continurily to not being abered oun inogh money t o keap out of deat
	layer_4: my fas te teach his music and mother's hose im continually or not being able to un enough money to keep out of deat
	layer_6: my father teachis music and mother's whose im continually for not being able to un enough money to keep out of deabt
	layer_8: my father teaches music and mother's hose him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_10: my father teaches music and mother s hoses him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_12: my father teaches music and mother s hoses him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt

file: 4153-186222-0013.flac
expected: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_2: we've no wose nos sent of he mony or thogh fathe hastridet dymesto bare wenough tor havppeen ight of his dificgilties
	layer_4: we've no eas e no sent of her money orlthough father hast rightet tims to bar wenough to happen mught of his difficalties
	layer_6: we've neveas he no sent of her money although father hast rihtad times to bor w enough to happeen out of his difficulties
	layer_8: we've never seen no scent of her money although father has righde times to borrow enough to hep him out of his difficulties
	layer_10: we've never seen a cent of her money although father hast righded times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_12: we've never seen a scent of her money although father hast righte times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties

file: 4153-186222-0014.flac
expected: i even kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_2: i youud kist he ehent sheask me to and e sat a shevwere all d ow my back
	layer_4: i oud kiss her when she askd me to and it set a sivr alld how my bak
	layer_6: ar youwhd kissed her when she asked me to and it sant a shevwer all down my back
	layer_8: are you t kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_10: are you kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_12: are you kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back

file: 4153-186222-0015.flac
expected: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fuss around invalids and assist them
	layer_2: for my burt i am fornd of everyonet and ad teilights me te fasat on invillads and naesisthem
	layer_4: for my pat i am fore of every one and i dilights me to faceron invilledge and assist them
	layer_6: for my pat i am fond of everyone and it delights me to faseroun in village and assist them
	layer_8: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to faseround in village and assist them
	layer_10: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to faserround in village and assist them
	layer_12: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to faserround in village and assist them

file: 4153-186222-0016.flac
expected: you say you like to care for invalids and i don't
	layer_2: you sea youl like o caflr in willits and i don'd
	layer_4: you seay you like to carefolr in will ites and i don't
	layer_6: you sy you like to carefor in will its and i don't
	layer_8: you say you' like to care for in willes and i don't
	layer_10: you say you like to care for in willet's and i don't
	layer_12: you say you like to care for in willets and i don't

file: 4153-186222-0017.flac
expected: you're trying to make me think you don't want elmhurst when you're as anxious to get it as i am
	layer_2: youd klimgd to make meat think you dont at eln hes hut your is inm yos to get it as iam
	layer_4: you klimd to make meet think you dont wone al hes bhen your as iam syous to get it as i are
	layer_6: your clime to make mee think you don't won elherse when you as  an used to get it as i arm
	layer_8: you're clind to make me think you don't want elhes when you're as i 'anused to get it as i am
	layer_10: you're tlined to make me think you don't want elhers when you're as iuse to get it as i am
	layer_12: you're tlined to make me think you don't want elhers when you're as inuse to get it as i am

file: 4153-186222-0018.flac
expected: they call me beth sullenly
	layer_2: they il med bet salenly
	layer_4: theyfall me bet salenly
	layer_6: they fell me bet sulenly
	layer_8: they fall me bet sullenly
	layer_10: they fall me bet sullenly
	layer_12: they fallo me bet sullenly

file: 4153-186222-0019.flac
expected: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the world you know
	layer_2: i cod dlave in this out of the wak onoer of the walguna
	layer_4: i con't beleveen this out of the wak onor of the wolono
	layer_6: i couln't b live in this out of the way hornour of the val ano
	layer_8: i culdn'telive in this out of the waycorner of the world u now
	layer_10: i couldn't live in this out of the waycorner of the world you know
	layer_12: i couldn't live in this out of the waycorner of the world you know

file: 4153-186222-0020.flac
expected: but suppose she leaves it to you persisted beth
	layer_2: but's a por she ats ha d tesistanfet
	layer_4: but e pous she eds a dal fer sistantfet
	layer_6: but supause she nds a dial for asistan fet
	layer_8: but suppase she needs a deal or assistant fet
	layer_10: but suppose she needs a deal her assistant fet
	layer_12: but suppose she needs a deal her assistant fet

file: 4153-186222-0021.flac
expected: louise seemed to meditate
	layer_2: luie seemed to mete det
	layer_4: luie seemd to medhesdete
	layer_6: louise seemd to medhers deat
	layer_8: louise seemed to metis debt
	layer_10: louise seemed to mad his deat
	layer_12: louise seemed to mad his deat

file: 4153-186222-0022.flac
expected: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_2: it te magh nifisenta stat said beth looking athocosin toutfully
	layer_4: it o ma nificent a state said beth looking at her cousin toubtfully
	layer_6: it ta magineficent i state said beth looking at her cousin toubtfully
	layer_8: it a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_10: it a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_12: it a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully

file: 4153-186222-0023.flac
expected: now shall we be friends she asked lightly
	layer_2: now hhad re be frent se aske litly
	layer_4: now shaud we be frent she asked lightly
	layer_6: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_8: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_10: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_12: now shall we be friend she asked lightly

file: 4153-186222-0024.flac
expected: to be sure i should want you to my dear
	layer_2: tor be shur i shald wwant it o midear
	layer_4: ho be sue i shalld want lit o midea
	layer_6: to be sur i shuld want little my dea
	layer_8: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_10: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_12: to be sure i should want little my dear

file: 4153-186222-0025.flac
expected: such a girl friend it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_2: such a gord ten it had never been herp fo liged to have efor and wan hus us spicions werf a garton she begame farly has poncsi and bright in wondifully
	layer_4: such a gird tlhen it had never been hep re liged to have before and wen hers uspicions wirth a gorten she begame fairly les ponsi and brihtend wonderfully
	layer_6: such a gird then it had never been her previlige to have before and when her suspicions wereh forgotten she became fairly responsiv and brightened wonderfully
	layer_8: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_10: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_12: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully

file: 4153-186222-0026.flac
expected: silas she said when he entered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_2: silis she said renyantot what you think of my neces
	layer_4: siles she said renientert what oyour think of my neaces
	layer_6: silas she said renientot what do you think of my nieces
	layer_8: silas she said renientot what do you think of my nieces
	layer_10: silas she said renientot what do you think of my nieces
	layer_12: silas she said renientot what do you think of my nieces

file: 4153-186222-0027.flac
expected: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_2: the u valyacharming gards he anset oatn the otertan age wren few gas shorto good efantdage
	layer_4: the abvereach arming gords he answers a o the odedain age when few gaus shore to good efantage
	layer_6: they art vary charming girds he answerd altou the ardertin age when few guse showre ta good ravantage
	layer_8: they are very charming girls he answeres although they arat in age when few gurs shord a good advantage
	layer_10: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few gus showe a good advantage
	layer_12: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few gurs showet a good advantage

file: 4153-186222-0028.flac
expected: why did you not invite kenneth to dinner jane the boy
	layer_2: wyeais ou not in wite canes t d enangin the boy
	layer_4: why this you not in wite kannisto denantin the boy
	layer_6: why tis you not invite cannis to denountan the boy
	layer_8: why dis you not invite cennes to dennaunjane the boy
	layer_10: why dies you not invite kennes to dinan jane the boy
	layer_12: why dies you not invite kenneths to dinant jane the boy

file: 4153-186222-0029.flac
expected: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_2: he is consofly saying di sagreblr things
	layer_4: he is constily saying tie sagreeble things
	layer_6: he is constaly saying tdisagreeable things
	layer_8: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_10: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_12: he is constantly saying disagreeable things

file: 4153-186222-0030.flac
expected: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_2: vary we said the loyaquielyg wbich ou my esls dou rofer
	layer_4: very well said the lawyo quietly wich youf my kneeses t yu profe
	layer_6: very well said the lawyer quietly wut you my nieces do ou prefer
	layer_8: very well said the lawyer quietly but ofe my nieces do you prefer
	layer_10: very well said the lawyer quietly with of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_12: very well said the lawyer quietly with of my nieces do you prefer

file: 4153-186222-0031.flac
expected: asked the old lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_2: af teu r lady aftropas i cannot sa on so shot ind a quintets hyancertd with cravity which do youop refegain
	layer_4: askd tyo erl lady afteropas i cannot sa on so shot and acqueainteds heanserd with cravity which th youprefegane
	layer_6: askd youor ladys after a pase i cannot say on so short and acquaintes he answered with cravity which dhe you preferjane
	layer_8: asked your lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with cravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_10: ask your lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_12: askd your lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane

file: 4153-186222-0032.flac
expected: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_2: the ae eqully an satisfacty she answer
	layer_4: the ae equlli an satisfpactrly she answer
	layer_6: they a equallyand satisfactory she answered
	layer_8: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_10: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_12: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered

file: 4153-186222-0033.flac
expected: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas
	layer_2: i cannot imagion ann mhus thelongise to either siles
	layer_4: ike cannot immagine and hes belong ins to either  siles
	layer_6: i cannot imagine almhers belong ins to either asilis
	layer_8: i cannot imagine elmhus belonging to either sidlase
	layer_10: i cannot imagine elmhus belonging to either silas
	layer_12: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas

file: 4153-186222-0034.flac
expected: i must see that other niece the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_2: i musee that athenies the ane whol dofis ne andt a fews is to oncs on my sa can tetr
	layer_4: i mu see that athernes the won who defis me and a fewas is to ance on my sacon neter
	layer_6: i mus see that othernees the wone who defis me and iffuses to ans on my second netta
	layer_8: i must see that othernies the one who defies me and reffuses to ans ar my second letter
	layer_10: i must see that othernies the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_12: i must see that othernies the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter

file: 4153-186222-0035.flac
expected: there would be a dozen heirs to fight for my money and dear old elmhurst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_2: there would be addozin ears tho fight for my money anddear all l enihorse wiuld beswr destrangoers seapusund thith bittimess
	layer_4: there would be a dozen airs te fight for my money and dear all enlhorse wiuld be sald destrangers sheresuned wit pittermes
	layer_6: there would be a dozen airs tofight for my money and dear all elhuse would be sold istrangers she resumed with bitemis
	layer_8: there would be a dozen hairs to fight for my money and dear oll ilmhust would be sol o strangers she resumed with pittamess
	layer_10: there would be a dozen heirs to fight for my money and dear or eilmhust would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_12: there would be a dozen hairs to fight for my money and dear orl eilmhust would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness

file: 4153-61735-0000.flac
expected: they are but lukewarm lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bowshot distance
	layer_2: the arbut lokome lovers who can contenthemseves with the dilog carryd on and bosihuc distace
	layer_4: they are but look om lovers whokcan content hemselves with the dilog caried on ad bashot distance
	layer_6: they are but luok am lovers who can content themselves with a dyalogu carried on at boshort distance
	layer_8: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bo short distance
	layer_10: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at boa short distance
	layer_12: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at boat short distance

file: 4153-61735-0001.flac
expected: if there be an elysium on earth it is this
	layer_2: if  their be anarlisumon ut it is this
	layer_4: if there be anelisu monoat it is this
	layer_6: if there be an eless umonarth it is this
	layer_8: if there be an elesum onearth it is this
	layer_10: if there be an elisum on arth it is this
	layer_12: if there be an alisum on arth it is this

file: 4153-61735-0002.flac
expected: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_2: his own daughtter his onlydoorther of the bes blad of sutheren atestorcrescy beau tfl acompplished everythink to secur him was plended alinds hoilling nightle as sination with a his hontor
	layer_4: his own daughter his onlydoute of the best blood of suthern arestocracy beautofull accomplished everythink to secyour him was plended alinds holing nightly assination with a hose hunt
	layer_6: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern arristocricy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him was plendrd a lions holding nightly a signation with a horse hunter
	layer_8: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him as plendoid alliance holding knightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_10: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him as splendid alliancs holding knightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_12: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him as splendid alliancs holding knightly assignation with a horse hunter

file: 4153-61735-0003.flac
expected: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern counsel
	layer_2: he could welcans eed sow much to er k apriece since hersting at hom could be notos advantage o the cause tat had crompnd him to the sternd conse
	layer_4: he could welcanseead so mach to her c a price since her staing at horm could be no dis advantage to the couse that had promptd him to the sturned counsl
	layer_6: he could well conceed so much to her caprise since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the sterne counsil
	layer_8: he could well conced so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_10: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_12: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council

file: 4153-61735-0004.flac
expected: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_2: it is ol vedy non thet this rod pas the hasy ender of cas ti theal cawo at some distance from the house and on the oppositd sade of thi rerver
	layer_4: it is al veady non that this road pasd the hasi ender of cassa del corlewa at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_6: it is alveady known that this road past the halsi ende of casa del corrvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_8: it is already known that this road past the hacienda of casadel korvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_10: it is already known that this road past the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_12: it is already known that this road past the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river

file: 4153-61735-0005.flac
expected: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bough then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_2: on reaching the cops he tdhes manted let his horse in among thog underwood hiched him by lou pwink his bridldran aran ther docmorse twicks of in ilasting bo thendetaching a long rop of twisted horse hear from the hforn of his sadl and inserting his arm andto its coy he clieed out to the aceh of the ilengd on thatside that ltowars the hasyendur
	layer_4: on reaching the cops he desmounted let his hose in a mong thou underwoarod hiched him by luping his bridled rain aranter top most twieks of in elasting bo then detaching a long roop of twisted horseheair from the horn of his saddle and incerting his arm and o its col he clieded ou to the adge of the island on that side that la towards the husienda
	layer_6: on reaching the corpse he dispounted let his horse in among thoeu underwood hitched him by looping his bridle grain arounde toppmost twigs of an ilasting bo then detuching a long roope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his sadle and incerting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the iland on that side that lay towards the hasiyenda
	layer_8: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elasting bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm andto its coil he lided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the haciyenda
	layer_10: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle grein around the topmost twigs of an ellastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_12: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle grein around the topmost twigs of an ellastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda

file: 4153-61735-0006.flac
expected: before forsaking the shadow of the copse he cast a glance towards the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_2: the for fposeaking the shido of the corps he casd a glance towor this gy and let the mon sailing supremle overl it
	layer_4: the fore ocstheaaking the shadow of the corps he cast a glance tower this ky and met the moun sailing supremely over it
	layer_6: thefourefa saking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance towardthis ky and mathe moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_8: before foresaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward this ky and mathe moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_10: before forsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_12: before forsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it

file: 4153-61735-0007.flac
expected: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inebriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_2: the drawi concet which hars sow offta muws the nock donel in epriat of cart sitiese appeto produs a like afact upon the night batlrolr of the prary and fora moment the shiadob lat darkening hit braw disappered
	layer_4: the drowl conceit which has sow oft ea muse the nocdornal inariae of cate ites appieao to produse a like affact upon the night pacroler of the prary and for o moment the shadow lat darkening his broaw disappiared
	layer_6: the drol conceit which has so oft amuse the knocternal inabriate of greate cities appear to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the prairie and four a moment the shado late tarkening his broaw disappeared
	layer_8: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appear to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his broaw disappeared
	layer_10: the droll conceit which has so ofte amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appear to produce a like effect upon the night patroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his broaw disappeared
	layer_12: the droll conceit which has so ofte amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appear to produce a like effect upon the night patroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared

file: 4153-61735-0008.flac
expected: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_2: it' notlicly ot this ar unh lessa be the orner of a bag contionto consle
	layer_4: it not likely at his are unless at be the hornur of a bad conscien to consleep
	layer_6: its not likely it is aure unless it be the hownoer of a bad conscience tho consleep
	layer_8: it's not likely it is ore unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can sleep
	layer_10: it's not likely it is our unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who cant sleep
	layer_12: it's not likely it is our unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who cant sleep

file: 4153-61735-0009.flac
expected: troth there's one such within those walls
	layer_2: crat thi's on such with in those wal
	layer_4: crott there's on such within those wals
	layer_6: crot there's one such within those warls
	layer_8: crot there's one such within those walls
	layer_10: cruth there's one such within those walls
	layer_12: croth there's one such within those walls

file: 4153-61735-0010.flac
expected: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_2: if he be abrod tha's a god schans of his seeng me on be rpen jrowned not that i should gae e stral ifv it woere on y miseevf to be con fro miset
	layer_4: if he be abroad thae's a good chance of his seeing me on veopen dround not that i should gare astraw e it were on le misevf to becon fromised
	layer_6: if he be abroad thae's a good shance of his seeing me on viopen dround not that i should care astraw if it were only micshave to be comepromised
	layer_8: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be open grouned not that i should care a straw if it were only mysehelve to be compromised
	layer_10: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myselfe to be compromised
	layer_12: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myselfe to be compromised

file: 4153-61735-0011.flac
expected: it's no use waiting upon the moon deuce take her
	layer_2: it's nw us rating uon the morn du stacar
	layer_4: its now us wraiting upon the moorn doustakee
	layer_6: it's no use wating upon the moon doustaker
	layer_8: it's no use waiting upon the moon de e tak er
	layer_10: it's no use waiting upon the moon dee take her
	layer_12: it's no use waiting upon the moon dee take her

file: 4153-61735-0012.flac
expected: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either its cash plate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_2: it istre he had desins ufpon the hasiy nder butthesedd not contibplat eter itscash fplat orjuldry if be except the more stprlessies joilla condened the mistrics of the manchion hrself
	layer_4: it isthrew he had designs upon the hasender but these did not contibplate ether at scasch flate or jewlly if be accept the more sprasious juelat contand the miystress of the manchiin herself
	layer_6: it is true he had designs upon the hasi ender but these did not contiplate either a scash flat or jewelery if we accept the mores precious jel it contained the mistress of the manch in herself
	layer_8: it is true he had designs upon the hasyender but these did not contemplate either at scash plat or jewellry if we except the most precious jewell it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_10: it is true he had designs upon the haciender but these did not contemplate either ats cash flate or jewellry if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_12: it is true he had designs upon the haciender but these did not contemplate either ats cash flate or jewelry if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself

file: 4153-185072-0000.flac
expected: he tarried at genishau a few days and came up to gardow where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_2: he tariedtha gainishaw of few das and came up the gardo whele i then resided he was a peran tly without any bus mistaeets afport him but he swn became a quainted woith my sun tomise with hom he hanteed for a long dime and mide his holme with him at my house wrentorcame on and he coan tonewtd his da
	layer_4: he tarried hat ganato of few days and came up the gardo wee i thent resided he was a parently without any business dafltds apport him but he son became acquainted wich my sun tomise with whom he hunted for along time and mae his home with him at my house wenter came on and he contnued his tay
	layer_6: he tarried at cenashur a few days and came up the gado when i then resided he was apparently without any business thar otsupport him but he soon became acquainted with my sun thomase with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_8: he tarried at cenishar a few days and came up the gado when i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_10: he tarried at cenishar a few days and came up the gado when i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_12: he tarried at cenischir a few days and came up tho gado when i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day

file: 4153-185072-0001.flac
expected: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_2: the enraged hasbeen wel nowiny that heshoul feel o blow if he wratat the hir the rdeo a peated instentirerce tod and wen down tr ev urter his cacted
	layer_4: the en draged has been well nowing that he should feel oblo if he wated to har the order rapeated instanty recreted and went town tor reevete his cattled
	layer_6: the enraged has been well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down te riverto his cattle
	layer_8: the enraged hasbeen well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeatet instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_10: the enraged husbend well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_12: the enraged husbend well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle

file: 4153-185072-0002.flac
expected: we protected the poor nanticoke woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised a reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_2: weprotected the poor e manti ok woman and garve her victuus and alin simpe tized wither in her miss portuns tis pring when her hus bin game to her ooc norle is formaletreurs and hat he had abuse  her withouteccouse poromister afimation and shie es ived him withevery mark ofv a  enewwll of her ofection
	layer_4: we protected the poo  mantic ok woman and gave her vectuols and alinsympetised with her in her mis portunet tilspring when her husben came to her acnowlishd his formererors and that he had abused her without a couse pro mister eformation and schereceived him with every mark of renewl of her affection
	layer_6: we protected the pooramantic ok woman and gave her victuals an alinsympatised with her in her misportunes til spring when her husban came to her acnolisghed his former erhs and that he had abused her without a cause proo mister eformation and she received him with every mark of  renewal of her affection
	layer_8: we protected the poor amantic oakewoman and gave her victuals and alen sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowleged his former errous and that he had abused her without a cause pror mister reformation and she received him with every mark of renewal of her affection
	layer_10: we protected the poor anantic oakwoman and gave her victuals and allen sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause pror mister reformation and she received him with every mark of renewal of her affection
	layer_12: we protected the poor anantic oakwoman and gave her victuals and allen sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause pror mister reformation and she received him with every mark of renewal of her affection

file: 4153-185072-0003.flac
expected: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wampum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for
	layer_2: the indianc wae soln ansred by the amaricen officer that the wonkom wos scardeo the axcetid and that countinunc of pece was ardencyrished for
	layer_4: the indiance was son answerd by the american offhicer that the wankquom whos scourdu the accepted and that a continuanc of pece was ardence wished for
	layer_6: the indiancs wars soon answered by the american officer that the woncom whos coudul ly accepted and that a continuance of peace whose ardency wished for
	layer_8: the indians was soon answered by the american officer that the womqum who scourgilly accepted and that a continuance of peace whose ardency wished for
	layer_10: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wanqum whos scordilly accepted and that a continuance of peace whose ardency wished for
	layer_12: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wanqum whos scordially accepted and that a continuance of peace whose ardency wished for

file: 4153-185072-0004.flac
expected: my son thomas went with them with allen's horse and carried the goods
	layer_2: my sundomis wend with them with aslin's horse and carryt the good
	layer_4: my sun tomis went with them with islan's horse and carri the good
	layer_6: my santomis went with them with asland's horse and carried the good
	layer_8: my san thomis went with them with iland's horse and carried the good
	layer_10: my san thomas went with them with ilan's horse and carried the good
	layer_12: my son thomas went with them with ilan's horse and carried the good

file: 4153-185072-0005.flac
expected: allen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_2: asl in on finding mat his anemes ad gon came back to my house here he lived as before but off hisre done theye were swun not to filet nyi agrar and netiles who maed rors elat amsy with is mol bart ty of ingians carme ant to take him
	layer_4: asl in on finding that his enemies had gone cime back to my house where he lived as before but off ic drieturne they weae son not tifide nyagra and nettils who maried pricillaramse with his moll party of indians came ont to take him
	layer_6: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his returne they were soon notofyd at niagra and netkeles who married risilaramsa with the small party of indians came ont to take him
	layer_8: adin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notifid at niagara and netkls who married riscilla ramsay with the small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_10: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_12: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him

file: 4153-185072-0006.flac
expected: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen all in tatters came in
	layer_2: netls ac length abandin the ches went hom and alen olen taters camen
	layer_4: nettles at length abandin the chase went hom and aling allin tatars came in
	layer_6: netles at length abandon the chase went home an alen oll in thathers came in
	layer_8: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alen all indatas came in
	layer_10: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alen all andatas came in
	layer_12: nettles at length abandoned the chaise went home and alen all in datas came in

file: 4153-185072-0007.flac
expected: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_2: by laning n the wod his clar thing had become torn in telags to that he wash an asuteiling condition ol woas naked
	layer_4: by rundning in the wood his clothing had become torn in toerags to that he wash an a sufring condition al was naked
	layer_6: by runding in the woods his clothing had become torn intor rags so that he wash in a suffering condition almos naked
	layer_8: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into wrags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_10: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_12: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked

file: 4153-185072-0008.flac
expected: allen made his trowsers himself and then built a raft on which he went down the river to his own place at mount morris
	layer_2: a len made his trouses himself and then bit alafh on which he wet nowt deerver to his on ples at mont mordice
	layer_4: alent made his trouses himself and hen bilt alagfht on which he went dow the river to his on place at mornt morise
	layer_6: alen made his trouses himself and then builtd alaughet on which he went dou the river to his own place at mount morese
	layer_8: alen made his trousers himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at mountmores
	layer_10: alen made his trousers himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at montmaures
	layer_12: alen made his trousers himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at montmaures

file: 4153-185072-0009.flac
expected: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his squaw
	layer_2: there an indhin give himsum resesshment and a god gone with which he hased ind on to little berdstown bey he found his cor
	layer_4: there and indon gave him some reseshment and a good gun with which he hastdind on to little berd stown bhet he found his cor
	layer_6: there an ingian gave him some refeshment and a good gun with which he hastened on the little beards town where he found his cor
	layer_8: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his cow
	layer_10: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his cows
	layer_12: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his cors

file: 4153-185072-0010.flac
expected: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_2: not dearling to lis conser f at that plecs for fere of being giveno hemeete her but a shrt visit and cam inmediaty to gardol
	layer_4: not darring to lis hinself it that pleace for fir of being given ap he mae her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo
	layer_6: not daring to risk himself at that plase for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to guado
	layer_8: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to guado
	layer_10: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gado
	layer_12: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gado

file: 4153-185072-0011.flac
expected: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_2: the love of leboty however ided to his naturas fifness gave himsufficien strencth to makh is aske to his forml causil of safety
	layer_4: the love of leboty however added to his naturas fifness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formal casle of safety
	layer_6: the love of liboty however added to his natural's fiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formal casl of safety
	layer_8: the love of libarty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formarl casle of safety
	layer_10: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formal casle of safety
	layer_12: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formal casle of safety

file: 4153-185072-0012.flac
expected: his pursuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_2: his pus ou as came immeditely t my house wht ly expected to have found him secreted and ondhe my prdection
	layer_4: his busu as came immediately to my house whet ty expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_6: his bossuers came immediately to my house wheret the expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_8: his possurs came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_10: his possuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_12: his possuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection

file: 4153-185072-0013.flac
expected: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_2: stid lan sates fied and d outing my wir acity they advice my ind an brother to yus his infeuences too drof from me the se could of his conselment which they hadni dea that i caoncid ort of grateim partnts nort only to him but to myses i pess sisted in my aniins of hisituation and fin ileasaalef me
	layer_4: stillansat esfied and oubting my weracity they adviced my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the se cueld of his concelment which they hadnideathat i consedeut of grat importoncs nort only to him but to myses i persisted in my agnerence of his ituation and finaleasey eleft me
	layer_6: still un satisfied and doubting my verasity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secet of his concealement which they had anidea that i consideout of great importance nort only to him but to myces i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finilys y a left me
	layer_8: still unsatisfied andoubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my sels i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally the left me
	layer_10: still unsatisfied undoubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_12: still unsatisfied undoubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me

file: 4153-185072-0014.flac
expected: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_2: he cemp to my house ind the knight and a walk me with the greatest cotion fherting that som of his enemies might be watching to theace him at at dime when and in o place war itf wol be impwasibl for him to makehis as cap
	layer_4: he came to my house in the night and a walk me with e greeatestcaution feearling that some of his enemies might be watching to theyce him at a time when and in o place were it would be imposible for him to make his as cape
	layer_6: he came to my house in the night and awake me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_8: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_10: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_12: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape

file: 4153-185072-0015.flac
expected: at that time allen lay in a secret place in the gulph a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_2: at that dime ilin la in a secret place in the guse a shok distanc above my flat in a who that he axidently found in the rok ne othe rover
	layer_4: at that time ilint lay in a secres place in the guls a short distance above my flat in a hole hat he accidently found in the rok neatherevr
	layer_6: at that time aislinlay in a secret place in the guls a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accdidently found in the rock near the river
	layer_8: at that time islan lay in a secret place in the gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_10: at that time island lay in a secret place in ta gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_12: at that time island lay in a secret place in ta gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river

file: 1701-141760-0000.flac
expected: the pavlograds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to olmutz to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant there with girls as waitresses
	layer_2: the po lov grads hele feast after feast celebreting a wars they had receih for the campan and made exprdisions to almots divrcar assertiand care li ta hungriaon who head recently open arestront dere with girlses witrascies
	layer_4: the provlove grads held feast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campain and made expeditions to all mots diviser asserciain caroling tha hunguerian who hard recently open erestjront thear with girls as witrses
	layer_6: the provlov grads held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mots devisar a certain carolyne the hungarian who had recently open a restauander with girlds as watereses
	layer_8: the povlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all motes do visser a certain caroling the hungarian who had recently open a resturant deire with girlsas watreces
	layer_10: the povlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mots diviser a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opend a restaurant there with girls's waitresses
	layer_12: the povlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all motes divisir a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opend a restaurant there with girls's waitresces

file: 1701-141760-0001.flac
expected: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_2: the garset mee their whole march as if on a pleajutrip perading they clainliness and disiplan
	layer_4: the gards ed mee there whole march as if on a pleagre trip pereding thei clainlyness and discapline
	layer_6: the guards had mat their whole marh as if on a pleasure trip perading their clainliness and discipline
	layer_8: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their clainliness and discipline
	layer_10: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_12: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline

file: 1701-141760-0002.flac
expected: the regiments had entered and left the town with their bands playing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper posts
	layer_2: the retim an s hat entd and left te tode with their ban's pleig and by the gran u ks ordours demen hadmarched all the we in step a practis on wirch the gars pratded themselves the officers on fouts and ot their properporse
	layer_4: the redguments at entered and left the tone with their bands pleaing and by the grandjuke's orders demen had marched all the we in step ap practis on which the guars praded themselves the officers on fooits and t their proper pose
	layer_6: the regiments had entered and left the tone with their bands pleaying and by the grandukes orders themen had marched all the wee in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_8: the regiments had entered and left the tone with their bands pleaing and by the granduke's orders the men had marched all the weet in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper possts
	layer_10: the regiments had entered and left the tone with their bands pleaing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the whea in step a practice on which the guards prayded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper pulse
	layer_12: the regiments had entered and left the tone with their bands pleaing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the whea in step a practice on which the guards prayded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper pulse

file: 1701-141760-0003.flac
expected: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_2: bora sad bin qorcerts a had marsht al the wa with bar ho was oredty incommind ovfa company
	layer_4: bora had been quarserd and had marched all the wa with burg who was olready incommind of a company
	layer_6: borrus had been quarterd and had marched all the wee with burg who was already in commind of a company
	layer_8: boris had been quarterd and had marched all the we with burg who was already in commind of a company
	layer_10: boras had been quartered and had marched all the way with berge who was already in command of a company
	layer_12: borras had been quartered and had marched all the way with berge who was already in command of a company

file: 1701-141760-0004.flac
expected: boris during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski through whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief's staff
	layer_2: bor ows jour ing to compan had maddy acquintence of mary parsonse who mi profeuseul to him and by alesto af recumindation he had brogt from pier had become aqueenty with prince andre bol consky though whom he hoked to ob teen a poset on the commandrend chif stouff
	layer_4: borrows during the campain had meey acquentencs of many persons who might prov useful to him and by a leter of recmendation he had brought from pier had become aquenty with prince and drew bal consky though whom he hoped to obten a posd on the commandran chief stuff
	layer_6: borros during the campaign had mad te acquintance of many persons who might proveuseful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from piere had become a quenty with prince andrew ballkonski though whom he hoped to obtain a postd on the commandrand chief staff
	layer_8: borros during the campign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquinted with prince andrew balkonsky thoh whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commandran chiefstaff
	layer_10: borros during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquinted with prince andrew bolkonski the whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chiefstaff
	layer_12: borros during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski the whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief staff

file: 1701-141760-0005.flac
expected: berg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them playing chess
	layer_2: burk and borus having rested after yesitese march were siting clean and neadly dresst as a rown teble in teclen quartuers a loted to them plain ches
	layer_4: burk and bores having rested after yested his march were sittting clean and neadly dressed it a roun teble in declen quarters a loted to them plain chess
	layer_6: burg and boras having rested after yestedye's march were sitting clean and neadly dressed at a round table in de clean quarters aelotted to them plain chess
	layer_8: berg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neadly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them plain chess
	layer_10: burge and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them plain chess
	layer_12: burke and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them plain chess

file: 1701-141760-0006.flac
expected: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_2: well how r you gwen to gett et of thats he remart
	layer_4: well how are you ging to geitthert of that's he remared
	layer_6: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_8: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_10: well how ar you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_12: well howar you going to get out of that he remarked

file: 1701-141760-0007.flac
expected: at that moment the door opened
	layer_2: at that momente dor opent
	layer_4: at that moment door openet
	layer_6: at that momenthe door opened
	layer_8: at that moment the door opened
	layer_10: at that moment the door opened
	layer_12: at that moment the door opened

file: 1701-141760-0008.flac
expected: dear me how you have changed
	layer_2: dear me ho you have cheanged
	layer_4: dear me hew you have chaged
	layer_6: dear me how you have chaged
	layer_8: dear me how you have changed
	layer_10: dear me how you have changed
	layer_12: dear me how you have changed

file: 1701-141760-0009.flac
expected: he was about to embrace his friend but nicholas avoided him
	layer_2: he wstheboto inbrace his fraends but neclease avoided herm
	layer_4: he was haboute to embrate his friends but nicklas avoided herm
	layer_6: he was about to embraze his friends but nicholas avoided hem
	layer_8: he was about to embratce his friends but nicholas avoided him
	layer_10: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him
	layer_12: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him

file: 1701-141760-0010.flac
expected: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_2: hoe want d i apensh im pushi im do anething but kisshim a thing everybory did
	layer_4: he want e apenceh him push him do anything but kissed him i thing everybody did
	layer_6: he wante to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him i thing everybody did
	layer_8: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him i thingk everybody did
	layer_10: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a think everybody did
	layer_12: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a think everybody did

file: 1701-141760-0011.flac
expected: but notwithstanding this boris embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_2: but not weestanding nte sporas im brased om an a quite friendly wa an kisst him threetimes
	layer_4: but not wathstanding ters spores enbraced hom an a quite friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_6: but notwith standing their sporras embraced him and a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_8: but notwithstanding ther sborras embraced him in a quiet friendly wa and kissed him three times
	layer_10: but notwithstanding there sporras embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_12: but notwithstanding there sporrus embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times

file: 1701-141760-0012.flac
expected: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take their first steps on life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_2: they had not maute fornealin halfr year an bing orf the age ween young mantite a firsteps an licte road eac sow immang changees an the other quite n neu reflation of the society in whers the had takon os far staps
	layer_4: they had not met for nearlyn half a year and being at the age when young mantit ha first steps and lifes rouad each saw imen changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in whirch they had taken nos fir steps
	layer_6: they had not mekt for nearly half a year and being at the age when young man tee ei first steps and life's rod each saw imensed changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which theyhad taken those first steps
	layer_8: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take teir first steps and life's road each saw immensed changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_10: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take their first steps and life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_12: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men teake their first steps and life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps

file: 1701-141760-0013.flac
expected: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_2: i didnot expautody he at ies
	layer_4: i did not expau todhy he added
	layer_6: i did not expetyue to dye he added
	layer_8: i did not expet yu tody he added
	layer_10: i did not expect you to day he added
	layer_12: i did not expect you today he added

file: 1701-141760-0014.flac
expected: you know of course that his imperial highness rode with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_2: you kno of coursat his impelial higness rod withouredgnmen all the time so that we ad every comefort and every advantege
	layer_4: you know of course at his impeliao highness wrod with our regimen all the time so that we had every confort an every advantage
	layer_6: you know of course at his impelial highness rud with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort in every advantage
	layer_8: you know of course that his imperial highness rud with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_10: you know of course that his imperial highness roed with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort in every advantage
	layer_12: you know of course that his imperial highness rored with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort in every advantage

file: 1701-141760-0015.flac
expected: what receptions we had in poland
	layer_2: what resaptions we had impolens
	layer_4: what receptions we had impulence
	layer_6: what receptions we had inporlance
	layer_8: what receptions we had in paulans
	layer_10: what receptions we had in paulans
	layer_12: what receptions we had in paulands

file: 1701-141760-0016.flac
expected: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_2: what dinnors and balls i can't tell you
	layer_4: what dinnearsand bals i can't tell you
	layer_6: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_8: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_10: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_12: what dinners and balls i can't tell you

file: 1701-141760-0017.flac
expected: oh you guards said rostov i say send for some wine
	layer_2: or you gard said rostoff i sa sefa some wine
	layer_4: or you gard said rostoff i say sevar some wine
	layer_6: or you guard said rostofv i say sever some wine
	layer_8: oh you gad said rostov i say sever some wine
	layer_10: oh you god said rostov i say seversome wine
	layer_12: oh you god said rostov i say seversome wine

file: 1701-141760-0018.flac
expected: he went to his bed drew a purse from under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_2: he went tho his bed drew  parsamon to the clen pellow and stent for whine
	layer_4: he went to his bed drew a parts am onter the clean pillo and sent for wine
	layer_6: he went to his bed drew a parst ome under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_8: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_10: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_12: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine

file: 1701-141760-0019.flac
expected: yes and i have some money and a letter to give you he added
	layer_2: ye sin i have som mone y in olesters to gif ou he adiets
	layer_4: yes ind i have some money in iletcers to givef yu he added
	layer_6: yes and i have some money in a letters to give you he added
	layer_8: yes and i have some money in e letters to give you he added
	layer_10: yes and i have some money in a letter to give you he added
	layer_12: yes and i have some money in a letter to give you he added

file: 1701-141760-0020.flac
expected: oh don't mention it count i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_2: al don't mantionate kont a quat hun de ston said burk gettting up in speakin an a muffled in gotera l vice
	layer_4: oll don't mention ate cont icquate understand said boke getting up in speaking an a muffled an gotter al voice
	layer_6: il don't mention at con't i quaite understand said borge getting up and speaking in a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_8: o don't mention at cont i quite understand said borg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_10: oh don't mention it cont i quite understand said berge getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_12: oh don't mention at cont i quite understand said berge getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttral voice

file: 1701-141760-0021.flac
expected: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris
	layer_2: goar cros tou our hose the inviteg you ided borse
	layer_4: gorcross to our hose they invited you aded bores
	layer_6: g across tou our hose they invited you idded borrus
	layer_8: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris
	layer_10: go across to our hoses they invited you added boris
	layer_12: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris

file: 1701-141760-0022.flac
expected: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having assured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_2: bark pet on the ceenest of coutse withou t spout or spack of dust stid before a looking glas and brushed to her on his temples up wors an the wa af figchte by ther ampr alexinder and having insoret himself rom the wa rouset of look tat t that his couthad be notest lefta romerthe plase it smile
	layer_4: burk bit on theclenest of coars withou a spot or speck of dust stid before a looking glass and brushed tha hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emper alexinder and having insured himself from the way rosst of looktat it that his cougrthad been notist left ter room f the plasat smile
	layer_6: bergbit on the clenest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stid before a looking glass and brushe the hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperoalexander and having ensured himself from the way rost of looktat it that his cout had been noticed left the room of tha plasat smile
	layer_8: bergpit on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stoood before a looking glass and brushed the hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room wth a plasant smile
	layer_10: berg put on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_12: berg put on the cleanest of courtz without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile

file: 1701-141760-0023.flac
expected: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_2: o dea was a best i oirn mutt ae rost ofas yo red the laster why
	layer_4: o dear was a beast i au mutteed rostoff as e read te letter why
	layer_6: oh dear wats a beast i am muttered rost off as he read the letter why
	layer_8: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostof as he read the letter why
	layer_10: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostof as he read the letter why
	layer_12: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostof as he read the letter why

file: 1701-141760-0024.flac
expected: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right let's have some
	layer_2: well have you san gaeriafor csome wite al right lace haveso
	layer_4: well have you sent gabri l for some winte all right lace have som
	layer_6: well have you sent gebriel for some white 'll right lit's have some
	layer_8: well have you sent gabriel for some wie all right lits have some
	layer_10: well have you sent gabriel for some white all right lit's have some
	layer_12: well have you sent gabriel for some white all right lyt's have some

file: 1701-141760-0025.flac
expected: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagration which the old countess at anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_2: and eletiifrom his parance was inclse dhe let of recumindation to bugretion whicehs the old contersit anemecolovfines advice had obteen threu an acquintence and sent to her son askkh im tike to isdeastination and mek use of it
	layer_4: ind helesier from his parente was inclused the lete of recummendation to by gretion which the old conters ad anamicalovness andvice had obten through an acquentence and sent to her son askim totik it to its destinition and mek yuse of it
	layer_6: in he leser from his parents was ienclused the letter of recommendation to bagrician which the old contesad anamicalovna's advice had obtain through an acquintance and sent to her son aski imed to take it to its destinetion and make use of it
	layer_8: in the letter from his parents was inclosed the letter of recommendation to bygrecian which the old countess at anna micelovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son askinghim to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_10: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bygrecian which the old countess had anna mikhalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_12: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bygretian which the old countess had anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it

file: 1701-141760-0026.flac
expected: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_2: why if yo throw not away askeporecs
	layer_4: why if you throw not away asked bores
	layer_6: why ive you throw nat away asked boris
	layer_8: why have you thrown that away asked baris
	layer_10: why hiv you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_12: why hiv you thrown that away asked bores

file: 1701-141760-0027.flac
expected: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_2: it is some letoro rect uenda shoun what e deal do i wantite for
	layer_4: it is some bletto of rec uindy tion what the deil do i want it for
	layer_6: it is some letter of reckmwindy tioand what the devil do i want it for
	layer_8: it is some letter of reckmindatioand what the devil do i want it for
	layer_10: it is some letter of recmindati and what the devil do i want it for
	layer_12: it is some letter of recmindati and what the devil do i want it for

file: 1701-141760-0028.flac
expected: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_2: he looed entently uniquirenly ito his frends eyes evident y tryingin ven to find the answiti somequestion
	layer_4: he looked hintently un enquirinly into his friends eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question
	layer_6: he looked intently uninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vin to find the answer to some question
	layer_8: he looked intently uninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question
	layer_10: he looked intently uninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question
	layer_12: he looked intently uninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question

file: 1701-141760-0029.flac
expected: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed because i knew i was right
	layer_2: which you be leve it knt i was not as hall a larmgd wis i knew i was right
	layer_4: which you believe it count i was not a tall alarmed his i knew i was right
	layer_6: would you believe at count i was not a t all alarmed as i knew i was right
	layer_8: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed as i knew i was right
	layer_10: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed as i knew i was right
	layer_12: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed as i knew i was right

file: 1701-141760-0030.flac
expected: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_2: i cmg forwart birks to dup and showld how he presanted himself wit his hand t who his cap and really it would hae ben difficult for a fac to express greator respect andselfcomplaconceye than hisdead
	layer_4: i came forwart berks toood up and shouled how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would hav ben difficult for a face to expresse greato respect and self complaceency than hisdid
	layer_6: i came forward berg stood up and shured how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_8: i came forward berk stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_10: i came forward berge stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_12: i came forward berge stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did

file: 1701-141760-0031.flac
expected: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_2: well he stoned it me as he sainges stoned and stomed and stomed
	layer_4: well he stormed it me as ho sing is stamed and stomed and stormed
	layer_6: well he stormed at me as the siing is starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_8: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_10: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_12: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed

file: 1701-141760-0032.flac
expected: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the saying is
	layer_2: it was not o mat of life but rade of death a tho seigrs
	layer_4: it was not to mater of life but raher of death as the seiing is
	layer_6: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_8: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_10: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_12: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is

file: 1701-141760-0033.flac
expected: albanians and devils and to siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_2: i'l badians and deavls an two sy be ria said bark with a sugicious smyle
	layer_4: i'll badians and devils and two siyberia said burk with a sigacious smile
	layer_6: albedians and devils and two siberia said berg with a sigacious smile
	layer_8: albadians and devils and two ciberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_10: albadians and devils and two siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_12: albanians and devils and two siberia said berg with a sagacious smile

file: 1701-141760-0034.flac
expected: still i remained silent and what do you think count
	layer_2: stil i remein silent at what o you think cout
	layer_4: still i remean silent it what ore you think coat
	layer_6: still i remeine silent a what dor you thank coate
	layer_8: still i remaind silent  what do you think cot
	layer_10: still i remained silent an what do you think coate
	layer_12: still i remained silent an what do you think coate

file: 1701-141760-0035.flac
expected: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_2: the nexta it was not evin mantiond an he arderce of tho d
	layer_4: the nextta it was not evin mention in the ordirs of the de
	layer_6: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the daye
	layer_8: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_10: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_12: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day

file: 1701-141760-0036.flac
expected: that's the way count said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_2: that's the way cot said bark lighting his pipe and imitting rings af smok
	layer_4: that's the wakcant said burg lighting his pipe and imitting rings of smok
	layer_6: that's the waye cunt said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smolk
	layer_8: that's the way cont said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smok
	layer_10: that's the way count said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_12: that's the way count said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke

file: 1701-141760-0037.flac
expected: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_2: yars thit was fins id ros of smili
	layer_4: yas thight was fins and rost off smiling
	layer_6: yes that was fines and rost off smiling
	layer_8: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_10: yes that was fine said rosov smiling
	layer_12: yes that was fine said rostov smiling

file: 1701-141760-0038.flac
expected: rostov was a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate lie
	layer_2: drust ot with a chriesfull young man and wi d o no act have toaldta deliberat li
	layer_4: drossto with a threseful young man and wed one know a caut hav told the deliperate li
	layer_6: drossto with a trustful young man and wed ow new a cout have tald he deliperate lie
	layer_8: rostov with a truthful young man and wedon now arccoute have told the deliberate lie
	layer_10: rostov with a truthful young man and wed on no accout have told the deliberate lie
	layer_12: rostov with a truthful young man and wed on no account have told the deliberate lie

file: 1701-141760-0039.flac
expected: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehood
	layer_2: he begant his stora meanin to tell ever thin jusesat happent te impercetibly invollunteorly an in evitibly he lope tinte of falsut
	layer_4: he began his story meaning to tell everthing just as at happened bet imperocetibly invalunteraly an inevitably he ellapestanto fallsuit
	layer_6: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsd into falsuit
	layer_8: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into fallsuit
	layer_10: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falshuit
	layer_12: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falshuit

file: 1701-141760-0040.flac
expected: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed toward boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_2: prince andrew who lighto help youn man was flatterd by be ask for has assistance and beng wel dhisbose to wars borus who had manished to plea sem te dabefore he wish to dou what young min wanteet
	layer_4: prince andrew who light to help young men was flattered by being ask for hes assistence and being well dispose towards borus who had managed to pleae hemded ay before he wished to do whate young man wanted
	layer_6: prince andrew who like to help young men was flatted by being askedfor his assistancse and being well disposed towards borus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_8: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boris who had managed to please shim the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_10: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_12: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted

file: 1701-141760-0041.flac
expected: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contempt with which rostov from his fighting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_2: i spit u prince anes disaaryaboe i ronical tan ispate of the coname with which rostoff from his faihting army point of yew regardied all ease letl agudtentce on the stag of hom the new come or was evidently one rost o felt confused belushed and became silent
	layer_4: is spate a prince andres disagreeabore i ronical ton ens spate of the contame with which rostoff from his faigting army point of ew regarded all these little agitance on testaff of hom the new comeme was evidently one rosst off felt confused belushed and became silent
	layer_6: in spate of prince andrwews disagreeaboue aronical tun in spate of the content with which rost off from his fating army point of view regarded all these little agutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rosst off felt confused bllushed and became silent
	layer_8: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical ton in spate of the content with which rostof from his fagting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the new comer was evidently won rostoff felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_10: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical ton in spite of the content with which rostov from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_12: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical ton in spite of the content with which rostov from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent

file: 1701-141760-0042.flac
expected: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one might ask about our plans
	layer_2: bor a sin quied what nes ther might be onde staf and whatce with hou indiscression one my askkiboytur plins
	layer_4: borras inquired what knewse ther might be on dherstaff and wat witehouh indiscretion one may ask aboutur plans
	layer_6: borrus inquired what news there might be on dhestaff and whatc without indiscretion one may ask about your plans
	layer_8: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and whatc without indiscretion one may ask about your plans
	layer_10: borres inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one may ask about your plans
	layer_12: borres inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one may ask about your plans

file: 1701-141760-0043.flac
expected: we shall probably advance replied bolkonski evidently reluctant to say more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_2: we shall promably advance replied bol cosky evidently reloctitd to seeme more in e presence of astranger
	layer_4: we shall promably advance replied bolcoskie evidently relucetid to see more in thepresenc of a stranger
	layer_6: we shall probably advance replied balkoski evidently relucted to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_8: we shall probably advance replied boalkoski evidently reluctad to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_10: we shall probably advance replied bolkoski evidently reluctant to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_12: we shall probably advance replied bolkoski evidently reluctant to see more in the presence of a stranger

file: 1701-141760-0044.flac
expected: berg took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_2: burcktathe oppertunit to ask with great poligtness whoere ther as was remerds the alowins o foridge money to captence of companiys wud be doubled
	layer_4: burkt at the opportunityd to ask with great politness where ther as wash rumers the elloins of forige money to capsaence of companies whu be doubled
	layer_6: berket at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whe the as was rumoured the allowance of foriage money to captaince of companies whoe be doubled
	layer_8: burked at the opportunity to ask with great politeness where ther as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companyes whoe be doubled
	layer_10: berktook the opportunity to ask with great politeness wheether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of company's wo be doubled
	layer_12: berk took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of company's wo be doubled

file: 1701-141760-0045.flac
expected: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_2: i was s thear sid rost of angreea as if enteni to insalt the ih decop
	layer_4: i was thear said rost of angroi as if intening to in saught the e decamp
	layer_6: i was sthere said rostov angril as if intending to ensault they aite the camp
	layer_8: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide dhe camp
	layer_10: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult they aid the camp
	layer_12: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult they aid the camp

file: 1701-141760-0046.flac
expected: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes there are many stories now told about that affair
	layer_2: it a slightly contenptous smy il he said yesk that i many storyes nogh toldhor at that rfer
	layer_4: ith a slintly contenmptous smile he said yes that i many storyes no told habat that affear
	layer_6: with a slightly contemptus smile he said yes that i many storiyes now tal hebut that affear
	layer_8: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many stories now tald about that affar
	layer_10: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many stories now told about that affair
	layer_12: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many stories now told about that affair

file: 1701-141760-0047.flac
expected: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_2: but oaur storys of the stoyies of man who havepin unter the enemys fire
	layer_4: but our stories o the stoyies of man who have been under the enemis fire
	layer_6: but our stories are the stories of man who have been undor the enemy's fire
	layer_8: but our stories are the stories of men who have been unde the enemy's fire
	layer_10: but our stories are the stories of man who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_12: but our stories are the stories of man who have been under the enemy's fire

file: 1701-141760-0048.flac
expected: our stories have some weight not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_2: ierstoris have some waits not like the stloies of thogses fellows on the staffh who get rewas withit doing nething
	layer_4: aer storyes halve some weihts not like thes thlories of those fellows on the staff who get rewas wrthout doing aneything
	layer_6: our stories half some weights not like the sthories of those fellows on the staff who get rewars without doing anything
	layer_8: our stories have some weigt not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewars without doing anything
	layer_10: our stories have some wait not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_12: our stories have some wait not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything

file: 1701-141760-0049.flac
expected: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_2: however he addedrisy you no my name and weret o fine me bet dong't forget tha i do not regad i thr myself ord you as having ben itoll insulteeds and as a man ol tor than you my had ficees tillit the matter drop
	layer_4: however he addded rizing you know my name and were to find me budooug't forget that i do not regod eithr myself or you as having been atol insalted and as ta man all ther than you my advic as toll it the matter drop
	layer_6: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me be dought forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insalted and as a man ordter than you my advice is tolet the matter drop
	layer_8: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man ordther than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_10: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_12: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop

file: 1701-141760-0050.flac
expected: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bow to them both he went out
	layer_2: exclaime printe andryw and wash a bo tof them borth he went ot
	layer_4: excleime prince aundrw and with a boato them borth he went out
	layer_6: exclaime prince andrew and with a bowt of them borth he went out
	layer_8: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bowat of them borth he went out
	layer_10: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat o them both he went out
	layer_12: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat o them both he went out

file: 1701-141760-0051.flac
expected: and he was still more angry at having omitted to say it
	layer_2: and he was stol more an gret having o mitted to seairs
	layer_4: and he was stoln more angret having o mitty to sars
	layer_6: and he was stille more angred having amitted to sais
	layer_8: and he was still more angrit having omitted to says
	layer_10: and he was still more angry at having omitted to says
	layer_12: and he was still more angry at having omitted to seyas

file: 1701-141760-0052.flac
expected: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of boris rode home
	layer_2: he arded his harse at ose and caldly tekingleave r borse rog hom
	layer_4: he orded his harse at oncs and coldly tikhing leave a bors road home
	layer_6: he orderd his heorse at once and coldly taking leave a borrs rod home
	layer_8: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leavea bores rode home
	layer_10: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of borese rode home
	layer_12: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of barese rode home

file: 1701-141760-0053.flac
expected: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way
	layer_2: shod he gus to head quartees naxety and chaln iged ther affated autent a realiy let the matter drop wath the qression that woite him all the we
	layer_4: should he gos to head quartrs noxty and challningh that affated igitent ar really let the matter drop was de question that worid him all the we
	layer_6: should he go to headquarter's nextdyya and charnnge that effeted ajutant or really let the matter drop wis the question that wrried him all the we
	layer_8: should he go to headquarters next day and chalnenge tha affeted adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that woried him all the we
	layer_10: should he go to headquarters next day and challnge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the we
	layer_12: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge tha affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the wea

file: 1701-141759-0000.flac
expected: it was long since the rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_2: it was longs incs r rosto s had nes of niclurs
	layer_4: it was longs ince harostos had news of nickholus
	layer_6: it was longsinc sirostos had news of nickholas
	layer_8: it was long sinc er rostos had news of nicholas
	layer_10: it was long since e rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_12: it was long since e rostovs had news of nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0001.flac
expected: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_2: not so mit wenter was the con tat last handid arlitor a dressten his suns hand ritiy
	layer_4: not teill mid winter was the cont at last handed a letter addressed an his son's handrating
	layer_6: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwrating
	layer_8: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's hand writing
	layer_10: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_12: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting

file: 1701-141759-0002.flac
expected: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_2: on receiving ats he ranon tip to  to his study an alarm and hast tryind tyo re scipe notes closed te door and begain to re deleter
	layer_4: on receiving it he ran on tiptor to his study an a larm and haste trying to rescepe notis closed the door and began to redeletter
	layer_6: on receiving it he ran on tip tou to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice close the door and began to redeletter
	layer_8: on receiving it he ran on tipto to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to re dheletther
	layer_10: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to red the letter
	layer_12: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter

file: 1701-141759-0003.flac
expected: each time that these hints began to make the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhaylovna the latter very adroitly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_2: eash tin tat tese hens begun to mee the tontes anxtius and sheu glasd un easillhy at the cot and at anamecolofno the lasor very addroyetly turned de convercetion to insignivicet matters
	layer_4: each tine that these hence begun to mee the con teis anxious and she glansed uneasily at the cont and it anna mi calloveno the late very addroyetly turned the convercation to insignificant matters
	layer_6: each tie that these hence begun to mee the contes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna micalovno the later very addroyedly turned te conversetion to insignificant matters
	layer_8: each time that these hentes began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikalovno the latter very adroiadly toned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_10: each time that these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhalovno the latter very adroyatly toned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_12: each time that these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhalovno the latter very adroyatly toned the conversation to insignificant matters

file: 1701-141759-0004.flac
expected: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_2: but for god sa be cirefuor you know herd me affect your mama
	layer_4: but for god say be karefol you kneow hor t me affect your mamo
	layer_6: but for god's say be careful you know how it me affect your mamma
	layer_8: but for god's say be careful you know how it may effect your mamma
	layer_10: but for god's sae be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_12: but for god's saye be careful you know how it may affect your mamma

file: 1701-141759-0005.flac
expected: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_2: no ar my thooe warte of onor said the ta shr croussing herself i wot tell any one
	layer_4: no ir my true ward of honour said thettasha cruossing herself i want tell any one
	layer_6: no a my true ward of honour said netasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_8: no ane my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one
	layer_10: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one
	layer_12: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone

file: 1701-141759-0006.flac
expected: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_2: and she ran off it os toe sonyu
	layer_4: and she ran off at woncs te sonya
	layer_6: and she ran off at once to sona
	layer_8: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_10: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_12: and she ran off at once to sonya

file: 1701-141759-0007.flac
expected: she rushed to sonya hugged her and began to cry
	layer_2: shewrushed to sown yur howed he and began to cry
	layer_4: she rushed hi sawnyea hugked her and began to cry
	layer_6: she rushed hi sonya hurked her and began to cry
	layer_8: she rushed to sona hurked her and began to cry
	layer_10: she rushed to sonya hucked her and began to cry
	layer_12: she rushed to sonya hucked her and began to cry

file: 1701-141759-0008.flac
expected: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolute strides
	layer_2: its too the a you wimen oa cry babe sihm art pettiur pascing te roomith lage resol et strits
	layer_4: it's to the ol you women a crybeby ha mark petu pessing the roomith large resollate strits
	layer_6: it's tru he all you women are cry beby shremarked petya pessing the room ath large resulate strats
	layer_8: it's tru the all you women are crybabyes remarked petya pessing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_10: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked pettya pensing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_12: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked pettya pencing the room with large resolate straits

file: 1701-141759-0009.flac
expected: you are all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_2: your al bluberas and an destine nothi
	layer_4: your all blubberis and undestan nothing
	layer_6: your all blubberrs and understand nothing
	layer_8: you're all blobbers and understand nothing
	layer_10: you're all blubberers an understand nothing
	layer_12: you're all blubberers an understand nothing

file: 1701-141759-0010.flac
expected: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_2: the tachous smyl throug her tears
	layer_4: the taches smile throeugh her tears
	layer_6: netashes smile through her tears
	layer_8: natashes smiled through her tears
	layer_10: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_12: natasha smiled through her tears

file: 1701-141759-0011.flac
expected: what nasty brutes they are
	layer_2: what naste brits the ar
	layer_4: what naste brouts the ar
	layer_6: what nasty brutes the ar
	layer_8: what nasty brutes the are
	layer_10: what nasty brutes thee are
	layer_12: what nasty brutes they are

file: 1701-141759-0012.flac
expected: hold your tongue petya what a goose you are
	layer_2: ol your tumgpite what a gi yeou are
	layer_4: hold your tome pite what a gou you are
	layer_6: hold your tonme peo what a goushyou are
	layer_8: hold your tongue pito what a gooshe you are
	layer_10: hold your tongue pito what a gooshe you are
	layer_12: hold your tongue pico what a gooshe you are

file: 1701-141759-0013.flac
expected: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas
	layer_2: son you smiles do i rememberen nhy cluse
	layer_4: son yeu smileds do i rememberen le clus
	layer_6: sonya smileds do i remember le cluss
	layer_8: sonya smiled do i remember me cluss
	layer_10: sonya smiled do i remember ne cluss
	layer_12: sonya smiled do i remember ne cluss

file: 1701-141759-0014.flac
expected: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_2: i da mamben nicol ing to too iremember him well she said
	layer_4: i damembernicollying to too i remember him well she said
	layer_6: i dremember nikolengto two i remember him well she said
	layer_8: i remember nikolengta too i remember him well she said
	layer_10: i remember nikolengta too i remember him well she said
	layer_12: i remember nikolenta too i remember him well she said

file: 1701-141759-0015.flac
expected: no she shut her eyes
	layer_2: no she shut her es
	layer_4: no she shut her eyes
	layer_6: no she shut her eyes
	layer_8: no she shut her eyes
	layer_10: no she shut her eyes
	layer_12: no she shut her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0016.flac
expected: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_2: she fel that son yor wae speking a truth that there wors such live ar son oa was speaking of
	layer_4: she felt that son yer was speaking to truth that there wors such love a sonyar wars speaking off
	layer_6: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there worst such love a sonya wes speaking off
	layer_8: she felt that sonya was speaking tho truth that there wer such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_10: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there were such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_12: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there were such love as sonya was speaking of

file: 1701-141759-0017.flac
expected: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_2: sheu believed it could be bhut did ne undestand is
	layer_4: she believed it could be bet did not understand it
	layer_6: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_8: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_10: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_12: she believed it could be but did not understand it

file: 1701-141759-0018.flac
expected: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_2: shal you raht to him she aske
	layer_4: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_6: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_8: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_10: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_12: shall you write to him she asked

file: 1701-141759-0019.flac
expected: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_2: ne that he was al ready an officir and a woinded hero whoul dit be rito remint him af f erself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_4: ne that he was already an officer and i winded hero would it be riht to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_6: new that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be righte to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_8: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_10: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_12: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself

file: 1701-141759-0020.flac
expected: i don't know
	layer_2: i tou't kno
	layer_4: i don't know
	layer_6: i don't know
	layer_8: i don't know
	layer_10: i don't know
	layer_12: i don't know

file: 1701-141759-0021.flac
expected: sonya smiled no
	layer_2: so yu smils now
	layer_4: soyu smiles no
	layer_6: soya smiles no
	layer_8: soya smiles no
	layer_10: sonya smiles no
	layer_12: sonya smiles no

file: 1701-141759-0022.flac
expected: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was how petya described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he meant natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_2: is becaeseshe was an loe without fat one his spectycals that was or pituore descried his neam seke the new cot bis u cof an now shes an lovewith thou singur he med nmatashus ittallyin sem master dats why shes a shand
	layer_4: i's becone she was an love withoat fat one his specticles that was ho piture discraed his neame stak the new cope isukof and know she's an love without sing er he made natashes ittaryan singn master that'swy she's ashiemed
	layer_6: it's becaue she was in love with thaut fat one ispectacles that was ho piture descraed his namsek the new cot bazukovh and now she's in love with thout singer he mede natashas ittalian singing master that's why she's ashemed
	layer_8: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was her pictur described his namesteke the new cote bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he mede natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_10: it's because she was in love with that fat one hins spectacles that was her picture described his nameseik the new cot bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he mete natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_12: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her picture described his nameseik the new comt bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he mete natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed

file: 1701-141759-0023.flac
expected: petya you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_2: pet yur your  stipedt said netacha
	layer_4: petr you'r a sthuped said natarcha
	layer_6: petyur youra stupid said natacha
	layer_8: petyur you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_10: petya you're stupid said natasha
	layer_12: petya you're stupid said natasha

file: 1701-141759-0024.flac
expected: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhaylovna's hints at dinner
	layer_2: the con te s hait beng prepeared by unemy colovness heads at denner
	layer_4: the conters had been prepeared by anemi calloveness heads at dener
	layer_6: the countess had been prepared by anemicalovenus heads at denner
	layer_8: the countess had been prepared by any mi kelovna's heads at dinner
	layer_10: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhalovna's heads at dinner
	layer_12: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhaylovna's heads at dinner

file: 1701-141759-0025.flac
expected: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuffbox while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_2: on retirring to her on room she satin an arm chere her eye saksd on imenatu arpporttrate hover son on the lid of a snouf boxs while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_4: on retiring to her own room she sat ing an arm cheer her eyes frixsd on i minature portrite ofvher son on nelid of a snuff box while the tears kep coming into her eyes
	layer_6: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes frixed on a miniature portraite of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_8: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes frixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_10: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_12: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0026.flac
expected: the count put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_2: the cts pruthis er to the kehae and lessend
	layer_4: the coats put his ear to the keyhal and lestend
	layer_6: the coats put his ear to the keyhall and listened
	layer_8: the coat put his ear to the keyhall and listened
	layer_10: the coat put his ear to the keyhall and listened
	layer_12: the coat put his ear to the keyhall and listened

file: 1701-141759-0027.flac
expected: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anna mikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_2: at fiarst y heard to sond of idifferent voicies then innemy collovnas voce alon an a long speech then a cry then silans then both foce is together with glrad intinations and then fout steps
	layer_4: at first he heard te soned of indifferent voices then i nammy calovnes's voice alon in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intenations and then foutsteps
	layer_6: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then aunemicalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinatians and then footsteps
	layer_8: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then anemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_10: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annemikhalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voicesed together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_12: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annemikhalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voicesed together with glad intonations and then footsteps

file: 1701-141759-0028.flac
expected: anna mikhaylovna opened the door
	layer_2: an anme olovena open the door
	layer_4: anm me ca love no open the door
	layer_6: animicalovna opened the door
	layer_8: animikalovna opened the door
	layer_10: annimiaylovna opened the door
	layer_12: annimikalovna opened the door

file: 1701-141759-0029.flac
expected: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_2: when she heardde son yo blushed so that ers cim into her eyes and unable to bear the loks turned epon her ran away anto the dansing hall wher ol drind et it fill speed with her dress pofet ort le cabelun and flushed and smyly pluped dine on te flore
	layer_4: when she heard is sonyur blushed so that ters came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall wherold rined it at fil speed with her drass pofdout li cabaloon and flushed and smiling pluped dne onde floor
	layer_6: when she heard thi sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall wherrold round it at ful speed with her dress puffed out likea balloon and flushed and smiling plumped downe on the floor
	layer_8: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_10: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_12: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor

file: 1701-141759-0030.flac
expected: the countess was crying
	layer_2: the konters was cryn
	layer_4: the contesst was cray
	layer_6: the contesst was crayng
	layer_8: the contess was crayg
	layer_10: the contess was crying
	layer_12: the contess was crying

file: 1701-141759-0031.flac
expected: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_2: from o he say s ont should be gladand not cry
	layer_4: from o he say as one should be glad and not cry
	layer_6: from a he say as once should be glad and not cry
	layer_8: from all he say as one should be glad and not cry
	layer_10: from all he say s one should be glad and not cry
	layer_12: from all he say s one should be glad and not cry

file: 1701-141759-0032.flac
expected: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_2: how charmingly he disgrybe said she reading the discreppt of part oit the letter and what a soul
	layer_4: how charmingly he descrabe said she readding the discript ove part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_6: how charmingly he describe said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_8: how charmingly he described said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_10: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_12: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul

file: 1701-141759-0033.flac
expected: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_2: i al wes sayt when he was only so high i al was sait
	layer_4: i alwas said when he was only so high i all ways said
	layer_6: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_8: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_10: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_12: i always said when he was only so high i always said

file: 8173-294714-0000.flac
expected: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_2: i hav been told that mister vambran is inpresen for det i said
	layer_4: i hase been told that mister vambrant is impreson for det i said
	layer_6: i have been told that mister vanbra is in present for debt i said
	layer_8: i have been told that mister van brand is in prison for debt i said
	layer_10: i have been told that mister van brand is in prison for debt i said
	layer_12: i have been told that mister van brand is in prison for debt i said

file: 8173-294714-0001.flac
expected: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_2: and i s fom my self las night that he had lef you hoplecs
	layer_4: and i saw from yself last night that he had left you holpless
	layer_6: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpeless
	layer_8: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_10: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_12: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless

file: 8173-294714-0002.flac
expected: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_2: heeltaft me the little muney he had with him when he was arested she rejoine satly
	layer_4: he af me the little money he had with him when he was arested she rejoined sadly
	layer_6: he lef me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_8: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_10: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_12: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly

file: 8173-294714-0003.flac
expected: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_2: his cr cretteters ane more to plainedhad he is for the poverty that his faleananus
	layer_4: his crue creditors are more to blamnedin he is for the poverty that his fallenhon us
	layer_6: his cruel creditors are more to blane than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_8: his cruel creditors are more to blane than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_10: his cruel creditors are more to bland than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_12: his cruel creditors are more to bland than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us

file: 8173-294714-0004.flac
expected: even this negative defense of van brandt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_2: even thiss negeden tofense of then brat stong wmy to the quik i ught to have sboken wore guardedsly oaf him y said beterly
	layer_4: even thiss neggodent ofence of than braape stung me to the quick i oughto have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_6: even this negatant defencei van brappt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_8: even this negatant defence ie an brapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_10: even this negadant defenceif van brapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_12: even this negadant defenceife van brapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly

file: 8173-294714-0005.flac
expected: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can inflict on her when he is the man whom she loves
	layer_2: i ougtto have er memberd that i woman cen for gve almolst any rongd phan a man con in sift on her when hers a man whom she leves
	layer_4: i augto have remembered that a woman kin forgive almost any rong than a man can an slift on her when herias and man whom she loves
	layer_6: i ought to have remembered that a woman kin forgive almost any wrong than a man can inslift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_8: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can enslift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_10: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can ensift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_12: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can ensift on her when he is a man whom she loves

file: 8173-294714-0006.flac
expected: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_2: sheplit her hand o mymouth and stopt mne tbefor y could sa ny more
	layer_4: she pet her hand on my mouth and stop me before i could say any more
	layer_6: she put her hand on my mouth and stoppe me before i could say any more
	layer_8: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_10: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_12: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more

file: 8173-294714-0007.flac
expected: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_2: hakin usepeak s o crulaseme she askt
	layer_4: haging upeak s o crula so me she asked
	layer_6: how can you speak so cruly to me she asked
	layer_8: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_10: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_12: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked

file: 8173-294714-0008.flac
expected: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_2: you know to my shame i confestit you the last imle we met you know that my heart in secrit is allyors
	layer_4: you know to my shame i confesed it to you the last thomle le meat you know that my heart in secret is all yors
	layer_6: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart ind secret is all yours
	layer_8: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_10: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_12: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours

file: 8173-294714-0009.flac
expected: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_2: what brang a you tapking ou
	layer_4: what brong are you taking offh
	layer_6: what bwrng are you talking of
	layer_8: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_10: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_12: what wrong are you talking of

file: 8173-294714-0010.flac
expected: is it the wrong i suffered when van brandt married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_2: is it the rong a suffered wen van bratmarriede mee with a wifeliving at the time and living stil
	layer_4: is it the rong i suffered when van brantmarried meaet with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_6: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married meat with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_8: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_10: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married mea with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_12: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married mea with a wife living at the time and living still

file: 8173-294714-0011.flac
expected: do you think i can ever forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_2: do yus think a can over forget the great nmes fortionof my life the missfortun that hus made me unwore the of you
	layer_4: do you think i canover forget the greatness fortion of my life the mis fortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_6: do you think i cannever forget the great issfortone of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_8: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_10: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_12: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you

file: 8173-294714-0012.flac
expected: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who is playing out there with her doll is my child
	layer_2: it is now falt of mine god nos but it is not the lest true that i am not merd and that the little jarling who whas plaing out there with her dall as my child
	layer_4: it is no faltof mind god knos but it is not the lesst true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her dall as my child
	layer_6: it is no fault of mind god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little garling who wis playing out there with her doll as my child
	layer_8: it is no fault of mind god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who wis playing out there with her doll ws my child
	layer_10: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll ow's my child
	layer_12: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll ow's my child

file: 8173-294714-0013.flac
expected: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_2: and you talk of my being your wae nowing that the chald exceps meas her secon father i said
	layer_4: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepths me ans her second father i said
	layer_6: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_8: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_10: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_12: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said

file: 8173-294714-0014.flac
expected: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as the child pride she repeated
	layer_2: it would be betttere and happyaur for us boh if you hat as little pried as i child prid she repete
	layer_4: it would be better and hapyaur for us both if you hot as little prid as a child pried she repeate
	layer_6: it would be better ind hapier for us both if you hat as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_8: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_10: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_12: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated

file: 8173-294714-0015.flac
expected: in such a position as mine
	layer_2: in such am position ats mine
	layer_4: in such a position as mine
	layer_6: in such a position as mine
	layer_8: in such a position as mine
	layer_10: in such a position as mine
	layer_12: in such a position as mine

file: 8173-294714-0016.flac
expected: a helpless woman with a mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_2: a helpless woman with the mok usben in prison for det
	layer_4: a helpbless woman with the mak husban an prison for det
	layer_6: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_8: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_10: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_12: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt

file: 8173-294714-0017.flac
expected: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_2: and might to mary you for my fhed in shelt her
	layer_4: it mig to marry you for my fod and shalter
	layer_6: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_8: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_10: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_12: am i to marry you for my food and shelter

file: 8173-294714-0018.flac
expected: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_2: ind mi tomary you becaue thers no lowful ti that byi ans me to the father of my child
	layer_4: ind mig to mary you because theres no lawfl ti that by ancs me to the father of my child
	layer_6: in mi to marry you because there is no lawful tie that biance me to the father of my child
	layer_8: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_10: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_12: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child

file: 8173-294714-0019.flac
expected: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_2: bat is he is he his not for sakan me he his been force away
	layer_4: bat as he is he has not for saken me he has been forced away
	layer_6: tad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_8: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_10: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_12: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away

file: 8173-294714-0020.flac
expected: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_2: myt onway friend is it possible that you think ne ungrafull enough to consent to be yur wife
	layer_4: myt onwly friend is it possible that you think me ungraful enough to consent to be yur wife
	layer_6: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrafl enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_8: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_10: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_12: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife

file: 8173-294714-0021.flac
expected: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_2: the woman anmycsetuation must be heartles indeed who cold destroryer place in he as timation of the world in the regart of oe frient
	layer_4: the woman admi setuation must be heartless indeed who coud destroy or place tind the es timation of the world indthe regard of you friends
	layer_6: the woman and my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy our place thin the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_8: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_10: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_12: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends

file: 8173-294714-0022.flac
expected: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_2: theugh rechud its createre thout wolxs e straeds whichring from tritting ou en thoat way
	layer_4: the retchedis creature that walkshestrets which srink from treating you in that way
	layer_6: the wretchedice creature that walks e streets which shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_8: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets whilch shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_10: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets which shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_12: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets which shrink from treating you in that way

file: 8173-294714-0023.flac
expected: oh what are men made of
	layer_2: watter men madtof
	layer_4: oh what her men matof
	layer_6: oh what er men made off
	layer_8: oh what are men made of
	layer_10: oh what aure men made of
	layer_12: oh what are men made of

file: 8173-294714-0024.flac
expected: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_2: hom can you how tangyo' speak of i
	layer_4: ho can you how can you speak of i
	layer_6: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_8: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_10: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_12: how can you how can you speak of it

file: 8173-294714-0025.flac
expected: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_2: a you'l died and spoke of it no more
	layer_4: a yuel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_6: i yiel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_8: i yild did and spoke of it no more
	layer_10: i yildid and spoke of it no more
	layer_12: i yieldid and spoke of it no more

file: 8173-294714-0026.flac
expected: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_2: every wor she uttered only incriese my admiration of the noble creature whom iv had loved and lost
	layer_4: every word she utttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom iv had loved and lost
	layer_6: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ie had loved and lost
	layer_8: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_10: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_12: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost

file: 8173-294714-0027.flac
expected: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_2: bitterly as i hated the man who  partedus and loved h rdearly anough to be even kapble of pholpping him for her sake hoples invacuation
	layer_4: bitterly as i hated the man who a parted us and loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_6: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us id loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_8: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_10: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_12: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation

file: 8173-294714-0028.flac
expected: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_2: i don't do nihe i don' ex cuseit hopless an fatuuation you hav for given me i said
	layer_4: i don't teni it i don't excuse it hopeless an faturation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_6: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_8: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_10: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_12: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said

file: 8173-294714-0029.flac
expected: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_2: lat me deserv to be forgiven
	layer_4: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_6: let me deserved to be forgiven
	layer_8: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_10: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_12: let me deserve to be forgiven

file: 8173-294714-0030.flac
expected: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_2: it as somtin to ber only friend
	layer_4: it is something to be ar only friend
	layer_6: it is something to be er only friend
	layer_8: it is something to be our only friend
	layer_10: it is something to be our only friend
	layer_12: it is something to be our only friend

file: 8173-294714-0031.flac
expected: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_2: you must have plance ore the heuthur tell me unreservedly how i can helpe you
	layer_4: you must have plance wer the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_6: you must have plants for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_8: you must have plants for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_10: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_12: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you

file: 8173-294714-0032.flac
expected: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_2: compleed te good worf that you had tbegun she answer greatfully hewld me back to hoaulf
	layer_4: compleep te good work that you had thegun she answered greatfully held me back to health
	layer_6: complete the good work that you have bhegun she answered gratefully helpd me back to halth
	layer_8: complete the good work that you have thegun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_10: complete the good work that you have the gun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_12: complete the good work that you have the gun she answered gratefully help me back to health

file: 8173-294714-0033.flac
expected: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_2: make me strogonough to suid mit to adoctor's astimit of mychantcsom livting for someiearsiet
	layer_4: make me strong enough to submit to adoctor's estiment of my chanis of living for some yars yet
	layer_6: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimite of my chanes of living for some years yet
	layer_8: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_10: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_12: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet

file: 8173-294714-0034.flac
expected: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_2: a docter's astimat of your chancees of living a repetet what you mean
	layer_4: adoctor's astimat of your chances of living i repeatid what o you mean
	layer_6: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeatid what do you mean
	layer_8: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_10: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_12: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean

file: 8173-294714-0035.flac
expected: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_2: i haly now had  tell you she said without st beaking again of mister van brant
	layer_4: i hardly know had to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_6: i hardly know hod to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_8: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_10: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_12: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt

file: 8173-294714-0036.flac
expected: does speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_2: tespeaking of him again min speaking of histet si ast
	layer_4: thispeaking of him again man speaking of his dead si asket
	layer_6: this speaking of him again mean speaking of his deabt s i askd
	layer_8: thes speaking of him again means speaking of his debths i asked
	layer_10: thes speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_12: thes speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked

file: 8173-294714-0037.flac
expected: why need you hesitate
	layer_2: wy me do ha itat
	layer_4: why mea yo hed etate
	layer_6: why mea ou had itate
	layer_8: why meand you heitate
	layer_10: why mean you hesitate
	layer_12: why mean you hesitate

file: 8173-294714-0038.flac
expected: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties
	layer_2: you know that there is nothing hi wl not dyou to eleave yor ingsieti
	layer_4: you know that there is nothing i will not do to eleve yore en siety
	layer_6: you know that there is nothing i will not do to releve your insiety
	layer_8: you know that there is nothing i will not do to elieve your inxiety
	layer_10: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxiety
	layer_12: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxiety

file: 8173-294714-0039.flac
expected: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_2: novfer let be tel you the plain t ruo
	layer_4: nefer let me tell you ae plain trou
	layer_6: never let me tell you he plain truth
	layer_8: never let me tell you he plain truth
	layer_10: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_12: never let me tell you the plain truth

file: 8173-294714-0040.flac
expected: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_2: there is a serious nessusity fer his geting out of prisen
	layer_4: there is a serious necsussitya foor his geting out of prison
	layer_6: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_8: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_10: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_12: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison

file: 8173-294714-0041.flac
expected: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_2: yes this is his pousition in two words a little whils sen s he a tained in excel an offer of aim ploim in a broid from r rich relli tive ef his and heahad man all his arangemes to xcupt ict
	layer_4: yes this is his position in two words a little while sencse he obtained an excellen offer of imployntman a broad from a riche relative of his and he had man all his arrangemens to eccept it
	layer_6: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employtment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had man all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_8: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of empoyment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had maind all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_10: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_12: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it

file: 8173-294714-0042.flac
expected: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_2: anm happely he returneto tall me of is goodforton and as saime day he was arested fordet
	layer_4: anhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and as same day he was a rested for dept
	layer_6: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debpt
	layer_8: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_10: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debth
	layer_12: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debth

file: 8173-294714-0043.flac
expected: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_2: thes nar that had been set for her wits plainlin revild in thost fwarwords
	layer_4: thi snare that had been set for her witsh plainliyg reveald in those farwords
	layer_6: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those fourwords
	layer_8: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_10: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_12: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words

file: 8173-294714-0044.flac
expected: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_2: in the i of the la she was of cours a seenge woman she was havf ailge she was to allentensand purpases her own mistrets
	layer_4: in the eye of the la she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intens in purposes her own mistress
	layer_6: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intense in purposes her own mistress
	layer_8: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intense and purposes her own mistress
	layer_10: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_12: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress

file: 8173-294714-0045.flac
expected: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give van brandt a direct interest in her death
	layer_2: what was there to grevren her from and suring herlie if she pleased and fromso disposing of the insurnes as ty givd fan brea a tdo rect interist in her death
	layer_4: what was there to grevent her from in suring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurnc as to give famprat a derect interst in her death
	layer_6: what was there to gravent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vampera a direct interest in her death
	layer_8: what was there to crevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vampra a direct interest in her death
	layer_10: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of insurance as to give vampra a direct interest in her death
	layer_12: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of insurance as to give vampra a direct interest in her death

file: 8173-294714-0046.flac
expected: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_2: thinks to the happy axcider of myphosicion the one certain way a prtecting her la easily with he mireach
	layer_4: thinks to the happy accidernt of my position the on certain way a protecting her lay easily with then my reach
	layer_6: thinks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way af protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_8: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_10: thanks to the happy accident of my position the onecertain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_12: thanks to the happy accident of my position the onecertain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach

file: 8173-294714-0047.flac
expected: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_2: i could offor to len the stondral tha money tat he wanted an an hourst notiucs and he was aman to excepmy roposeal quite is asily as i could make it
	layer_4: i could offere to len thi stondri the money that heu wanted an an hours notice and he was aman to axcept my proposal quite is easily as i could make it
	layer_6: i could offered to lend this scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hours notice and he was a mand to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_8: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_10: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_12: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it

file: 8173-294714-0048.flac
expected: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_2: you are quit mastaken e replied
	layer_4: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_6: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_8: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_10: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_12: you are quite mistaken i replied

file: 8173-294714-0049.flac
expected: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_2: i amoly doubting wethey or pline fher releaving nissere van brant of his ein bariasmence is quites hu simplsiye suppose
	layer_4: i am only doubting whether or plind for relieving nister vant brant of his embarassments is quite she simpleasye suppose
	layer_6: i am only doubting whether yourplin for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite sa simple as yeu suppose
	layer_8: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_10: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_12: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose

file: 8173-294714-0050.flac
expected: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_2: i you awere of te delays that er likely to take place before ible ye pcossible to br money oing epolliceof an curnce
	layer_4: i you aweare of the delase that aur likely to take place before itbile ye possible to barow money on yoar policy of ensurance
	layer_6: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borow money on your policy of encurance
	layer_8: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_10: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_12: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance

file: 8173-294714-0051.flac
expected: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_2: i know notthing about it she said sidly
	layer_4: i know nothing about it she said saidly
	layer_6: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_8: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_10: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_12: i know nothing about it she said sadly

file: 8173-294714-0052.flac
expected: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_2: wll you let me asket advice of my tlors
	layer_4: wilh you let me asked advice of my loyrs
	layer_6: would you let me ask advice of my lawyers
	layer_8: would you let me ask advice of my lawyers
	layer_10: wiuld you let me ask advice of my lawyers
	layer_12: willd you let me ask advice of my lawyers

file: 8173-294714-0053.flac
expected: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_2: they are ctrust whereey aunexperiansmen and i am sur the con be of hus tyou
	layer_4: they are trust where thy anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of used to you
	layer_6: they are trustwerthe unexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_8: they are trustwerthy unexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_10: they are trustworthy unexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_12: they are trustworthy unexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you

file: 8173-294714-0054.flac
expected: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_2: caosiously as i had xpessed myseolf her deli kas se tiok the alarm
	layer_4: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicascy tiok the alarm
	layer_6: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_8: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_10: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_12: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm

file: 8173-294714-0055.flac
expected: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_2: promise sthat you won't askd me to bara money of eu for mischer vem brantch she rejoind and i wil excupt you help grapully
	layer_4: promise that you won't asked me to barow money of hew for mister vem branc she rejoined and i will except your help grapully
	layer_6: promise that you won't ask me toborrow money of hyou for mister vanbranch she rejoined and i will accept your help graefully
	layer_8: promise that you won't ask me toborrow money of youh for mister van brandth she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_10: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brant she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_12: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of youg for mister van brant she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully

file: 8173-294714-0056.flac
expected: i could honestly promise that
	layer_2: i could onesly pomis thac
	layer_4: i could honesly promise that
	layer_6: i could honestly promised that
	layer_8: i could honestly promise that
	layer_10: i could honestly promise that
	layer_12: i could honestly promise that

file: 8173-294714-0057.flac
expected: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue
	layer_2: my one chancs of savring her lay keeping from her knoldge ta course haa had nowt determine ticerso
	layer_4: my one chance of saving her lay ind keeping from her knowledge to courseha  had now determined to prsue
	layer_6: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to coursethat  had now determined to pursu
	layer_8: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge tho corsethat i had now determined to pursue
	layer_10: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa had now determined to pursue
	layer_12: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsai had now determined to pursue

file: 8173-294714-0058.flac
expected: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_2: i rosed to go whioe my rvesolition stil sastame to me
	layer_4: i rose to go while my resolution still sustaine t me
	layer_6: i rose to go while my resolution still susdained me
	layer_8: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_10: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_12: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me

file: 8173-294714-0059.flac
expected: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_2: kis ne she was sprd befor you go
	layer_4: kiss kne she was sperd before you go
	layer_6: kiss kny she whispered before you go
	layer_8: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_10: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_12: kiss me she whispered before you go

file: 8173-294714-0060.flac
expected: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_2: it is only er goodness set over poweras me
	layer_4: it is only her goodness at over powers me
	layer_6: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_8: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_10: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_12: it is only her goodness that overpowers me

file: 6267-53049-0000.flac
expected: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_2: its a st teing for aoboty to lack brains wen she warnce tobe atacure is ante
	layer_4: its a set thing for abody to lack braints when she wants to be a teacher isn'te
	layer_6: it's a sat thing for a body to lak brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_8: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_10: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_12: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it

file: 6267-53049-0001.flac
expected: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the older sister wistfully
	layer_2: phe a lo be has doneet so har orl wintor at she has andt gonme anywere so the alther seste wist fu
	layer_4: pen a lope has dan id so hard or winter at she has nt gone anywere sad the alther sister westfully
	layer_6: hen a lopi has sdonid so hardt or winter at she hasn't gone anywhere so the other sister westfully
	layer_8: when alope has done it so hard or winter ant she hasn't gone anywhere to the other sister wistfully
	layer_10: pennalope has done it so hard or winter and she hasn't gone anywhere tho the older sister wistfully
	layer_12: penalope has done it so hard or winter and she hasn't gone anywhere tho the older sister wistefully

file: 6267-53049-0002.flac
expected: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_2: doris dremed of preatetresses ol thet night and tot about tam al the nex day
	layer_4: doris dreamed of preatitresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_6: dories dreamed of pretit resces all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_8: doris dreamed of prettytresses all that night and thoughtd about them all the next day
	layer_10: doris dreamed of prettitresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_12: doris dreamed of prettitresses all that night and thought about them all the next day

file: 6267-53049-0003.flac
expected: so it must be confessed did penelope though she would not have admitted it for the world
	layer_2: sow it mut beconfas det panelobe to she would not haved mitet at for the wornt
	layer_4: so it must beconfast did penalo y tho she would not have ad mighted eit for the want
	layer_6: so it must be confasset ded peneloi though she would not have atmight id it for the wat
	layer_8: so it must be confessed did penalopi though she would not have admit ed it for the want
	layer_10: so it must be confesse did panalopi though she would not have admirted it for the want
	layer_12: so it must be confess did panalopit though she would not have admired it for the want

file: 6267-53049-0004.flac
expected: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_2: she neuw det ten en oby had startid out to say a new dress
	layer_4: she knewthe thenelopy had started out to sa a new dress
	layer_6: she knew that penelopi had started out to say a new dress
	layer_8: she knew that penilopi had started out to say a new dress
	layer_10: she knew that pennelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_12: she knew that pennelope had started out to say a new dress

file: 6267-53049-0005.flac
expected: doris hunter i believe it's an old quilt
	layer_2: doris hanter i belive its and ald quint
	layer_4: doris hunter i belive its and out quild
	layer_6: doris hunter i believe its an aut quiled
	layer_8: dory's hunter i believe it's an out quilt
	layer_10: dorris hunter i believe it's an od quilt
	layer_12: doris hunter i believe it's an od quilt

file: 6267-53049-0006.flac
expected: listen penelope my dear doris
	layer_2: i sonetpanelothe mydear doris
	layer_4: is enpanaloty my dear dories
	layer_6: tisent panelopte my dear dories
	layer_8: listened panelope my dear dorries
	layer_10: listened panalope my dear dorries
	layer_12: listened panalope my dear dorries

file: 6267-53049-0007.flac
expected: love to penelope and yourself
	layer_2: lovf to panin o and your se
	layer_4: loved to penin ob and yourself
	layer_6: love to peniob and yourself
	layer_8: love to penilog and yourself
	layer_10: love to penilov and yourself
	layer_12: love to penilov and yourself

file: 6267-53049-0008.flac
expected: your affectionate aunt adella hunter
	layer_2: your affectionat aund a thernahant
	layer_4: your affectionate ount a ther a hand
	layer_6: your affectionate ount adera hant
	layer_8: your affectionate ount aderlahante
	layer_10: your affectionate ount adelahante
	layer_12: your affectionate ount adela hante

file: 6267-53049-0009.flac
expected: i don't see its beauty said penelope with a grimace
	layer_2: i don't se its bauty sedt than a opy weth agrt
	layer_4: i don't se its beauty said than a lopy weth agrea
	layer_6: i don't see it's beauty said then a lopy weth a great
	layer_8: i don't see it's beauty said then anope with a gret
	layer_10: i don't see it's beauty said penanopi whith a grea
	layer_12: i don't see it's beauty said penanope whith a grea

file: 6267-53049-0010.flac
expected: it may have been pretty once but it is all faded now
	layer_2: ito may have been prety ance lut it is al sitid now
	layer_4: it may have been prety ant but it is all sideid now
	layer_6: it may have been pretty wants but it is all sided now
	layer_8: it may have been pretty wants but it is allside ed now
	layer_10: it may have been pretty wants but it is allsideit now
	layer_12: it may have been pretty wants but it is allsideit now

file: 6267-53049-0011.flac
expected: tell me dorrie does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_2: ter me dory dos it argo alack of proporryspectfor my unsustors that thi can't feel very andtousias dik aover thse harlon hespetionly en grund mather haunter dit ars before i was bor
	layer_4: termy dory does it argo a lack of properespect for my ansistors that i can't fiel very andtusiastic ofver this her loom especially wen grand modher hunter tied ears before i was bor
	layer_6: terme dory does it argu a lack of proper respect for my ansestors that i can't feel very entusiastic over thise her loom especially when grand mother cunter died years before i was born
	layer_8: tel me dory does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_10: tell me dorri does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this her loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_12: tell me dorri does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heir loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born

file: 6267-53049-0012.flac
expected: it was very kind of aunt adella to send it said doris dutifully
	layer_2: it was tery kind of and a there itosendi said doris dotyfory
	layer_4: it was very kind of amd ar there agt to sended said thors doty fory
	layer_6: it was very kind of aund a der aret to send it said dors duty furly
	layer_8: it was very kind of aunt a delae to send it said dorris dutyfurly
	layer_10: it was very kind of aunt a derah to send it said torris dutifully
	layer_12: it was very kind of aunt as derah to send it said thorris dutifully

file: 6267-53049-0013.flac
expected: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelope
	layer_2: why the rong sie is ever so much pretur than her rigt isclained ban an lopy
	layer_4: why the ron side is ever so much pretere than ther right esclained penanlopy
	layer_6: why the wrong side is ever so much preter than the right isclaimed penilopy
	layer_8: why the wrong side is ever so much pritter than the right exclaimed penilopi
	layer_10: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed pannalopi
	layer_12: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed pannalopi

file: 6267-53049-0014.flac
expected: what lovely old timey stuff and not a bit faded
	layer_2: what lovely old's dimmy stuff at not o beech sade
	layer_4: what lovely als dimy stuff at not a bea sadet
	layer_6: what lovely allds diami stuff at not a bet saded
	layer_8: what lovely al's dimy stuff at not a bet sadet
	layer_10: what lovely all's timy stuff at not a beet sadet
	layer_12: what lovely all's timy stuff at not a beet sadet

file: 6267-53049-0015.flac
expected: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_2: i de crer it is as god ans meu
	layer_4: i declar it is as god as new
	layer_6: i declar it is as goood as new
	layer_8: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_10: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_12: i declare it is as good as new

file: 6267-53049-0016.flac
expected: well let us go and have tea said penelope i'm decidedly hungry
	layer_2: wele let as go and havd tee said an a lopby i yeci di le hungry
	layer_4: well let as go and have cheet said bena lopy i decidedidly hungry
	layer_6: well let us go and have cheat said venelopy i decidedly hungry
	layer_8: well let us go and have cheat said venilopy i decidedly hungry
	layer_10: well let us go and have cheat said bennelopi i decidedly hungry
	layer_12: well let us go and have cheat said bennelopi i decidedly hungry

file: 6267-53049-0017.flac
expected: besides i see the poverty pucker coming
	layer_2: esite i see the overty bocclr comient
	layer_4: beside i see the porverty boul comin
	layer_6: besides i see the poverty pocul comig
	layer_8: besides i see the poverty popul comment
	layer_10: besides i see the poverty popular comment
	layer_12: besides i see the poverty popular comment

file: 6267-53049-0018.flac
expected: it is something to possess an heirloom after all
	layer_2: it i someting to ases and had lon after al
	layer_4: it is something to posses an herlon after ar
	layer_6: it is something to poses and her alon after or
	layer_8: it is something to poses and her alone after a
	layer_10: it is something to posses and her alone after all
	layer_12: it is something to posses and her alone after all

file: 6267-53049-0019.flac
expected: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart could wish when doris flashed out upon her triumphantly on the evening of the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation of dainty rose besprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_2: ban a lot be wasor prise as mihch as the tander si sterly hart cod wisc te wheern doris flishedout appen hear tooo fin ly an the iveningd on the partiy re the blrecxcur nisly prass and re han and the prikest waiseti maginor a ways that was apositivf creeation f thetouros bas princo sik we a gurtael ant nouts of lack ete
	layer_4: pen a lo pe wasor prise as much as the tander sisterly hert cold wichio the when dhoris flished out upon her trm fhantly and the vening on the party wi the plrack s cur nicely prassed and re hung and the pretest wastdimagino a wast that was a positive creation oarf thein teros bas prinkle silk with a gurdl and knouts of black verve
	layer_6: phen elopiwas sur prised as much as the tander sisterly herd could wi she he when doris flashed out upon her ton fanaly and the evening on the party with the black skir nicely pressed and re hung and the pretest wast imaginoer awast that was ta positive creation of thein teros bast brinkled silk with a girdl and nots of black valve
	layer_8: penelopi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly her could wishd when doris flashed out upon her twunvandly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettest waiste imaginabe a waist that was a positive creation o f then tiros bestsprinkled silk with a girdle and notes of black velvet
	layer_10: bennelopy was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert could wish when doris flashed out upon her twumfantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation aonf then tiro's besst sprinkled silk with a girdle and nots of black velvet
	layer_12: benelopy was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert could wish when doris flashed out upon her twoumfantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation onf then tiro's bess sprinkled silk with a girdle and nots of black velvet

file: 6267-53049-0020.flac
expected: so penelope went to blanche's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_2: so then a nlote when to blanp sparty and her trass was tmration of avery gr ther
	layer_4: so phen a lopy went to blanp sparty and her dress mas that miration of every gir ther
	layer_6: so vhenalope went to bland sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl ther
	layer_8: so penelopi went to blanch's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_10: so benneloppe went to blancs party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_12: so benneloppe went to blanc's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there

file: 6267-53049-0021.flac
expected: penelope thought her altogether charming
	layer_2: whend y lot besols her ant togeleor sarmen
	layer_4: bhen e lot besolds her al to gether sarmint
	layer_6: when i lok besod her alttogether sarming
	layer_8: when te love besold her altogether sarming
	layer_10: when elove besold her altogether charming
	layer_12: whentelove besoled her altogether charming

file: 6267-53049-0022.flac
expected: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself
	layer_2: she lnowsais if she had justs thaped oult of the frai of sume lovely alt itur she say to her son
	layer_4: she losas if she had justs thapt out of the fram of some lovely alt piture she say to her senf
	layer_6: she lusas if she had juststhap d out of the frame of some lovely al pecture she sai to herself
	layer_8: she loosas if she had just staped out of the frame of some lovely aldpecture she said to herself
	layer_10: she loosas if she had just stapped out of the frame of some lovely ald picture she said to herself
	layer_12: she loosas if she had just stapped out of the frame of some lovely ald picture she said to herself

file: 6267-53049-0023.flac
expected: my aunt adella gave me gave us the material she stammered
	layer_2: mhy ont athea gatf me geve as ther mator yar she staemr
	layer_4: my ount atdhela gate me geve as ther materiyar she stamrt
	layer_6: my ount adela gave me gave us ther mateia she stamorat
	layer_8: my aunt adela gave me gave us the material she stammerte
	layer_10: my aunt adela gave me gave us ther material she stammerit
	layer_12: my aunt adela gave me gave us ther material she stammer it

file: 6267-53049-0024.flac
expected: i am named after her missus fairweather suddenly put her arm about penelope and drew the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_2: iand naed aftr her misis fair water soudtenly pout her arm about pen aeloby and juew the yung gr to her har lovely old face and glow with delid anddendernes
	layer_4: an naed after her misses fair wetter suddenly put her arm aboutd benalopy and du theyoung girld to her her lovely ald face ad glow with delied and tenderness
	layer_6: i naed after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about benelopy and dewed the young girl to her her lovely old face a glow with deliged and tenderness
	layer_8: i mnamed after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and dred the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_10: i m named after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about panelope andrewd the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_12: im named after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about panelope andrewd the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness

file: 6267-53049-0025.flac
expected: then you are my grandniece she said
	layer_2: the you are miy grun nes she said
	layer_4: the you are my grank knece she said
	layer_6: thet youare my grant niese she said
	layer_8: then you are my grant niece she said
	layer_10: then you are my grand niece she said
	layer_12: then you are my grand niece she said

file: 6267-53049-0026.flac
expected: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud silk if i came across it in thibet
	layer_2: when i so yuor thres i ftut sure you were ory latet to here i should ricko nie thaterols bu sere eif i cam o cros t inte bat
	layer_4: when i sa your tress i feld sure you were relitid to her i should ricognite that eros bod sarl if i cam across it intibat
	layer_6: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognite that rose bud sill if i came across it in te beth
	layer_8: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sil if i came across it in tibeth
	layer_10: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud sirl if i came across it in tibeth
	layer_12: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud sial if i came across it in tibeth

file: 6267-53049-0027.flac
expected: penelope was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_2: than an l aopy was fora years allthoere then i was but we wre thefoltid to each odher
	layer_4: ban alopy was for  years alder than i was but wewere thevalted to each other
	layer_6: an alopi was four years alder than i was but we were devolted to each other
	layer_8: penalopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_10: panelopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_12: panelope was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other

file: 6267-53049-0028.flac
expected: soon after this our mother died and our household was broken up
	layer_2: so nofsto deshourd mather did and our has calld was brocken at
	layer_4: son after des hower mother died and our haese alled was broken a
	layer_6: son after des our mother died ande our has calld was broken a
	layer_8: son after thisour mother died and ur has called was broken up
	layer_10: soon after disour mother died and our hase called was broken up
	layer_12: soon after disour mother died and our hase called was broken up

file: 6267-53049-0029.flac
expected: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_2: why tyee i amosrylongle aoldte woman we hno bidey belondin to me
	layer_4: my dea i amosary longy al d woman wehs no bydey belongin to me
	layer_6: my dear i amon sery longly alld woman wih no body belonging to me
	layer_8: my dear i am  very longly olld woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_10: my dear iama very longly old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_12: my dear i am a very longly old woman with nobody belonging to me

file: 6267-53049-0030.flac
expected: now she patted missus fairweather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_2: now she paen misus faire wethers soft ald hand affectionatly
	layer_4: now she patten missus far wethers soft al hand affection atly
	layer_6: now she pattened missus fareweathers soft alld hand affectionately
	layer_8: now she pattened missus fairweather's soft ald hand affectionately
	layer_10: now she pattened missus fairweather's soft ald hand affectionately
	layer_12: now she pattened missus fairweather's soft ald hand affectionately

file: 6267-53049-0031.flac
expected: doris and penelope found their lives and plans changed in the twinkling of an eye
	layer_2: doricand penen opy folt therleves and plras changed in thetwin cleng of un ie
	layer_4: doris and pen an opy found ther leaves and plans changed in the twint cling of an ey
	layer_6: doris and penalopy found their leaves and plans changed in the twint cling of an ey
	layer_8: doris and penalopi found their leaves and plans changed in the twint kling of an ey
	layer_10: doris and pannalopi found ther leaves and plants changed in the twint cling of an ey
	layer_12: doris and pannalope found theire leaves and plants changed in the twint cling of an ey

file: 6267-53049-0032.flac
expected: when missus fairweather had gone doris and penelope looked at each other
	layer_2: wheln missus fir weterl had gone dorrisand pen alo be loked at ech adder
	layer_4: we missus fer weterl had gone doris and pen alope looked at each ater
	layer_6: whee missus ferweter had gone dories and penalopy looked at each other
	layer_8: where missus farwederl had gone dories and penalope looked at each other
	layer_10: when missus farweddel had gone dorries and pennelope looked at each other
	layer_12: when missus farweddel had gone dorries and pennelope looked at each other

file: 6267-65525-0000.flac
expected: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from below
	layer_2: at she slee din tl hered ble bring t oftenon drs her und calld to har from belo
	layer_4: at she sleped into her blu print afternon dress her unt calle to her fram bela
	layer_6: as she sleped into her blue brint afternon dress her aunt called to her from billa
	layer_8: as she slipped into her blue brint afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billo
	layer_10: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billo
	layer_12: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billo

file: 6267-65525-0001.flac
expected: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clinging to the other
	layer_2: i'n jan rastanding at the fot of the steirs witch a lamping one hand and the eure ald bay be clanging to the ather
	layer_4: oun janewastanding at the fot of the stairs with alamping one hand and the year all baby clanging to the other
	layer_6: ant janeuas standing at the forld of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_8: aunt jane was standing at the ford of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_10: aunt jane was standing at the fot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_12: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clanging to the other

file: 6267-65525-0002.flac
expected: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_2: she as a beek sha plis oman we teron good netured face crfor and voaler as the sonflowr was om dto jain at all dimes and o casiens
	layer_4: she was a bek shaplece woman weh te on god natured face cherfor and voleur as ha sun flower was owndt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_6: she was a big shapeless woman with aroun good natured face cherfor and volgur as ha sunflower was awnt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_8: she was a big shapeless woman with a rownd good natured face cherfur and vulgor as he sun flower was awned jane at all times and occasions
	layer_10: she was a big shapeless woman with her round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as the sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_12: she was a big shapeless woman with her round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as the sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions

file: 6267-65525-0003.flac
expected: i want to run over and see how missus brixby is this evening siddy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_2: i unt tron over ansy ho missus bixks be sthes evingc cidy and you must take cr of the baby tyliget thack
	layer_4: i wan't ran over an sy how missus big be e thes evening sidy and you' must ake cuare of the baby tyl i get tack
	layer_6: i wan't  run over an se how missus biggs be is this evening cidy and you must take care of the babytil i get back
	layer_8: i wan't to run over and see how missus biggsby i this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_10: i want to run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_12: i want to run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back

file: 6267-65525-0004.flac
expected: sidney sighed and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_2: seed they sit and wene donster fornd the babe
	layer_4: seen ey sight and wea danster forn the baby
	layer_6: sin a sight and we adownster for the baby
	layer_8: sin ay sight and wen a donters for the baby
	layer_10: sidnays side and wen a downsters for the baby
	layer_12: sidnas sihte and wen a downsters for the baby

file: 6267-65525-0005.flac
expected: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_2: al her tayse were a like as far as hard woark and donis went but hehatcepted them jur fry and uncom plaining de
	layer_4: all her tays were alike as faras hard wark and dulness went but she haccepted themptheerfuly and ancomplainingli
	layer_6: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them ceerefuly and uncomplaininglyu
	layer_8: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_10: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_12: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly

file: 6267-65525-0006.flac
expected: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_2: but si thidt resan having to lo c atorf the baby wern ye wante trit har leter
	layer_4: but she did resend having to lok after the baby weren she wante torite her letter
	layer_6: but she did recent having to look after the baby wheren she wanted to write her letter
	layer_8: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_10: but she did recent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_12: but she did recent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter

file: 6267-65525-0007.flac
expected: the room was small a mere box above the kitchen which sidney shared with two small cousins
	layer_2: ther rol mus man a mar boksaboe the katchin which  sedin they shirdyt twds mare cousens
	layer_4: the roomas man a marboks abouve the keghing which seein they sharkwit twods mor cousinse
	layer_6: the rooumus mon a mare box above the katcghin which seding ey shard with twods more cousins
	layer_8: the room as morn a marr box above the katchen which setingy sharke with twomore cousins
	layer_10: the roomas more a mare box above the kitchen which sedenly sharke with two more cousins
	layer_12: the roomas morne a mare box above the kitchen which sedenly sharke with two more cousins

file: 6267-65525-0008.flac
expected: her bed and the cot where the little girls slept filled up almost all the available space
	layer_2: here bat andd thecaut were the letof grs laped fe d ot armos al the atelabeln spase
	layer_4: her bad and the cauht were the liatof gir'slaped filld ouv armos all the of vailablr space
	layer_6: her bad and the cauht where the little girs lapped filled up armost all the avalebre space
	layer_8: her bad and the cot where the little girls slapd filled up armost al te availabe space
	layer_10: her bath and the cot where the little girl slapt filled up almost all the available space
	layer_12: her bath and the cot where the little girl slapt filled up almost all the available space

file: 6267-65525-0009.flac
expected: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth zigzagged from ear to ear
	layer_2: tjis the that parteclar anger one i a pear to be as largh as an oreng whil the ather was the sise of a pe and the mounth sexorged from eare to ear
	layer_4: ust he lhat particlor anger one i appear to be as large as an ourange while the other was the sise of a pe and the moth zexaged from ear to ear
	layer_6: just ot that particlar angerl one i appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pe and the mouth zexagged from her to ear
	layer_8: just at that particular angl one eye appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of appe and the mouth zixagtd from ear to ear
	layer_10: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pe and the mouth zigzagd from ear to ear
	layer_12: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pe and the mouth zigzagd from ear to ear

file: 6267-65525-0010.flac
expected: sidney hated that mirror as virulently as she could hate anything
	layer_2: seed ty ha ted hat muras vir latly a seculdad anyting
	layer_4: seen te hated that miroas virolatly as she coud hate anyting
	layer_6: sintehated that mirors very ladely as she could hade anything
	layer_8: sinei hated that mirrors very lately as he could hate anything
	layer_10: syne hated that mirrors very lately as she could hate anything
	layer_12: syne hated that mirrors very lately as she could hate anything

file: 6267-65525-0011.flac
expected: her mother had died the day after and sidney thereupon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_2: her mather hadt did to tay after and sedeny there upen had com into the hands of ghod aontd jan wich tos boks for heard dory siis noting ans was lett after the expancis ofthe dober finero had been fay
	layer_4: her mother had died to they after and sidenne ther upon had come into the hands of good ount can which thos bokes forherd dhory sincs noting als was latt after the expances of the dobbld fineror had bhen a
	layer_6: her mother had died to day after and sidney their upon had come into the hands of good aount jan which those books for her doury since nothing els was left after the expanses of the doubere funerer had teen pait
	layer_8: her mother had died to day after and sidney their apon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for herdory since nothing else was left after the expansies of the dubre funeror had been pai
	layer_10: her mother had died the day after and sidney their apon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for herdory since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_12: her mother had died the day after and sidney their apon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for her dolry since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double funeral had been paid

file: 6267-65525-0012.flac
expected: presently she began to write with a flush of real excitement on her face
	layer_2: presently shuld be geant to rit weh the flashal freearexcitment ton her face
	layer_4: presently sheld began to rihte weh te flashal freee excitement on her face
	layer_6: presently she began to write with the flush of freel excitement on her face
	layer_8: presently she began to write with a flush of freal excitement on her face
	layer_10: presently she began to write with a flush of frial excitement on her face
	layer_12: presently she began to write with a flush of frial excitement on her face

file: 6267-65525-0013.flac
expected: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editor of the maple leaf
	layer_2: allnl y one anser cam to alenddugness and that was forwartet to her bid the long sulfering ad ytr af the mapol lif
	layer_4: only one answer came to elen dagnass and that was forwardted to her bye the long selfering a itr of the mapo lief
	layer_6: only one answer came to elen dagnass and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mappor lif
	layer_8: only one answer came to ellen duglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a detor of the mappold leaf
	layer_10: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a detoir of the mappole leaf
	layer_12: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a deteir of the mapple leaf

file: 6267-65525-0014.flac
expected: he wrote that although his age debarred him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for correspondents
	layer_2: he wrod dat auldog his ehgeted bartd him from mamper shipin the clo he was pwainty and the limit was eighteen he rat the leters of the de partment witch maurching tress and allfom had tould of ancerying som of therle qust for qeres on tets
	layer_4: he rod that alto his egetoed burd him from mambership in the clab he was twenty and tha limit was eighteen he rad the letters of the department with marching trese and o forn had tougt of answering som of the rlequest for cress on tatds
	layer_6: he wro that altho his age to burd him from embership in theclab he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he red the letters of the department with marching trest and offerm had thought of answering some of the request for cress on thets
	layer_8: he wrote that although his ag ted berdh him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteenth he read the letters of the department with march in trest ande oftem had thought of answering some of the requests for cress on deaths
	layer_10: he wrote that although his age te berth him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteent he read the letters of the department with much ingterest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for cares on deaths
	layer_12: he wrote that although his age te berth him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteent he read the letters of the department with mach ingterest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for cares on deaths

file: 6267-65525-0015.flac
expected: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_2: she never had donso budd alendoeles ses let ther waes sowing tresting that he had tesided toright to her
	layer_4: she never had don so bud elandoglesses letter was so in thresting that he had tecided to rit to her
	layer_6: he never had done so but elendoglasus letter was so intresting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_8: he never had done so but ellen douglase's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_10: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_12: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her

file: 6267-65525-0016.flac
expected: would she be kind enough to correspond with him
	layer_2: wol she beking inough te corese parn with ham
	layer_4: would she beking enough tho correspon wicth him
	layer_6: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_8: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_10: would she be keeng enough to correspond with him
	layer_12: would she be keing enough to correspond with him

file: 6267-65525-0017.flac
expected: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_2: to asto years ould from the east and had not ya forgodten to bet houm sek a dints
	layer_4: you was to years out from the east and had not yead forgotten to be hom seek at tines
	layer_6: he was two years out from thei east and had not yeat forgotden to be home seek at times
	layer_8: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homeseek at times
	layer_10: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_12: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times

file: 6267-65525-0018.flac
expected: sidney liked the letter and answered it
	layer_2: sedney like the lettr and ansrad e
	layer_4: seitnay like the letter and ansuradt eat
	layer_6: seatnay like the letter and anser at eat
	layer_8: sitney like the letter and answer adt eath
	layer_10: citney liked the letter and answerat eth
	layer_12: citney liked the letter and answerad eth

file: 6267-65525-0019.flac
expected: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_2: she never expectet to me junlincln nordeit she weshed to doosaw
	layer_4: she never expected to met jonlinclne nardid she wishe to dusa
	layer_6: she never expected to meet john lincol nor did she wishd to do sa
	layer_8: she never expected to meet john lincolne nor did she wish to do sol
	layer_10: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_12: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so

file: 6267-65525-0020.flac
expected: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure
	layer_2: in the coruspontans itself shei font har platiun
	layer_4: in the cores ondhacsedself she faund her plasion
	layer_6: in the correspondence itself she found her plasion
	layer_8: in the correspondence itself she found her plasion
	layer_10: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure
	layer_12: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure

file: 6267-65525-0021.flac
expected: john lincoln wrote breezy accounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug humdrum plainfield life that sidney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf when she opened a letter from the bar n as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_2: jundin con rod gresyao cons of frangeh life and thathancers on the farwestome lains so alnian and  mored froms nog houm dram rainfi livfe that seng they aleys hat the senzation off crossing o go wher and shee alpen alater fron the bar and as forsid nise own leter this is the way it red as she rolti
	layer_4: jounding con roud bresyaccouns of frangeh life and thadvanturs on the far westom pblains so aiglnian and remoreth from's nigg hum dram brainfeld life that sein tey always had the senzation of crossing agarlf were an shee opend alatter fron the bar and as forsinese own letter tis is the way itread as she raltid
	layer_6: johnlingon rod brizialccounts of france life and thadvanturs on the far westomed plains so alnion and remod from snug ham dram brainfield life that sing they always had the senzation of crossing a garlf wherean she opened a latter from the bar and as for signes own letter this is the way it read as she roted
	layer_8: john lincon wrowt brizzi l counts of frange life and adventures on the far westerne plains so alien and remote from snug ham drum brainfield life that siney always had the sensation of crossing a garl wheran she opened a letter from the bar and as for signaey's own letter this is the way it read as she wroted
	layer_10: john lincon wrote briezi accounts of rance life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug ham druhm brainfield life that sinney always had the sensation of crossing a galf wherein she opened a letter from the bar and as for signey's own letter this is the way it read as she wroted
	layer_12: john lincon wrote briezi accounts of rance life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug ham druhm brainfield life that sinney always had the sensation of crossing a galf whereen she opened a letter from the bar and as for signey's own letter this is the way it read as she wroted

file: 6267-65525-0022.flac
expected: the evergreens plainfield dear mister lincoln
	layer_2: the avver greans prainti der misterlincl
	layer_4: the aver greens praintil der mister lincl
	layer_6: the aver greins brainfil dear mister lincol
	layer_8: the ever greins braintil dear mister lincol
	layer_10: the ever grens braintile dear mister lincol
	layer_12: the ever grins braintile dear mister lincoll

file: 6267-65525-0023.flac
expected: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laughter and conversation
	layer_2: i love life and itsplom and breliancy i love meting you peeoper i lov the repl of muzy the hamo f loveter and covercation
	layer_4: i love life and its bloom and brilliency i love meeting you people i love the reple of musy the hamof loaveter and conversation
	layer_6: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i loved the reple of musy the hammof loughter and conversation
	layer_8: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of musi the hamo lovter and conversation
	layer_10: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of musi the ham of lover and conversation
	layer_12: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of musi the ham of lovhter and conversation

file: 6267-65525-0024.flac
expected: the man i had been talking with was paul moore the great novelist
	layer_2: the men i had been talkin we wast poalr more the grae notlet s
	layer_4: the man i had been talking wed was bol more the grat knowvirys
	layer_6: the man i had been talking with was bol more the great novdis
	layer_8: the man i had been talking with was bol more the great novlis
	layer_10: the men i had been talking with was bol more the great noves
	layer_12: the men i had been talking with was bol more the great noveis

file: 6267-65525-0025.flac
expected: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the insight he himself has given me
	layer_2: as i gwas i had contor dicted him dowis and he had logetandtlihketit but his boks w l aloays havea nou mening to me hands fort tru tha insid he himselve as given me
	layer_4: as it was i had contrdicted him towace and he had loghed and liked it but his bokeswill always have a new maeaning to me hands forth true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_6: as it was i had contradicted him towice and he had loughed and liked it but his boks will always have a new meaning to me handsfordh thrue the inside he himself has given me
	layer_8: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me hendceforth true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_10: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth troueh the inside he himself has given me
	layer_12: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth trouh the inside he himself has given me

file: 6267-65525-0026.flac
expected: it is such meetings as these that give life its sparkle for me
	layer_2: it i such matings at th ths that give life itspar confor me
	layer_4: it is suach metings at  these that give life itsparkal for me
	layer_6: it is such metings at these that give life itsparkle for me
	layer_8: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkled for me
	layer_10: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkled for me
	layer_12: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkled for me

file: 6267-65525-0027.flac
expected: you will be weary of my rhapsodies over her
	layer_2: you we ave be war of myg ropsetese aver har
	layer_4: you we ae bee weary of myg rops othese over her
	layer_6: yu ir be warry of my ropsedes over her
	layer_8: your be wary of my rapsodis over her
	layer_10: you ar be wary of my ropsodis over her
	layer_12: you ear be wary of my ropstodies over her

file: 6267-65525-0028.flac
expected: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mood
	layer_2: she has sempukthy andd an de standing for my avery mo
	layer_4: she has seim paty and under standing for my avery mo
	layer_6: she has seympaty and understanding for my every mo
	layer_8: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mo
	layer_10: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mo
	layer_12: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mor

file: 6267-65525-0029.flac
expected: yours sincerely sidney richmond
	layer_2: youas sinsirvily seen nae reatma
	layer_4: years sinservely senma reghma
	layer_6: yuors cinserly sinma richmen
	layer_8: yours sinsirly cima richmon
	layer_10: yours sinsorly sime richmond
	layer_12: yours sinsorly sinme richmond

file: 6267-65525-0030.flac
expected: aunt jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_2: ot jan came ham prosently and carried away hearas leeping baybe seeedntey sad her prayrs when to that and slet songly and saidraenily sh maled her latter the nex day and the mant lat er and unsor cang
	layer_4: ot jan came hom presently and carred away her asleping baby setiney sed her prayers went to bad and slept sonly and saranily she mailed her letter the next day and the mantlatter and unswer kimg
	layer_6: out jan came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sednthey set her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serennily she mailed her letter the next day and the month later and answer kinmg
	layer_8: out jan came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby setnay sait her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer camg
	layer_10: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cetna said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and sereniely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_12: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cednay said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cereniely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came

file: 6267-65525-0031.flac
expected: sidney did not sleep that night but tossed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_2: seed madey not sleed that night but tost rasolestly aboato crd in her pell
	layer_4: sed ma e not slevpe that night but tost rastulesly aboutor crid in her pil
	layer_6: sed nmay di not sleep that night buth dost rasoleusly about or cried in her pillo
	layer_8: sidmay di not sleep that night but dosted rastleusly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_10: signmay did not sleep that night but tosed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_12: sidnay did not sleep that night but tosed restlessly about or cried in her pillow

file: 6267-65525-0032.flac
expected: the good woman shook her head
	layer_2: the god womon sokc her a
	layer_4: the goood waman shok her ack
	layer_6: the good woman shok her a
	layer_8: the good woman shook her at
	layer_10: the good woman shook her hat
	layer_12: the good woman shook her hat

file: 6267-65525-0033.flac
expected: sidney trod the way of the transgressor and found that its thorns pierced to bone and marrow
	layer_2: seedn they tratd the way of the trans grassor and fomn d a t its tons birst to bon and d mar
	layer_4: se e trod the way of the trans grassor and fornd hat its towncs bursed to bon and marow
	layer_6: sidin a throt the way of the trans grassor and found hat its thorns burst to borne and marrow
	layer_8: citina trot the way of the transgrassor and found that its tharns burst to born and marrow
	layer_10: citna trot the way of the transgressor and found that its tharns burst to bon and marrow
	layer_12: citina trot the way of the transgressor and found that its tharns burst to bon and marrow

file: 6267-65525-0034.flac
expected: you see that road out thar
	layer_2: i see that ther od olt thar
	layer_4: you see that te roat out tar
	layer_6: you see thate rod out dark
	layer_8: you see thate road ot dark
	layer_10: ye see that road o dark
	layer_12: ye see that road ot dark

file: 6267-65525-0035.flac
expected: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distant sea visible
	layer_2: and there was no harber or glinps of distunsyt tisibur
	layer_4: and there was no harbor or glimps off tistuncy visiber
	layer_6: and there was no harbor or glimps of distancy visible
	layer_8: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_10: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distance visible
	layer_12: and there was no harbor or glimpse of distance visible

file: 6267-65525-0036.flac
expected: had the hotel keeper made a mistake
	layer_2: ad the haltor keeper myi themis take
	layer_4: had the houto keeper mi e is take
	layer_6: had the hoter keep her ma the mis take
	layer_8: had the hoterkeeper mit te mistake
	layer_10: had the houterkeeper mide a mistake
	layer_12: had the hauterkeeper mide a mistake

file: 6267-65525-0037.flac
expected: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreens but myself
	layer_2: this is his place no bodycarset the ever greng but my se
	layer_4: this is hisplace nobodycoursit the evergreen but myself
	layer_6: this is his place nobody caus it the evergreen but myself
	layer_8: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself
	layer_10: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself
	layer_12: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself

file: 6267-65525-0038.flac
expected: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_2: i donton the stan he said burplrecceidly
	layer_4: i don't on dher stand he sad bar pleck cedly
	layer_6: i don't un derstand he said parplek edly
	layer_8: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_10: i don't understand he sad perplexedly
	layer_12: i don't understand he sad perplexedly

file: 6267-65525-0039.flac
expected: oh sidney threw out her hands in a burst of passionate protest
	layer_2: o sendnltheito out har hands in thebarst aof bationa brotest
	layer_4: ot seene e two out her hands in the borst off bationat brotest
	layer_6: o sid e two out her hands in a burst ff batienat browtist
	layer_8: o siey too out her hands in a burst off patena brotest
	layer_10: oh sydny to out her hands ina burst of pashonac broltist
	layer_12: oh sydney two out her hands ina burst of pashonarc braltist

file: 6267-65525-0040.flac
expected: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_2: no and you never wel on the stend i can't mye you on tdhe sten
	layer_4: no and you never well un the stend i can't my you on the sten
	layer_6: no and you never will undestand i can't mae cu on thestand
	layer_8: no and you never will understand i can't make u undherstand
	layer_10: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_12: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand

file: 6267-65525-0041.flac
expected: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_2: everyting itoldyou aboudet and my life was just i muncnatione
	layer_4: everything i tol o abolted and my life was justimoncination
	layer_6: everything i told you aboutid and my life was just i mungination
	layer_8: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_10: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_12: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination

file: 6267-65525-0042.flac
expected: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_2: thin whyt din you right dam he sketd brlantly
	layer_4: then why din eu right temp he asked blankly
	layer_6: then why did yo rites dem he asked blankly
	layer_8: then why didn you writ demp he asked blankly
	layer_10: then why didnt you write damp he asked blankly
	layer_12: then why didn't you write demp he asked blankly

file: 6267-65525-0043.flac
expected: why did you deceive me
	layer_2: why did dod the seee  me
	layer_4: why did yud deceve me
	layer_6: why did you deceive me
	layer_8: why did you deceive me
	layer_10: why did you deceive me
	layer_12: why did you deceive me

file: 6267-65525-0044.flac
expected: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_2: oh i ditdan meantwo the sees you i never thoudt of such a teind
	layer_4: oh i didn't mean to the ceve you inever thought of sach of thing
	layer_6: oh i didn't mean to deceie you i never thought of such of thing
	layer_8: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_10: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_12: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing

file: 6267-65525-0045.flac
expected: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_2: i just codant trit ou abot my lifere not because itas har but ti oarso argly and anty
	layer_4: i just gooden't trite you about my life her not because it was heardt but itaso agly and anty
	layer_6: i just goulodn't rite you about my life here not because it was hard but it oal so ugly and anti
	layer_8: i just couldn't writ you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and ampty
	layer_10: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_12: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty

file: 6267-65525-0046.flac
expected: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_2: and wen wanse i had begone i ha to kiepit up
	layer_4: and when antce i had begon i had to kep it up
	layer_6: and when ants i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_8: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_10: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_12: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up

file: 6267-65525-0047.flac
expected: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_2: i found t eidsol fussi n aking to
	layer_4: i found igt sat fustiating to
	layer_6: i found it so fustinating to
	layer_8: i found it o fuscinating to
	layer_10: i found it so facinating to
	layer_12: i found it so facinating to

file: 6267-65525-0048.flac
expected: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_2: hos lets ers my that atheir life seem rel to me i never expected to me you
	layer_4: those letersma that other life seem real to me i neverexpected to met you
	layer_6: those letters mayde that other life seem real to me i never epected to meet you
	layer_8: those letters ma that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_10: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_12: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you

file: 6267-65525-0049.flac
expected: these last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_2: the slahed for days seen solater cam have been tradfwln to me
	layer_4: thes lased for days send he lather cam have been dreadfl to me
	layer_6: dhis lastd four days sincse you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_8: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_10: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_12: this last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me

file: 6267-65525-0050.flac
expected: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_2: oh plys ga way and forcavf me if u can
	layer_4: oh bles go away and forcgive me if you can
	layer_6: o please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_8: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_10: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_12: oh please go away and forgive me if you can

file: 6267-65525-0051.flac
expected: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_2: itow as wars tand she had even told it would e
	layer_4: it t was wars than she had even thougt it would be
	layer_6: it was wors than she had even thought it would be
	layer_8: it was morse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_10: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_12: it was worse than she had even thought it would be

file: 6267-65525-0052.flac
expected: he was so handsome so manly so earnest eyed
	layer_2: teu wae so hadsome sol maly so erest i
	layer_4: he was so hadsom so mely so earnest ei
	layer_6: she was so handsome so mely so earnest eye
	layer_8: she was so handsome so mely so earnest eye
	layer_10: she was so handsome so maiely so earnest eyed
	layer_12: she was so handsome so mairely so earnest eyed

file: 6267-65525-0053.flac
expected: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_2: junlinkon apon the gate and went up to ar
	layer_4: jonlincon opend the gate and wet up to her
	layer_6: john lincoln opene the gate and went up to her
	layer_8: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_10: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to here
	layer_12: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to here

file: 6267-65525-0054.flac
expected: please don't distress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_2: pls don't thistries your self so seeidna he said urn cochiasly using hear crst hin nhe
	layer_4: pleae don't thistrise yoursel so seena he said anconcously using her chresten ney
	layer_6: please don't destrise yourself so sidna he said unconsiously using her christian naiy
	layer_8: please don't distryse yourself so cydney he said unconsciously using her christian nel
	layer_10: please don't distress yourself so sydney he said unconsciously using her christian nae
	layer_12: please don't distreyss yourself so sydney he said unconsciously using her christian name

file: 6267-65525-0055.flac
expected: i think i do understand
	layer_2: i think i doo on the stan
	layer_4: i think i do on the stand
	layer_6: i think i do on the stand
	layer_8: i think i do onthe stand
	layer_10: i think i do unthe stand
	layer_12: i think i do on the stand

file: 6267-65525-0056.flac
expected: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_2: and not such a dorl sell as you take me for
	layer_4: amd not such a dal selow as you take me for
	layer_6: i'm not such a dull sellow as you take me for
	layer_8: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_10: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_12: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for

file: 6267-65525-0057.flac
expected: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_2: after orl thosleters were to r rader thee was trouting them
	layer_4: after alr those letters were tru or rather thee was truting them
	layer_6: after alr those letters were trouegh or rather there was truting them
	layer_8: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_10: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_12: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them

file: 6267-65525-0058.flac
expected: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_2: the soung man wi certernly gond at un dher staning
	layer_4: the soung man wa certainly good at understaning
	layer_6: the syoung man wars certainly good at understanding
	layer_8: this young men was certainly good at understanding
	layer_10: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_12: this young man was certainly good at understanding

file: 6267-65525-0059.flac
expected: you you'll forgive me then she stammered
	layer_2: you' you' for give me than she stamoat
	layer_4: you you'l forgive me than she stemuldt
	layer_6: you you'll forgive me then she stamuld
	layer_8: you you'll forgive me then she stammuled
	layer_10: you you'll forgive me then she stammuled
	layer_12: you you'll forgive me then she stammulled

file: 7697-245715-0000.flac
expected: but in the state of innocence there would have been no weakness of old age
	layer_2: but in ve stavof thesense they il have bee nord nessifult age
	layer_4: but inver stave theinecense they will have bee nod nessipule age
	layer_6: but in the stat of thnicence they would have been lowd nesciful ge
	layer_8: but in the stat of h inocence they would have been lowd nesifal age
	layer_10: but in the state of e innocence they would have been nonessfal age
	layer_12: but in the state of innocence they would have been nonessfal age

file: 7697-245715-0001.flac
expected: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the state of innocence children would have been begotten by generation
	layer_2: on the contuery everyth en generadeet ispirsting perfect but bin te sitfhinissence ciding wlh hap bi tbagoam yagineration
	layer_4: om the contrary everyth in generate in spirst ing perfect but ing the sivifinicence chiding will happei the goden ia generation
	layer_6: on the contrary everything generated in spersting perfect but in the saticanicence childreng woill happin the gorden by generation
	layer_8: on the contrary everything generated in spirstingperfect but in the syfichoniscence children wlel happyin the garden by generation
	layer_10: on the contrary everything generated and sferstinmgperfect but in the sininiscence children wirl happyin the garden by generation
	layer_12: on the contrary everything generated an sferstinmgperfect but in the sinfiniscence children wire happin the garden by generation

file: 7697-245715-0002.flac
expected: therefore from the first they would have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_2: therhfor from the first they wil happeen in prfect en boudin hesizs and poer
	layer_4: therefore from the first they woull happen ing prfect inbot in he sise and power
	layer_6: therefore from the first they woull hapepen in perfect inbodani size and power
	layer_8: therefore from the first they would happen imperfect inbodenisizs and power
	layer_10: therefore from the first they woull happen imperfect imbodeny size and power
	layer_12: therefore from the first they woull happen imperfect imbodeny size and power

file: 7697-245715-0003.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary nature's process in generation would have been in harmony with the manner in which it was established by god
	layer_2: the arfore in the statopinisence they was no ned for woming to be bor on the contery deirus porseass ingeneration witd happein in comoly with nmever in whichshild wass estabpishd pbi got
	layer_4: the aeffore in the stad f inicence they was no need for women to be born on the contrary lious purcas ingeneration with hapepinincominy with nmenner in whichs it was established by got
	layer_6: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for a womieng to be born on the contrary nitrs poras ingeneration wuld happbeen incommony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary nitroes porcats in generation with happin in commonly with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary nietres porsas in generation wthhaping in commony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary nietreus porsass in generation  hapeing in commony with manner in which it was established by god

file: 7697-245712-0000.flac
expected: four whether in that state man would have been master over men
	layer_2: for wither ingda state men would have be master ere men
	layer_4: for whither in tas state men would have bee mester re man
	layer_6: for whither in thast state men would have bee mester oa era man
	layer_8: for whither in thas state man would have been master orer a man
	layer_10: for whither in that state man would have been master oer a man
	layer_12: for whither in that state man would have been master o'er a man

file: 7697-245712-0001.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_2: thifor in the stidfpunisence man had no masership of the animls
	layer_4: therefore in the stead ifpunicense man had no masstership of theanimals
	layer_6: therefore in the stea ofinicence man had no mastership of theanimals
	layer_8: therefore in the steate of innicence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals

file: 7697-245712-0002.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence before man had disobeyed nothing disobeyed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_2: theirefore in the cedp inosense before man had tspade nogh in d sbadem that was naturely subject to hime
	layer_4: therefore in the satp inocense before manihad etspad noghing doispadem that was naturally subjact to ham
	layer_6: therefore in the state of inocence before mani had itspade nothing disayde him that was naturally subject to haim
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence before manny had it spaed nothing dispayedin that was naturally subject to him
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence before manna had itspae nothing disbaed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence before manna had ispayed nothing disbaed him that was naturally subject to him

file: 7697-245712-0003.flac
expected: secondly this is proved by the order of divine providence which always governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_2: seigon ly dhisas pre by the ld orvf di vine trovidence which hi esgovers in ferythings by theisuppero
	layer_4: segonly this is proke by the ode fr devine providenencs which hi escoverns an ferythings by the supero
	layer_6: segondly this is proved by the oder of divined providenence which harescoverence in fearor things by the superiour
	layer_8: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providence which haes goverans inferior things by the superior
	layer_10: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providence which harves governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_12: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providence which havess governs inferior things by the superior

file: 7697-245712-0004.flac
expected: thirdly this is proved from a property of man and of other animals
	layer_2: terainly dhis is provfed from a probertyf man and other anmals
	layer_4: cirainly this is prove fhrom a probedavf man and other animals
	layer_6: thertainly this is proved from a probartave man and other animals
	layer_8: tertainly this is proved from a propaty ve man and fother animals
	layer_10: cerdenly this is proved from a probatioe man and other animals
	layer_12: cerdenly this is proved from a provartivfe man and other animals

file: 7697-245712-0005.flac
expected: now whatever is participated is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_2: now whatver his portis pade is ubjate whad his thessensiol and enavrso
	layer_4: now whataver his partes paten is tubjacted what is the sential and iniversso
	layer_6: now whateveris partis paden is tubjacted what is dhessential and iniverso
	layer_8: now whateveris partice paden is subjected what is essential and universal
	layer_10: now whatever ese part is paitin is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_12: now whatever hese part is pat in is subject to what is essential and universal

file: 7697-245712-0006.flac
expected: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_2: theirfortas jaction o othr animls to man ais prooke to benatural
	layer_4: thereforet asgjaction of other animals to man is proke to be natural
	layer_6: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proke to be natural
	layer_8: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is prove to be natural
	layer_10: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proove to be natural
	layer_12: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proove to be natural

file: 7697-245712-0007.flac
expected: they would not however on this account have been excepted from the mastership of man as neither at present are they for that reason excepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_2: they would now hever on this cond have been axccapted from the mastership of men as neither at pressen nor they for that reas on eccepto from te masership oreh pot was probdens has wr dain athis
	layer_4: they would no hiver on this cond have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at pressen or they for that reason aexcepted from the masership o od was providens haswor dain a this
	layer_6: they would no hieer on thise cond have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at presen or they for tha reason acceptevd from the mastership o plad whas providence has rodain ale this
	layer_8: they would now hiver on this kind have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for thar reason axcepted from the mastership of plod whose providence has frodained all this
	layer_10: they would now hiver on this kind have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of plod whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_12: they would now hoiver on this kind have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of plod whose providence has ordained all this

file: 7697-245712-0008.flac
expected: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to man that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_2: this i sigd font by fackth at got let te lhey nimost to men that he mugt give the names expressiv of their respaciv natures
	layer_4: this as sicnfint by facthat go letaty enimols to men that he mught gave the names expressive of their respectoe natures
	layer_6: this a siconfied by the fact that go let a the enimost to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_8: this is signiified by the fact that god let the enimals to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_10: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_12: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures

file: 7697-245712-0009.flac
expected: so all animals would have obeyed man of their own accord as in the present state some domestic animals obey him
	layer_2: so  iandmos woud have a bit man a ther ow cort as in the pressens day some o mesteacg emos a bay hinmg
	layer_4: so ol nmis would have a bit men of theron cort as in the presen's day some to mestic anmos o bay him
	layer_6: so all animans would have a bed men of their own court as in the presencs da some domastic enimos abayhing
	layer_8: so all animalts would have a bed men of their own court as in the presence dae some domestic enimoles obey him
	layer_10: so all animals would have a bed man of their own court as in the presence da some domestic enimals obey him
	layer_12: so all animals would have a bed man of their own court as in the presence day some domestic enimals obey him

file: 7697-245712-0010.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_2: objacktsion one itwlas seeme that in te sivenissence ma woul not havle had mastership aver al other creatures
	layer_4: objacktion one it wias seemed that ig the savenicincs man would not half had masership over all other creatures
	layer_6: objaction one it wa seemed that ing the saveenisencse men would not havf had masership over all other creatures
	layer_8: objection one it wul seem that in the safe inocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_10: objection one it will seem that in the safe innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_12: objection one it will seem that in the safe innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures

file: 7697-245712-0011.flac
expected: much less therefore would it have obeyed man in the state of innocence
	layer_2: much as fe for woul te hae a bat men inthe sat of eniscense
	layer_4: much las fe for would he havb a bit men in the stat of inecense
	layer_6: much las fa for would ahave a bit men in the stateof innocence
	layer_8: much les vefor would  have a bit man in the state of innocence
	layer_10: much less veafour woulde have a bit man in the state of innocence
	layer_12: much less veafor would have a bit men in the state of innocence

file: 7697-245712-0012.flac
expected: therefore since it is by his reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems that in the state of innocence man had no dominion over plants
	layer_2: the refor sings it is by thes reason that manis compitan to ha mastership i stemes fvatyn the stivlencsence man hadold men in over plans
	layer_4: the afore seencs it is by this reason that man is competan to hape mastership it seems feding the stivensince man hadnod mean an overplens
	layer_6: theoefore seence it is by this reason that man is competen to have mastership it seems felding the stavlinsence man had no ben in overplens
	layer_8: therefore seince it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seeams fedding the statlinsance man had no been an overplans
	layer_10: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the statensince man has no been in overplans
	layer_12: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the stateinsince man hasnot been in overplans

file: 7697-245712-0013.flac
expected: now in man reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_2: now e mem reason the hast persition of master and nowt a the suptect
	layer_4: now e men reasonthe has to position of a master and now oftha subject
	layer_6: now a mem reason has te position of a master and not o the subject
	layer_8: now i mem reason has the position of a master and no of the subject
	layer_10: now in memreason has the position of a master and not of the subject
	layer_12: now in menreason has the position of a master and not of the subject

file: 7697-245712-0014.flac
expected: i answer that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual union have been sterile
	layer_2: y nser that we must nes omit that in taprimut ofe stath ther would have been some inecuadity at least as regord's sex becaus generation the pensu pon doversityoe sexs and likewice as regars age for someould have been born of others nor owod sextr uny have beensdarral
	layer_4: i inservdt hat we must neeto mit that in the primit ive stathe ther would haveh been some inquartity at least as regards sex because generation thepencsupon diversitaof sex and likeuice as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexurunli have been staril
	layer_6: i inserve that we must nes admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regard sex because generation depends upon diversityvef sex and likewise as regard's age for some would have been borne of others nor would sexre uny have been sterel
	layer_8: i inserve that we must need admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexr unin have been stevral
	layer_10: i inserve that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sex unine have been steverile
	layer_12: i anserve that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sex unine have been stevrile

file: 7697-245712-0015.flac
expected: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_2: there mutd alse have beein boudtit ly dhispority
	layer_4: there might also have been butitely desparity
	layer_6: there might also have been budily disparity
	layer_8: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_10: there might also have been bodirly disparity
	layer_12: there might also have been bodirly disparity

file: 7697-245712-0016.flac
expected: inequality might also arise on the part of nature as above described without any defect of nature
	layer_2: n acoetym my als wor rison thaf pars of nature as biove distript wthout ana defasf nature
	layer_4: n acority mit als rr rise on theparts of nature as bove destriped without any difactfl nature
	layer_6: n aquorlity migt alsorise on the parts of nature as bove descriped without any defactful nature
	layer_8: n acuority might also rise on the parts of nature as bove described without any defectiful nature
	layer_10: n aquality might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defecful nature
	layer_12: in aquality might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defectful nature

file: 7697-245712-0017.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have been master over man
	layer_2: ofbjauck siin on he il semd that a mhestitif humisens manlold not hapd be master vermen
	layer_4: objaction one he woll seemed that ame stead of themcins man wuld not hapd bee masterver  men
	layer_6: objaction on he woc seemed that amthestat of chemicen's man would not have bee master over a men
	layer_8: objection one hiill seemed that in thn state of cimnosencs man would not have be maser over men
	layer_10: objection one hisem that in the state of iticense man would not have been mased over men
	layer_12: objection one hiseeme that in the state of imticense man would not have been masedr over men

file: 7697-245712-0018.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_2: thereforei in the stade ofthe misenc manwld now have pbeeng subjati men
	layer_4: therefore in the state of the missence man would now have been subjata man
	layer_6: therefore in the state of emissense man would nowt have been subjact to man
	layer_8: therefore in the state of imnoscence man would now have been subject to man
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innoscence man would now have been subject to man
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innoscence man would now have been subject to man

file: 7697-245712-0019.flac
expected: in another sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he who has the office of governing and directing free men can be called a master
	layer_2: in nother sanse masership is referd in a general sans to any cont of sub japt and en this senceven he hased the office of covernying and diructing free men con be caut imaster
	layer_4: inother sense masership is referrd an a general sance to anicin of subject and in this senc even he hasd the office of coverning and diructing free men can be cauhtimaster
	layer_6: in other sense mastership is referre an a general sence to any kind of subject and in this sene even whe hast the office of coverning and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_8: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_10: in other sense mastership is referred in a general' sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be callt a master
	layer_12: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be calglt a master

file: 7697-245712-0020.flac
expected: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state of innocence between man and man for two reasons
	layer_2: such a con of masteshoul would have existed inm testadifinicest betwin a an men for two reasons
	layer_4: such a conif masteshould would have existed in the steadifinises between ma and men for two reasons
	layer_6: such a conofmastenshi would have existed in the steadifanices between man and men for two reasons
	layer_8: such a connofhmastership would have existed in the statofhenices between man and men for two reasons
	layer_10: such a cin ot masership would have existed in the stad fenices between man and men for two reasons
	layer_12: such a con oth masership would have existed in the steadofenices between man and men for two reasons

file: 7697-105817-0000.flac
expected: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord who are now his judge
	layer_2: more then this ye have being herd to raylon you my lod for ia now ise jurg
	layer_4: more than this hoe have beng her to railon you my lord for a now his juge
	layer_6: more than this he have been heard to rail on you my lord for i now his judgh
	layer_8: more than this he have been heard to rail on you my lord wor am now his judge
	layer_10: more than this e hath been hurt to rail on you my lord wor im now his judge
	layer_12: more than this ye hath been hurt to rail on you my lord wor i'm now his judge

file: 7697-105817-0001.flac
expected: judge thy just doom would be to die on the spot still let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_2: jut thoi eous doom would be to dorion the spot stp letus her what ou haste say
	layer_4: jot dejust doom would be to dorri on the spot stup let us here what thou has to sayn
	layer_6: juege t just doombe would be to dary on the spot stoop let us heare what thou has to sayig
	layer_8: judg de just doom would be to darry on the spot stoop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_10: juge thy just doom would be to dary on the spot stoop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_12: juge thi just doom would be to dary on the spot stoop let us hear what thou hast to say

file: 7697-105817-0002.flac
expected: then the judge to sum up the case spoke thus you see this man who has made such a stir in our town
	layer_2: then the jug to some of the caings spotke thirs you seev ous man who  hased made tuch a sturyng nou r cown
	layer_4: then the judge to some up the cangs spoke thirs you'r seiv is man who has made such a sturring nourtown
	layer_6: then the judge to somewaf the cangs spoke this you seeivehis man who hast made such a stirring nardtown
	layer_8: then the judge to some of the kings spoke thers you'l see this man who has made such a stirring nawr town
	layer_10: then the judge to somene of the kings spoke thers you'll see this man who hath made such a stirring nare town
	layer_12: then the judge to somene of the kings spoke theirs yo'l see this man who hath made such a stirring nara town

file: 7697-105817-0003.flac
expected: thus while one lost his life for the truth a new man rose from his death to tread the same way with christian
	layer_2: thes while wene nost is lok oartitrouth an new man ros from his dath the traba same wary wash quistion
	layer_4: thus whil wen nost his likeqparta thuth a new man rose from his death the trabas same way with quistian
	layer_6: thus why wene not his lark puarte truth a new man rose from his death the trabr same way with quistian
	layer_8: thus why wen not his like qor he truth a new man rose from his death the trab is same way with quristion
	layer_10: thus why when not his like for the truth a new man rose from his death the trab is same way with quistion
	layer_12: thus why when not his like qor the truth a new man rose from his death the trab is same way with quistion

file: 7697-105817-0004.flac
expected: come good hopeful said christian let us walk on the grass
	layer_2: comn good hel fo sa crescihim leters warkc on the grass
	layer_4: com good held ful said crishhim latters walk on the grass
	layer_6: calm good helpfalrl said crisham letters walk on the grass
	layer_8: came good helpfur said krisham let urs walk on the grass
	layer_10: come good helpful said krisham let us walk on the grass
	layer_12: come good helpful said krischam let us walk on the grass

file: 7697-105817-0005.flac
expected: so they set off through the field
	layer_2: so he satof troug the femds
	layer_4: so ey sat off through th femd
	layer_6: so they sat o through the thems
	layer_8: so they sat off through the feme
	layer_10: so they sat off through the fimd
	layer_12: so they sat off through the fimds

file: 7697-105817-0006.flac
expected: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_2: hobfol i had my fearcsd from the first and so gave yu ar hind friston go frendt i gre that ur have brughthyu out o the rit palth
	layer_4: hopefor i had my fers from the first and so gave you a hant christen gir friend i grive that i have broughtc you out of the right palth
	layer_6: hubfor i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christan goo friend i grived hat i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_8: hupfor i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i grieved that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_10: hoefur i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i grieved that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_12: hope fur i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hate christian good friend i grieved that i have brought you out of the right path

file: 7697-105817-0007.flac
expected: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_2: oful sayn oa more no doubt it is for ougoot
	layer_4: ofor saying o more no doubt it is four ourgood
	layer_6: hofu sayi gno more no doubt it is for hourgood
	layer_8: hofo say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_10: hofo say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_12: hofo say no more no doubt it is for our good

file: 7697-105817-0008.flac
expected: christian we must not stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_2: hushon wre yo must no sten thus leustrido god bag
	layer_4: curchan were you must now stend thus let us try to go bak
	layer_6: pruchan were you must now stand thus let us try to go bacg
	layer_8: cruschan where you must now stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_10: kustion where you must now stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_12: kustion where you must now stand thus let us try to go back

file: 7697-105817-0009.flac
expected: then said giant despair you have no right to force your way in here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_2: then set trine dispair yo o have lo rte of forchul wayking her the grounk nong which yoou lye is myng
	layer_4: then set trined despar youl have lno right of forcual waking here the ground on which you li is ming
	layer_6: then septryin despair youl have no right of fortyial wagin here the ground on which you lie is miin
	layer_8: then septrying despair you have no right of forcyourl waging here the ground on which you lie is myne
	layer_10: then septrying despair you have no right to force your wagging here the ground on which you lie is myne
	layer_12: then ceptrying despair you have no right to force your wagging here the ground on which you lie is myne

file: 7697-105817-0010.flac
expected: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fault
	layer_2: they had not much to say as bee knew that they wering fot
	layer_4: the had not much to say as bee knew that they werin fourt
	layer_6: they had not much to say as beey knew that they were ingforght
	layer_8: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fourght
	layer_10: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in forht
	layer_12: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in forht

file: 7697-105817-0011.flac
expected: and by this act we kill our souls as well
	layer_2: and by desact wit culour sos as well
	layer_4: and by desack wich ulour sos as well
	layer_6: and by thisac wiccul our sos as well
	layer_8: and by this act wiccule our souls as well
	layer_10: and by this act we kill our souls as well
	layer_12: and by this act we kill our souls as well

file: 7697-105815-0000.flac
expected: he now went on till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this he did two or three times
	layer_2: he now when tong to hecam to the hous andtha dor wheich he was tdo not this itit to or fhree tons
	layer_4: he know when tong to he kem to the house ad he dorf which he was to nock this itid two or fhre toms
	layer_6: he know when tongue ti he ceme to the house at the dor ofh which he was to knock this ited two or free tims
	layer_8: he now when tonge till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this aded two or tree times
	layer_10: he now went tong till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this aded to or three times
	layer_12: he now went tong till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this aded to or three times

file: 7697-105815-0001.flac
expected: christian i have come to see the good man of the house
	layer_2: gristin i have tome tosee ta good man of the hous
	layer_4: gristan i have come to say t e good man of the house
	layer_6: gristan i have come to seet a good man af the house
	layer_8: cristin i have come to see it a good man af the house
	layer_10: cristin i have come to see it a good man of the house
	layer_12: cristin i have come to see it a good man of the house

file: 7697-105815-0002.flac
expected: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to mount zion
	layer_2: christion sir i anm comfrom the sity of thestruption and an ma my wayt mon sim
	layer_4: hristan sir i im come from the city of thes ruption and em ma my way t montsiun
	layer_6: christan sir i am come from the city of disruptian and am o my way to mosion
	layer_8: christian sir i am come from the city of desruptian and am on my way to monaan
	layer_10: christian sir i am come from the city of desruption and am on my way to monzaion
	layer_12: christian sir i am come from the city of desruption and am on my way to monzaion

file: 7697-105815-0003.flac
expected: i was told by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you would show me good things that would help me
	layer_2: i was stol boy the man the stans of e gate that hat fi chim here you shlwl me goothings bhat would helt me
	layer_4: i walsl stood by the men thestands af the gate that it fi came here yout shill mak u things bat would help me
	layer_6: i will stood by the man the stands a the gate that if i cam here you ul shill me goo things that would help me
	layer_8: i was stowed by the men that stands at te gate that if i cam here you show me good things that would help me
	layer_10: i was stowed by the men that stands at the gate that if i cam here you show me good things that would help me
	layer_12: i was stowed by the men that stands at the gate that if i cam here you show me good things that would help me

file: 7697-105815-0004.flac
expected: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold hung near his head
	layer_2: he stood as inf hee would lefur men and a cron a god har near he s hat
	layer_4: he stooed as i he would plefor men and a crown af gold har near his heard
	layer_6: he stoowd as if he would pleafor men and a crown of gold har near his heard
	layer_8: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold hald near his heard
	layer_10: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold ham near his heard
	layer_12: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold halm near his heard

file: 7697-105815-0005.flac
expected: christian what does this mean
	layer_2: cuiston what thisis mean
	layer_4: cuistien what this this mean
	layer_6: christian what this this mean
	layer_8: christian what dhis this mean
	layer_10: christian what does this mean
	layer_12: christian what does this mean

file: 7697-105815-0006.flac
expected: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_2: then he too he to a lartroom that woas fol of dust for i had nop bing swept and inthiperedere toldhis mand tho sweepet
	layer_4: then he took hi to a larchroom that was fall of dust for it had not being swapt and interpreter told hist mand hi sweep et
	layer_6: then he took him to a larghe room that was fall of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_8: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_10: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_12: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it

file: 7697-105815-0007.flac
expected: christian what means this
	layer_2: guistin what meang s thies
	layer_4: quistan what meangs tese
	layer_6: cristan what means these
	layer_8: christin what means these
	layer_10: christan what means these
	layer_12: christian what means these

file: 7697-105815-0008.flac
expected: then you next saw the maid come in to lay the dust so is sin made clean and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_2: then you tnat sowrt made com in to nate dos so hi sem may cing and layt lo by fatin th book
	layer_4: the younat sort made comen to lade dust so e seem may cling and lade low by fait in the bok
	layer_6: the you nac sort made coming to la te dust so he seem maye cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_8: then eunac sorto made come ing to lady dust so he seem mad cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_10: the unek sort of made come ing to lady dust so he seemed made cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_12: then unek sort of made comeing to lady dust so he seemed made cling and laid low by faith in the book

file: 7697-105815-0009.flac
expected: just as christian came up to the cross his load slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_2: just aske thristion canmup to the crows heas lo sa fron his bact clos to demowthef the tom wher it felling and i sowit no mare
	layer_4: just ask thristion cam up to the crous hes lowd slafe from his bak close to emous of the tomb were it felling and ia sawt no more
	layer_6: just ask tristian came up to the crous ha slowd slapve from his back cloes to the mouth of the tomb where it felling and i sawit no more
	layer_8: just as thristian came up to the crouss ha slow slifd from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_10: just as christian came up to the crouse he slow slipfed from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_12: just as christian came up to the crouse he slow slipfed from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more

file: 7697-105815-0010.flac
expected: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace be to thee thou hast grace from thy sins
	layer_2: as he stood thosan wot lo thoree broht ans canthim and one of them said phespeet o the thou hase rishe bron thi sings
	layer_4: as he stooed those in wept lo three brigdaes kan to him and one of them said espeeto the thou hasgriase from thye sings
	layer_6: as he stood thos inwept lo three brightwils can to him an one of them sad e speto thee thou hath grease fron thy sings
	layer_8: as he stood thuse and wept lo three broghdwils cem to ham and one of them said pese be to thee thou hasth griahed from thy sings
	layer_10: as he stood thus and wept lo three brogd wills came to ham and one of them said pease be to thee thou hast griashed from thy sings
	layer_12: as he stood thus and wept lo three brodwilles came to ham and one of them said pease be to thee thou hast griached from thy sings

file: 7697-105815-0011.flac
expected: christian gave three leaps for joy and sang as he went ah what a place is this blest cross blest tomb
	layer_2: tristion gav free leps for jo and sen ak he went a what a plays his fis blast crows bles too
	layer_4: tristian gave thre leaps for jo and sen as he went ah what af plas hes phis blast craws blast toon
	layer_6: christian gave three leaps for jo and sein as he went ah what a playse is fis blast crass blastun
	layer_8: christian gave three leaps for joy and san as he went ah what a playse is tis blast cross blast tun
	layer_10: christian gave three leaps for joy and san as he went ah what a plaise is this blast cross blast tune
	layer_12: christian gave three leaps for joy and san as he went ah what a plaise is this blast cross blast tune

file: 7697-105815-0012.flac
expected: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he saw three men who were in a sound sleep with chains on their feet
	layer_2: he wen tom thos to he cam to a veu where he self re men who weryn a sonsleep with chan son te o fet
	layer_4: he wentone ths to he came to a vel were he self ryemen who were in a son sleep with chanson the our feet
	layer_6: he went tom thus till he came to a veil where hi soft rymen who were en a son sleep with chains on the oufeet
	layer_8: he went on thus till he came to a vel where his softrey men who were in a soun sleep with chains on theiufet
	layer_10: he went on thus till he came to a veil where his sothry men who were in a sound sleep with chains on theufete
	layer_12: he went on thus till he came to a veile where his sothrey men who were in a sound sleep with chains on theofete

file: 7697-105815-0013.flac
expected: christian sirs whence come you and where do you go
	layer_2: cuiston sirce ben's coampbyu and weare to ta go
	layer_4: cquistian sirs bence com u and wer to the go
	layer_6: christian sirh lens come yu and wertyu tago
	layer_8: christian sir lens combu and where dilago
	layer_10: christian six len's combu and where tila go
	layer_12: christian six lens combu and where tila go

file: 7697-105815-0014.flac
expected: formalist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of vain glory and are on our way to mount zion for praise
	layer_2: fr matst and pocprsy wa reborn inmg themende flaing glory and aur ownow wayt moun ine for pras
	layer_4: for matised and popracy we ereborn inmg the landeffain glory and our on nou way t mounse dine for prase
	layer_6: or matist andpocracy we reborning the lando fainglory and oure ol nowr wey to mounts din for praise
	layer_8: for maddest and hypocrisy we wrebornin the land of fainglory and our o nour way to mount dine for praise
	layer_10: for maddest and hypocrisy we were born in the land of fainglory and our own our way to mount dine for praise
	layer_12: for maddest and hypocrisy we were born in the land of fainglory and our own our way to mount line for praise

file: 7697-105815-0015.flac
expected: know you not that he that comes not in at the door but climbs up to get in the same is a thief
	layer_2: no eu not that he that coms noting hat adoor bhut clamse to getting the sayme maesher thef
	layer_4: now you not that he that coms not in tat a dor but clamsep to getting the same mas a thif
	layer_6: nor you not that he that comes not enetador bult climsep to getting the same as a thief
	layer_8: know you not that he that comes not in at ador but climps up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_10: know you not that he that comes not in et ador but climps up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_12: know you not that he that comes not in et ador but climps up to getting the same as a thief

file: 7697-105815-0016.flac
expected: they told christian that he had no need for care on that score for long use had made it law and they could prove that it had been so for years
	layer_2: the tlld quision that he had nonly forcare on thes gor for nong use havd made law and they could prov dhat had bein silver yeears
	layer_4: the told quistian that he had nonly forcare on thiscor for long us havd made e law and they could prove that had been silver years
	layer_6: the told quistian that he had knonly for care on descor for long ews had made a law and they could prove that i had been silver years
	layer_8: they told christian that he had nownly for care on descore for long uws had made a law and they could prove that  had been silver years
	layer_10: they told qhuistian that he had knownly for care on descor for long ews had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_12: they told qhuistian that he had knownly for care on descor for long yewrs had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years

file: 7697-105815-0017.flac
expected: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_2: yes said thing no dotv et
	layer_4: yes said theng no dot of it
	layer_6: yes said then no doubt of it
	layer_8: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_10: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_12: yes said they no doubt of it

file: 7697-105815-0018.flac
expected: and if we get in the road at all pray what are the odds
	layer_2: and if we getting the rot et l pray at or hyos
	layer_4: and if we getting the brote at all pray what oar thiot
	layer_6: and if we getting the brot at all pray what aretiads
	layer_8: and if we getting the broatd at all pray what are thieats
	layer_10: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the ots
	layer_12: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are theots

file: 7697-105815-0019.flac
expected: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_2: s not auroccaseesgoo tasturs
	layer_4: s not ou ccase as gu task yours
	layer_6: s not our case as goo d ast yours
	layer_8: i's not our case as god sket yours
	layer_10: i's not our case it's good asked yours
	layer_12: it's not our case it's good asked yours

file: 7697-105815-0020.flac
expected: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hill of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_2: i sale den that the al wenton to they kem t e fuod etd the hear odifcoty whae ere they was asproe
	layer_4: i saw tdoen that they al wint on o they im to the food ad the hear t of diffcuty weere theye was asprem
	layer_6: i saw then that they ar went onm ti they came to the fod of the heartif difficoty where there was a spreme
	layer_8: i saw then that they al went on til they came to the foood of the herlof difficulty where there was a sprinm
	layer_10: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the herlof difficulty where there was a sprim
	layer_12: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the herlof difficulty where there was a sprim

file: 7697-105815-0021.flac
expected: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hill
	layer_2: now wenquistion gaoht as pias a sproin offlove he drentopidt and then went of t h
	layer_4: now wenquistian got as pr eis esprein of flive he drengof idt and then went uft hug
	layer_6: now when quistian god as far as te sprain of life he drenkeit and then went upte hu
	layer_8: now when christian god as far as the sprain of live he dreank of it and then went up the hue
	layer_10: now when christian got as far as the sprain of life he drank of it and then went up hug
	layer_12: now when christian got as far as the sprain of life he drank of it and then went up hugh

file: 7697-105815-0022.flac
expected: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hill that those who came by might rest there
	layer_2: now half we ut was accae ma by dn nod of that hi that thou s who cinme by myt rest bere
	layer_4: now half weou was a cave mae by the doord of that hu that thouse who came by met restbher
	layer_6: now half weuk was a cave made by the lord of that hu that those who came by met restbhere
	layer_8: now half way ut was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by metrestbere
	layer_10: now a halfway up was a cave made by the lord of that huge that those who came by met restbere
	layer_12: now a halfway up was a cave made by the lord of that huge that those who came by mect restbere

file: 7697-105815-0023.flac
expected: timorous said that zion was the hill they meant to climb but that when they had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk so that great fear came on them and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_2: timer sad tha in was ta ho themen to clon but that whin ley had got ha  they fone that they met with more and moris sol dat ueed feari kimm ondon and a the coul do was to tr  bat
	layer_4: timor sat that d was be he they men to 'clo but that winley had go half  they found that they met with more and morrist sol decuit fer cimonden and all they coulddu was to tm bak
	layer_6: timmor sat that di was fehe they mean o cla but that winley had goe half way they found that they met with more and morrisk soldaquat fear cimonden and all they could do was to tmn bat
	layer_8: timmer sad that dn was fer whe they meant to cloe but that winley had gone half way they found that they met with more and more risk soldecued fear cimonden and all they could do was to trn back
	layer_10: timmer sad tha dying was for he they meant to cla but that whinley had gone half way they found that they met with more and more risk solde cred fear cemonden and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_12: timmer said the diing was for he they meant to clar but that whinley had gone half way they found that they met with more and more risk solda cred fear kemonden and all they could do was to turn back

file: 7697-105815-0024.flac
expected: yes said mistrust for just in front of us there lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they slept or not but we thought that they would fall on us and tear our limbs
	layer_2: yes saidth mistrurst for a just infromtheavus ber lay to beates of preayn owr cave woul de narti the s nept r anout but we though that theywouel falerd ans and turou legs
	layer_4: yes saidthe miscrust for dcest in fromte us berlay two beats of preainour cate weu knew nati they s nuptor anod but we though that they would fallerdens andtyrou les
	layer_6: yes saidthe mischust for ainchest infronta us ber lay two beasts of prayn our cath we knew not if they snatrnod but we though that they would faller thers andtyr our leibs
	layer_8: yes said the mistrust for a chest in front of us therelay two beasts of prayn our cavh we knew not if they snaped ronad but we thought that they would follw this and tir our liambs
	layer_10: yes said the mistrust for a chest in front of us bhere lay two beasts of pray in our pcave we knew not if they snaped ronard but we thought that they would follow this and teer our limbs
	layer_12: yes said the mistrust for a chest in front of us bere lay two beasts of pray in our cave we knew not if they sneppd ronard but we thought that they would follow this and teer our limbs

file: 7697-105815-0025.flac
expected: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the men and then he felt in his cloak for his scroll that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_2: yed he thought once mora ta what he had hared fron the man and then he fouting histeak for hi s growd that he mat reded and foncsome pes
	layer_4: yet he thought once more tat what he had heared fron the man and then he fouting his tot for hisgrow that he mught readed an fin i some pease
	layer_6: yet he thought once more o what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coak for hi strow that he might readit an finitesome pease
	layer_8: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crow that he might read it and find it some pece
	layer_10: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crow that he might read it and find i some piece
	layer_12: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crow that he might read it and find i some piece

file: 7697-105815-0026.flac
expected: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_2: he sel for ied but sound ed not
	layer_4: heselt for id but sound at knot
	layer_6: heselt for id but sound det not
	layer_8: he selt for it but sounded not
	layer_10: he felt for it but sounded not
	layer_12: he selt for it but sounded not

file: 7697-105815-0027.flac
expected: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him grace for this act and then went back to look for his scroll
	layer_2: so he fou don on his neas to pray that dod woulh gif en greaceule bhis acpt and then when batte luok for hcscrod
	layer_4: so he fell dane on his neese to pray that god would gae en graceful bisact and then whent batr loook for h scgrowd
	layer_6: so he fell dane on his knees to prayde that god would give him graceful bysapt and then when ba teor luoke for his crowb
	layer_8: so he fell dawne on his knees to praye that god would give him graceful bisact and then went bat tor luoke for his crob
	layer_10: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him graceful bis apt and then went back to luke for his crobe
	layer_12: so he fell dawn on his knees to pray that god would give him graceful bis apt and then went back to luke for his crobe

file: 7697-105815-0028.flac
expected: oh fool that i am said he to sleep in the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for ease that rest which the lord of the hill had made but for the help of the soul
	layer_2: ho fo that r en sedin to sliping the day tin so a ge  fin to the flechus to use or eas that reat which lord of fo he hat made but ford hew it the so
	layer_4: ho for that ir en said hing to sliping the day time so to gae fit to the flash as to usepore ease that rest which lord of fohee had made but ford help it the son
	layer_6: ho for that i me said him to sliping the day time so to gave fad to the flesh as two use for yease that ret which lorda fohug had made but ford help at the sou
	layer_8: ho for that i am sat him to sliping the day time so tot give way to the flesh as to use for yeas that ret which lord a ferhug had made but for help of the soul
	layer_10: ho for that i am said hing to sleeping the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for yease that ret which lorda ferhugh hath made but fore help of the soul
	layer_12: ho for that i am said hing to sleeping the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for yease that ret which lorda ferhugh hath made but forh help of the soul

file: 7697-105815-0029.flac
expected: such was the lot of the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the red sea and i am made to tread those steps with grief which i might have trod with joy had it not been for this sleep
	layer_2: such woas de loved otd the jus for the re sing they were sent bhack bid way o the grat see and i am made traed thos steap with greve which yin man have trong with jy had id not beeg for thisleap
	layer_4: such was e loe ad the jews for their sing they were sent back bied way of bhe grat se and i am made trae thoe steaps with grave which i min have trung with jy had id not ben for this leep
	layer_6: such waste lawd o the jews for their seem they were sent back by t way of tlegrat sea and i am made tre those steps with grave which yng min have trungk with joy had it not been for thisleep
	layer_8: such was the lawdt tof the jews for their scene they were sent back by the way of blugrasci and i am made trey those steps with grave which i min have trungk with joy had it not been for thisleep
	layer_10: such was the lawnto the jews for theirscene they were sent back by the way of bhe graci and i am made tread those steps with grave which i mint have drunk with joy had it not been for thi sleep
	layer_12: such was the lawnto the jews for their scene they were sent back by the way of the grafci and i am made to tread those steps with grave which i minht have drunk with joy had it not been for the sleep

file: 7697-105815-0030.flac
expected: how far might i have been on my way by this time
	layer_2: ho frmn i half being l my wa by this tine
	layer_4: o farment i halfto being o my wat by this time
	layer_6: ho farm an i have the being on my wit by this time
	layer_8: how farm and i have the being on my way by this time
	layer_10: how farm hand i have the being on my waig by this time
	layer_12: how farm hand i have the being on my weiy by this time

file: 7697-105815-0031.flac
expected: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where for a spell he sat down and wept but at last as he cast a sad glance at the foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught up with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_2: now by thistome he had come to to vew ancs more whe hereforstpell he said din wot bot at last as he cas e set lans ot fod of the bence bhe so hisrld which he cadet with has and putting his clok
	layer_4: now by this time he had come to the vel wonce more whe erefore ebell he said dwing wet but at last as he case a stet glance at food of the bence he saw hisro which he calglhdat with hast and putding his clogk
	layer_6: now by this time he had come to the vele ence more wherereforspell he said dow in quat but at last as he cata stet glens at a food of the bench he saw hi strol which he calght ip with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_8: now by this time he had come to the veil once more wherre forespell he sat dow in got but at last as he castastet glance athe foot of the bench he saw his strow which he caught it with haste and putting his cloag
	layer_10: now by this time he had come to the veil once more where forspell he sat down and quet but at last as he cast a set glance athe foot of the bench he saw his troll which he caught p with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_12: now by this time he had come to the veil once more where forspell he sat down and quept but at last as he cast a set glance at the foot of the bench he saw his troll which he caught p with haste and putting his cloak

file: 7697-105815-0032.flac
expected: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his scroll
	layer_2: worers are to we to tel tha joyof christion when he had got bat his wrol
	layer_4: wores are to week to tell the joy of christian when he had got bat his rowd
	layer_6: wors are to wek to tell the joy of christian when he had got bat his roal
	layer_8: wors aretoo weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got bat his ro
	layer_10: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his ro
	layer_12: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe

file: 7697-105815-0033.flac
expected: he laid it up in the breast of his coat and gave thanks to god
	layer_2: he ladedu in the bruset ar his pot and ge thenk s to gar
	layer_4: he laded a in the bruashet of his coad and ga thenks to gard
	layer_6: he laid et ugh in the brusht of his coad and ge thanks to guad
	layer_8: he laid it up in the brush of his code and gave thanks to god
	layer_10: he laid it up in the brust of his cod and gave thanks to god
	layer_12: he laid it up in the brust of his cod and gave thanks to god

file: 7697-105815-0034.flac
expected: with what a light step did he now climb the hill
	layer_2: whouth what a lo stc ted he now clan the hu
	layer_4: with what a lihetac tid he know clam the hu
	layer_6: with what a luch tat did he now clam the hu
	layer_8: with what a ludgeh that did he now clambed the hu
	layer_10: with what a ludgh stat did he now clamb the hue
	layer_12: with what a ludgh stat did he now clamb the hue

file: 7697-105815-0035.flac
expected: ah thought he these beasts range in the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them
	layer_2: hah though hen these beet sraendting the nigte for their pry and fthey should meet with men d dord hoftrd iv liv fondthen
	layer_4: hah thoghhe these beth srenging the night for their prey and if they should met with mened darg helthored i fliht fon en
	layer_6: hah thoughhe these beath sranging the night for their pray and if they should meet with meand dargd hol should i fligh fron them
	layer_8: hah thought he these beathsranghing the night for their prey and if they should meet with me ad dar how should i fly from them
	layer_10: ha thought he these beats ranging the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and dared how should i fly from them
	layer_12: ha thought he these beats ranging the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and darred how should i fly from them

file: 7697-105815-0036.flac
expected: the name of the man who kept the lodge of that house was watchful and when he saw that christian made a halt as if he would go back he came out to him and said is thy strength so small
	layer_2: the name bof th men who kept the lage of that hous was wat for and when he sald he cpriston made head as if he would goo bak ecame olto him hindsat is bistrinf sols mor
	layer_4: the name of the men who kept the large of tha hous was watfor and when he sal ar pristian made a hed as if he would go bak bhe came out to hime ind sat is vis stren sol smor
	layer_6: the name of the men who kept the lardge of that hous was watcfor and when he saw their christian made a hard as if he would goo back he came out to him indsat is by strend sols more
	layer_8: the name of the men who kept the lodge of that house was watch for and when he saw that christian made a hard as if he would go back e came out to him and sat is vy stren sole more
	layer_10: the name of the men who kept the lodge of that house was watch for and when he saw that christian made a hard as if he would go back he came out to him and sat is vy strend sulls more
	layer_12: the name of the men who kept the lodge of that house was watch for and when he saw that christian made a hard as if he would go back he came out to him and sat is vy strend sulls more

file: 7697-105815-0037.flac
expected: fear not the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those that have it and to find out those that have none
	layer_2: fer nods be t wivd beast for they oraboun by changs in or po eride tyte fa thof those bethapiet and te fynowu dhose bet hat non
	layer_4: feari nord be do wild beast for they arebound by chaes in ar put er o chrid o fa t of those bet habit and to find ou those bat hath nong
	layer_6: fear nod but two wild beasts for they are bound by chans and our put hiri o try th faith of those bat habit and to find ouw those that hath knong
	layer_8: fear ad not bet too wild beasts for they are abound by chans and ar put here o try the fathe of those bat habit and to find out those that hath nowne
	layer_10: fear n not but too wild beasts for they are bound by chains and ar put here to try the faithe of those bat habit and to find out those that hath gnon
	layer_12: fear n not be too wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are cut here to try the faithe of those bat habit and to find out those that hath gnon

file: 7697-105815-0038.flac
expected: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to thee
	layer_2: kep en the mistevf the pafe and to hoam sha conto vhi
	layer_4: keep in the mistrof the patf and no harm shir con tovei
	layer_6: keep in the mister of the path and no harm shal comtevin
	layer_8: keep in the mistr of the path and no harm shall cometevine
	layer_10: keep in the mistr of the path and no harm shall come to vine
	layer_12: keep in the miste of the path and no harm shall come to vine

file: 7697-105815-0039.flac
expected: then i saw in my dream that still he went on in great dread of the wild beasts he heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stood in front of the lodge where watchful dwelt
	layer_2: the ni sawing my jre that stea he bent onin ray drad at the wid beas  hoar them ra yet theydid to he no harm but when he had gon by then he went on with joy to he cam and stilling frond ot tdhe lot whe ar whatch foul god
	layer_4: the ni sawwing my dreanm that steaw he wbent on ing gra drad of the wide beasts e heae them gror yet they dedto hem no harm but when he had gon by them he went on with joy to he came and stilling frond af th log we are watch wol gid
	layer_6: the nig sawin my dream that stiil he went on in gre dread of the wide beasts i hear them roar yet they did hem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do he came and still ing front of the ladge whe ered watchwul gid
	layer_8: the night saw in my dream that steal he went on in gray dread of the wide beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do he came and still in front of the lodge wher ed watchfuld gid
	layer_10: the night saw in my dream that steal he went on in gray dread of the wide beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy til he came and stoool in front of the lodge wher  watchful god
	layer_12: the night saw in my dream that steal he went on in gray dread of the wide beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stoool in front of the lodge where e watchful god

file: 7697-105815-0040.flac
expected: christian sir what house is this may i rest here to night
	layer_2: bristion s whoa hasithis my n res heard do nigd
	layer_4: pristian sui what housit this mha a res here to night
	layer_6: phristian sir what howse if this my a rest here to night
	layer_8: hristian sir what house if this may a rest here to night
	layer_10: christian sir what house if this may a rest here to night
	layer_12: christian sir what halse if this may i rest here to night

file: 7697-105815-0041.flac
expected: when watchful told her why christian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_2: when wathfol told her wieuistin had tom there she sad what ai shor nane
	layer_4: when watchfol told her whi e uishiin had tome ther she said what is shur name
	layer_6: when watchfo told her why quistion had come there she said what is sour name
	layer_8: when watchfold told her why quishtian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_10: wen watchfold told her why quistion had come there she said what is your name
	layer_12: wen watchfold told her why quistion had come there she said what is your name

file: 7697-105815-0042.flac
expected: then christian bent down his head and went with them to the house
	layer_2: thencuriste be dos had and when with m to hous
	layer_4: then christian been dais head and when with him twood house
	layer_6: then christianm ben dais head and wen with thim too t house
	layer_8: then christian benda's head and went with him toth house
	layer_10: then christian benda's head and went with him to the house
	layer_12: then christian bendal's head and went with him to the house

file: 7697-105815-0043.flac
expected: piety come good christian since our love prompts us to take you in to rest let us talk with you of all that you have seen on your way
	layer_2: hity can go od cristn seens are loav prompses to tae hoelin to resd thatis toalk with you a for that should have seing on your way
	layer_4: highty cam good cristion seened or lod crompces to take ealing to rest lat is talk with you afor that shoul have seen on your way
	layer_6: heighty calm god christian seemst our lov chrompces to take heaeling to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_8: heighty calm good christian seens our love promptsus to take ealing to rest let us talk with you afore that should have seen on your way
	layer_10: heighty calm good christian since our love prompts us to take healding to rest let us talk with you afore that should have seen on your way
	layer_12: heighty calm good christian since our love prompts us to take healding to rest let us talk with you afore that should have seen on your way

file: 7697-105815-0044.flac
expected: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_2: curson with a ride goo ie and i in glat that sher should askket of me
	layer_4: cuistion with a riht goot u and i emglad that she should aset of me
	layer_6: risian with a right good ue and i am glad that she should ask et of me
	layer_8: chisian with a right good wie and i am glad that syhoe should ask it of me
	layer_10: chrustian with a right good bill and i am glad that she should ask it of me
	layer_12: christian with a right good brill and i am glad that she should ask it of me

file: 7697-105815-0045.flac
expected: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish so much to go to mount zion
	layer_2: truvence andd fhirst sa waeis ve that mas shoul wishtill must god montine
	layer_4: trudence an first say what is ive that mayesoul wishtoll much  god mant yiune
	layer_6: prudente and first say what is if that may shoud wish till much t go dto montd iam
	layer_8: prudence and first say what is it that may shu wish till much  go to montion
	layer_10: prudence and first say what is it that masu wish til much to go to montaian
	layer_12: prudence and first say what is it that masur wish til much to go to montaian

file: 7697-105815-0046.flac
expected: there they say is no death and there i shall dwell with such as love the lord
	layer_2: ther they say is no death and the re i sh a doe with such as not thelord
	layer_4: there they say is no death and theyare i shaule do with such as noe de lord
	layer_6: there they say is no death and there i shall do with such as no de lord
	layer_8: there they say is no death and there i shall do with such as nove de lord
	layer_10: there they say is no death and there i shall do with such as loe de lord
	layer_12: there they say it's no death and there i shall do with such as love de lord

file: 7697-105815-0047.flac
expected: charity have you a wife and babes christian yes i have
	layer_2: chirty hae you wieaen bavse frisho h as u havf
	layer_4: charty have your whife and bas chrih u yeis au havf
	layer_6: charity have your wife and bas crisu yes i have
	layer_8: charity have your wife and bahes christia yes i have
	layer_10: charity have your wife and bathes christian yes i have
	layer_12: charity have your wife and bathes christian yes i have

file: 7697-105815-0048.flac
expected: charity and why did you not bring them with you
	layer_2: chariting lhe winei you not ren them wih you
	layer_4: charityng lu widit you not ring then with you
	layer_6: chariting lowidid you not breng then with you
	layer_8: charotin luwi did you not bring them with you
	layer_10: charity lawy did you not bring them with you
	layer_12: charity lawy did you not bring them with you

file: 7697-105815-0049.flac
expected: but they would not come with me nor have me leave them
	layer_2: tu they would now com with me nor has me lison
	layer_4: bhut tey would no come with me nor hafh me leason
	layer_6: but they would not come with me nor have me liasten
	layer_8: but they would not come with me nor hafh me elisen
	layer_10: but they would not come with me nor have me lisen
	layer_12: but they would not come with me nor have me lisen

file: 7697-105815-0050.flac
expected: thus did christian talk with these friends till it grew dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slept till break of day and then he sang a hymn
	layer_2: thus dit porstion tolk with his pranstulit roim dog and then he too his rest ing belarge roon th nane of which whast peas there heslapet to old break ef day and then he sana hen
	layer_4: thus tit quistion talk with his frenstudit room dark and then he too his rest into blarge roon the nameo which was peasc there he slapped tu breake of day and then he sanda him
	layer_6: thus did quristian talk with his friend's tolit groom dark and then he took his rest in to large room the name of which was peace there he slapped toyou break ob day and then he sant ahin
	layer_8: thus did christian talk with his friends steulit grewm dark and then he took his hrest into ha large room the name of which was peace there he slapped t ou break of day and then he sant a hem
	layer_10: thus did christian talk with his friend's tulit grow dark and then he took his threst into a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped till a break of day and then he sent a heem
	layer_12: thus did christian talk with his friend's tulit grew dark and then he took his threst into a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped till a break of day and then he sent aheem

file: 7697-105815-0051.flac
expected: and they brought out the jaw bone of an ass with which samson did such great feats and the sling and stone with which david slew goliath of gath
	layer_2: and they broughd out a jon bone of in ask with which senson di such wrefhes and the sleaing and stoong wuth which dabbif tlo gady of h of tath
	layer_4: and they brought out a jon bone of an aske with which sensen di such bryfees and the slan and ston with which dibuslo gayoth of gath
	layer_6: and they brought out a jan bone of an as with which senson i such bray fees and the slain and stone with which dabifslew galieth of gath
	layer_8: and they brought out a john bone of an ass with which sason dis such bray fees and the slain and stone with which diveslew galioth of tath
	layer_10: and they brought out a jahn bone of an asse with which samson did such gray fees and the slain and stonge with which diver slew galioth of dath
	layer_12: and they brought out a jan bone of an asse with which samsen did such gray fees and the slain and stone with which dive slew galliath of dath

file: 7697-105815-0052.flac
expected: what is the name of this land said christian
	layer_2: wat s tan dame of this lan sef criton
	layer_4: whatist e dame of this len sa gruchian
	layer_6: watis the name of this land said crician
	layer_8: what is the name of this land said kruchen
	layer_10: what is the name of this land said kruchen
	layer_12: what is the name of this land said kruchen

file: 7697-105815-0053.flac
expected: then they told him it was immanuel's land
	layer_2: then the toldim it was im manous lend
	layer_4: then the told him it was imauous lend
	layer_6: then they told him it was imaius land
	layer_8: then they told him it was i marius land
	layer_10: then they told him it was i marius land
	layer_12: then they told him it was i marius land

file: 1255-138279-0000.flac
expected: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_2: it was a night when sorro ma come to the britist without causing any great sensifvin congruty whern with impressible persons love becomes sylsistursness hope sings to mis giving and fath to hope when he exaes iese af memory does not ster feedings of regret ad oppertunites for andbition that hav ben pased by and and tisipation doas not prompt tor enterprise
	layer_4: it was anight when sorrow may come to the brihtest without causing any great cens of incongruity when withimpressible persons love becomes silcistusness hope sings to miss giving and faith to hope when the exercis of memory does not stir feedings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and and ticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_6: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicistoursness hope sinks to missgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret had opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_8: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicistousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when th exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_10: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_12: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise

file: 1255-138279-0001.flac
expected: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their media of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_2: still to a close observer they ar justas porceptible the differences that their mediar of manif estation u lesst trite and formiliar thand such well ton ons as the bursting of the bds orl the forl of the lief
	layer_4: still to a closeobserver they are just as percepitible the differenceeas that their mediar of manifestation are less triht and familia than such well nome ones as the bursting of the bods or the fall of the lef
	layer_6: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their mediare of manifestation are less trit and familia than such well known ones as the bursting of the bods or the fall of the leaf
	layer_8: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their mediar of manifestation are less trit and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_10: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medear of manifestation are less triht and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_12: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medear of manifestation are less trait and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf

file: 1255-138279-0002.flac
expected: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if any thing could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_2: heeven yfthink could be darck of than the sky it was the wal in hef en yf hin could bed gloomir than the wal it was the rivo eneth
	layer_4: e enythin could be dark of han the sky it was the wall and if enythin could be gloumiar than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_6: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomiar than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_8: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_10: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_12: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath

file: 1255-138279-0003.flac
expected: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_2: and indiscribable succession of dol blows peplecking in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluthy appaspear
	layer_4: and in describable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the flufthy appospheere
	layer_6: an indescribable succession of dul blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffhy aposphere
	layer_8: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy amosphere
	layer_10: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_12: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere

file: 1255-138279-0004.flac
expected: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_2: not l after a formet moved by the brink of the river
	layer_4: not l after a format moved by the brink of the river
	layer_6: not l after a form a moved by the brink of the river
	layer_8: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_10: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_12: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river

file: 1255-138279-0005.flac
expected: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_2: this was all that was possitof uly discoverable theg it seeme  human
	layer_4: this was all that was positively discoverable thergh it seemed humon
	layer_6: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_8: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_10: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_12: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human

file: 1255-138279-0006.flac
expected: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_2: the shape went slowli alon but without much exersion for the snow tho sudden ws not as yet more than to incehes deep
	layer_4: the shape went slowly along but without much exerstion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_6: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_8: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_10: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_12: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep

file: 1255-138279-0007.flac
expected: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_2: at this time some words wars spoken alloued one
	layer_4: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_6: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_8: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_10: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_12: at this time some words were spoken aloud one

file: 1255-138279-0008.flac
expected: two three
	layer_2: two tfhree
	layer_4: to three
	layer_6: two three
	layer_8: two three
	layer_10: two three
	layer_12: two three

file: 1255-138279-0009.flac
expected: four five
	layer_2: far fi
	layer_4: for five
	layer_6: four five
	layer_8: four five
	layer_10: four five
	layer_12: four five

file: 1255-138279-0010.flac
expected: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_2: butween each utteranc tha ittle shape advancet about half id oasn tye ards
	layer_4: between each uterence the little shape advanced about half ared oasen hyards
	layer_6: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half adozen yards
	layer_8: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_10: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_12: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards

file: 1255-138279-0011.flac
expected: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_2: he rether sbot stoppd and dwindle smorler
	layer_4: he rther spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_6: he re the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_8: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_10: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_12: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller

file: 1255-138279-0012.flac
expected: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_2: then a mosl of sno flew across the raver towads the fifth windaw
	layer_4: then a morsel of snow flew across the rever towards the fiffth window
	layer_6: then a mossel of snow flew across the rever towards the fifth window
	layer_8: then a mossel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_10: then a morssel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_12: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window

file: 1255-138279-0013.flac
expected: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_2: the river would have ben seen by day to be afthat a deep smooth sourt which races middleansides with the same ligting presision an y iregularaties of speed beng immegitcirrected bysmolr worlple
	layer_4: the river would have been seen by day to be of that a deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the same liding procision an y irigularities of speed being ameditli corected by smar worlple
	layer_6: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the same dliding precision any irrigularities of speed being immediately corrected by small worlpool
	layer_8: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same dliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_10: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_12: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool

file: 1255-138279-0014.flac
expected: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_2: the windnov we struck a gam in the sae maner
	layer_4: the windowver struk a game in the same manne
	layer_6: the window was struck a gaine in the same manna
	layer_8: the window was struck a gaim in the same manner
	layer_10: the window was struck a game in the same manner
	layer_12: the window was struck a game in the same manner

file: 1255-138279-0015.flac
expected: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_2: then anois was herd a parecla produced by the openy f the window
	layer_4: then a nois was heard aparacly produced by the openey of the window
	layer_6: then a noise was heard apparically produced by the openey of the window
	layer_8: then a noise was heard apparecally produced by the openen of the window
	layer_10: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_12: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window

file: 1255-138279-0016.flac
expected: said the blurred spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_2: said the blurd spot in the snow remilasly
	layer_4: said the blurd spot in the snow tremiloussly
	layer_6: said the blourd spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_8: said the blourd spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_10: said the bloured spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_12: said the blured spot in the snow tremulously

file: 1255-138279-0017.flac
expected: i asked which was your window forgive me
	layer_2: i ase weich was your window forgive me
	layer_4: i aske ich was your window forgive me
	layer_6: i asked hich was your window forgive me
	layer_8: i aske wich was your window forgive me
	layer_10: i asked wic twas your window forgive me
	layer_12: i askd hit twas your window forgive me

file: 1255-138279-0018.flac
expected: well i said that you might
	layer_2: whene i said that yu migt
	layer_4: when i said that you might
	layer_6: when i said that you might
	layer_8: when i said that you might
	layer_10: when i said that you might
	layer_12: when i said that you might

file: 1255-138279-0019.flac
expected: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_2: or must i it is wen shall we be married frangk
	layer_4: ho must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_6: ho must i it is when shall be be married frank
	layer_8: how must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_10: how must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_12: how must i it is when shall we be married frank

file: 1255-138279-0020.flac
expected: i have money
	layer_2: i have monney
	layer_4: i have money
	layer_6: i have money
	layer_8: i have money
	layer_10: i have money
	layer_12: i have money

file: 1255-138279-0021.flac
expected: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_2: and be liyve in two parshes doy what then
	layer_4: and we leave in two parishes doe what then
	layer_6: and we leavein two parishes doe what then
	layer_8: and we liave in two parishes doey what then
	layer_10: and we live in two parishes do e what then
	layer_12: and we live in two parishes do e what then

file: 1255-138279-0022.flac
expected: if i said so of course i will
	layer_2: if i sait siol calrs i will
	layer_4: if i said sol couse i will
	layer_6: if i saitd sorlf course i will
	layer_8: if i said sor course i will
	layer_10: if i said so of course i will
	layer_12: if i said so of course i will

file: 1255-138279-0023.flac
expected: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_2: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_4: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_6: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_8: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_10: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_12: the fact is i forgot to ask

file: 1255-138279-0024.flac
expected: good night frank good night
	layer_2: gcould ni ae frik god might
	layer_4: good ni te frak good might
	layer_6: good night frak good night
	layer_8: good night frak good night
	layer_10: good night frank good night
	layer_12: good night frank good night

file: 1255-90407-0000.flac
expected: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_2: he hapnothing seriu sad havernet to dreag her ot ot such an untoward time
	layer_4: he hopesd nothing serious had happened to dreag her out o such an anterward time
	layer_6: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out oat such an unterward time
	layer_8: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_10: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_12: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time

file: 1255-90407-0001.flac
expected: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_2: but as the ran gave not the  lheast sine of sessation he observed i thinkt weshal have to goba never
	layer_4: but as the rain gave not tha least signe of sersation he observed i think we shal hae to go back never
	layer_6: but as the rain gave not the least sign of sesrsation he observed i think we shal hae to go back never
	layer_8: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_10: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_12: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never

file: 1255-90407-0002.flac
expected: why not he inquired
	layer_2: why not hen card
	layer_4: by not hin card
	layer_6: by not hincard
	layer_8: by not hin card
	layer_10: wy not hingard
	layer_12: wy not hingard

file: 1255-90407-0003.flac
expected: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_2: i cannot ond derstand how you should no me while i have no onliget of iou
	layer_4: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have now nonlege of you
	layer_6: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_8: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_10: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_12: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you

file: 1255-90407-0004.flac
expected: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_2: oh but you kno me about meatleast
	layer_4: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_6: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_8: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_10: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_12: oh but you know me about me at least

file: 1255-90407-0005.flac
expected: i should think so
	layer_2: iseuld think so
	layer_4: i ould think so
	layer_6: hy should think so
	layer_8: i should think so
	layer_10: i sold think so
	layer_12: i shod think so

file: 1255-90407-0006.flac
expected: he's my father indeed
	layer_2: he s my father indeed
	layer_4: he is my father indeed
	layer_6: he is my father indeed
	layer_8: he is my father indeed
	layer_10: he is my father indeed
	layer_12: he is my father indeed

file: 1255-90407-0007.flac
expected: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_2: but we hve beentenuntse of sil vaniarccastl on the iland har the season
	layer_4: but we hae been tenants of silvaniar castle on the islaned here thes season
	layer_6: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_8: but we hve been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_10: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_12: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season

file: 1255-90407-0008.flac
expected: my father's is a comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_2: my fathers is is so comparaulif thy humble risidantard by
	layer_4: my father's is is sa comparaclively humble risidentcs hard by
	layer_6: my fathers is as o comparaclively humble risidence hard by
	layer_8: my father's is a so comparacively humble residence hard by
	layer_10: my father's ia s comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_12: my father's isa scomparatively humble residence hard by

file: 1255-90407-0009.flac
expected: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_2: but he cold aforght o much bik r one if he chos
	layer_4: but he could a forht o much bick a one if he chos
	layer_6: but he could affort a much biga wone if he chose
	layer_8: but he could afford a much bicker one if he chose
	layer_10: but he could afford a much bicker one if he chose
	layer_12: but he could afford a much bicker one if he chose

file: 1255-90407-0010.flac
expected: you have heard so
	layer_2: you atsi
	layer_4: you've artsi
	layer_6: you pat si
	layer_8: you partse
	layer_10: you partse
	layer_12: you patse

file: 1255-90407-0011.flac
expected: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_2: i do't know he dustn'ttell y much of his af airs
	layer_4: i do't know he desnt tel me much of his affairs
	layer_6: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_8: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_10: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_12: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs

file: 1255-90407-0012.flac
expected: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_2: my father she buirset out suddenle is always s colding me for y ketravigans
	layer_4: my father she bursed out suddenly is always colding me for my etravigance
	layer_6: my father she burst out suddenly is always coting me for my extravagance
	layer_8: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_10: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_12: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance

file: 1255-90407-0013.flac
expected: was that this evening
	layer_2: was that thescevedning
	layer_4: was that this evening
	layer_6: was that this evening
	layer_8: was that this evening
	layer_10: was that this evening
	layer_12: was that this evening

file: 1255-90407-0014.flac
expected: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_2: there on the nets they sat
	layer_4: there on the nets they sat
	layer_6: n thereon the nets they sat
	layer_8: nd there on the nets they sat
	layer_10: there on the nets they sat
	layer_12: there on the nets they sat

file: 1255-90407-0015.flac
expected: jocelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagues to this daughter of the capulets
	layer_2: justl in hortet strange  that he shoul be fromd by fat iento rposition to play ther sund of te mont aguse to this doughter of the capidits
	layer_4: justl in hort it strange at that he shuld be throwne by fate into a position to play the son of them montaguse to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_6: jostlein thought its strange that he shuld be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capidites
	layer_8: joselyne tought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_10: josselyn tought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_12: josselyn tought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capiditz

file: 1255-90407-0016.flac
expected: no i shall go on and get a lodging in budmouth town if ever i reach it
	layer_2: no i shall go on and get a loging an bu ath tirne if ever i reachit
	layer_4: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bup at town if ever i reach it
	layer_6: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bubath town if ever i reach it
	layer_8: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babothtown if ever i reach it
	layer_10: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babath town if ever i reach it
	layer_12: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babath town if ever i reach it

file: 1255-90407-0017.flac
expected: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_2: it is so latof the ther wilre wen o hus open ecep to little placedtae therstation we you wen't cartr stay
	layer_4: it is so late of tha thar will be no house open acept o little place neaother station wie you won't care to stay
	layer_6: it is so lateo that there will be no house open except a little place nearther station wil you won't care to stay
	layer_8: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_10: it is so late tha there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_12: it is so late tt there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay

file: 1255-90407-0018.flac
expected: the island was an island still
	layer_2: the island was an islantd still
	layer_4: the island was an island still
	layer_6: the island was an island still
	layer_8: the iseland was an iseland still
	layer_10: the island was an island still
	layer_12: the island was an island still

file: 1255-90407-0019.flac
expected: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_2: they had not realised the forse of the animencs toil now
	layer_4: they had not realized the force of the eniments till now
	layer_6: they had not realized the force of the enements till now
	layer_8: they had not realized the force of the eaments till now
	layer_10: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_12: they had not realized the force of the elements till now

file: 1255-90407-0020.flac
expected: he steadied her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_2: he sid ed her bodly by in sirctling her waist with his arm and she made norbjection
	layer_4: he sided her bodily by incirtling her wast with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_6: he stited her bodily by incircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_8: he stinted her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_10: he sitted her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_12: he sitted her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection

file: 1255-90407-0021.flac
expected: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_2: he pit it er and wile he wand edatet atmard her etermination
	layer_4: he pittit her and while he wontded at it admad her determination
	layer_6: he pit ed her and while he wandered at it admard her determination
	layer_8: he pitid her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_10: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_12: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination

file: 1255-90407-0022.flac
expected: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_2: their application for abmision led te to the withdrar of a boalt and they stood within the gastliht of the passage
	layer_4: their application for amission led to the with drawl of a boat and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_6: their application for amission led to the withdrawl of a boat and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_8: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a boalt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_10: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_12: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage

file: 1255-90407-0023.flac
expected: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_2: he could see now tha thorgs she was such a find figer quiters tal es himself she was but in the blom of young woman hord
	layer_4: ye could see now that thos she was such a fine figur quite as tall hes himself she was but in the blom of young womanhood
	layer_6: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_8: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_10: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_12: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood

file: 1255-90407-0024.flac
expected: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_2: i wile tl the sevads to do this en sen ou ups on they oeeet
	layer_4: i will til the servant to do this in sind ou ups on the do eat
	layer_6: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up s on tey dto eat
	layer_8: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up somthyg to eat
	layer_10: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_12: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat

file: 1255-90407-0025.flac
expected: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_2: he felt ravenesly hungrey himself and set about dryng his cload tha ses well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_4: he felt revenesly hungry himself and set about drying his clote thasas well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_6: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his cloth thas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_8: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothe as as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_10: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_12: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time

file: 1255-90407-0026.flac
expected: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contriving to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_2: by the ad ofr some temprye rapsan somestipors from the cobard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the made serlvnt camedanstairs with a damp armforl of woman's ramendt
	layer_4: by the aid of some tempory rapsan some slipers from the cobord he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the made servnt came down stairs with a damp armful of woman's rament
	layer_6: by the aid of some temporary wrapts an some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maide servant came donstairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_8: by the aid of some temporary wrapts and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_10: by the aid of some temporary wrapts and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_12: by the aid of some temporary wrapts and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maidservant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment

file: 1255-90407-0027.flac
expected: you are sleepy my girl said pierston
	layer_2: you wa stlep hin mygal said piison
	layer_4: you wae sleep him my ga said pierson
	layer_6: you wall sleep i my garl said pierson
	layer_8: you will sleep y my girl said pierson
	layer_10: yo will sleepy my girl said piearson
	layer_12: yo will sleepy my girl said piearson

file: 1255-90407-0028.flac
expected: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_2: he a gane becan conscirouss of the chane whic to ben in ashiated jooie the bark
	layer_4: he again becae conscious of the chained which tod been inditiated joing the bak
	layer_6: he againe became conscious of the chainge which had been innitiated joing the balk
	layer_8: he again became conscious of the change which had ben initiated duing the walk
	layer_10: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_12: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk

file: 1255-90407-0029.flac
expected: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attire
	layer_2: the werll belovid was movin hous had gon over to the ware of this atar
	layer_4: the worl belivid was moving house had gone over to the wara of this ata
	layer_6: the werl beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this atar
	layer_8: the worl beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_10: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_12: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar

file: 1255-90407-0030.flac
expected: and how about little avice caro
	layer_2: and how bout dittll ove his carrow
	layer_4: and ho bout ittle oave his carrow
	layer_6: and ha about little ave his carro
	layer_8: and howabout little havehis carrow
	layer_10: and howbout little avhis carow
	layer_12: and how abut little avehis carow

file: 1255-74899-0000.flac
expected: things arrange themselves
	layer_2: things arange themselves
	layer_4: things aerranged themselves
	layer_6: things arrange themselves
	layer_8: things arrange themselves
	layer_10: things arrange themselves
	layer_12: things arrange themselves

file: 1255-74899-0001.flac
expected: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_2: but the contis never gave way and inch
	layer_4: but the cantiss never gave way an inch
	layer_6: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_8: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_10: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_12: but the countess never gave way an inch

file: 1255-74899-0002.flac
expected: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_2: the following was the arnswr which she returned sod the not ricen to her by artjulia
	layer_4: the following was the answer which she returned said the noto written to her by arto julia
	layer_6: the following was the answer which she returned sood the noteo written to her by aurt julia
	layer_8: the following was the answer which she returned so the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_10: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_12: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia

file: 1255-74899-0003.flac
expected: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_2: i shouldnont knor ha d ed grink wie with hem and sheud do ar hundr re things weiec twoal make themthing me a beast
	layer_4: i shold not know haw o drink wine with them and she do a hundr of things which woud make them thing me a beast
	layer_6: i shald not know how o drink wine with them and she do a hundred o things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_8: i shoald not know how to drink wine with them and shed do a hundred o things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_10: i shall not know how to drink wine with them and she do a hundredo things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_12: i shall not know how to drink wine with them and she do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast

file: 1255-74899-0004.flac
expected: but the girl begged for some delay
	layer_2: but the gard beat for some o day
	layer_4: but the girl baked for some to day
	layer_6: but the girl baked for some to day
	layer_8: but the girl beked for some today
	layer_10: but the girl begged for sumr to day
	layer_12: but the girl begged for sumer to day

file: 1255-74899-0005.flac
expected: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_2: it was amatt of the requard to be consided
	layer_4: it was a mat of the trequid to be consided
	layer_6: it was a mat of thet required to be considered
	layer_8: it was a matt or that required to be considered
	layer_10: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_12: it was a matter that required to be considered

file: 1255-74899-0006.flac
expected: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_2: pride ind him might bas wek as pride in them
	layer_4: prid in him might be as weak as prihd in them
	layer_6: pride in him might be as weak as prigde in them
	layer_8: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_10: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_12: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them

file: 1255-74899-0007.flac
expected: if they would put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_2: if er wil put out their hands to him why should hu refused to put hiu dhis on
	layer_4: evbey will put ut ther hands to him why should he refused to put out dhis own
	layer_6: ifey werl put out their hands to him why should he refused to put out his own
	layer_8: if they werl put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_10: if they wile put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_12: if they wile put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own

file: 1255-74899-0008.flac
expected: our tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his client and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_2: artael a received in curtiously havding learned to like the man undestaning that hil had behaid with honesty and wisdom in regard to his cland and respecting im as oe of the workas of the day but he declared that for therlovele family as a family he did not carefor them particuly
	layer_4: aur taila received him curtiously hadving learned to like the man understaning that hel had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workes of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particully
	layer_6: artalor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that hehe had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particulrly
	layer_8: artailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clint and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_10: aur talor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his claent and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_12: our talor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly

file: 1255-74899-0009.flac
expected: they are poles asunder from me he said
	layer_2: they r pols a sand o from me he said
	layer_4: they arpoles a sander from me he said
	layer_6: they are pols a sander from me he said
	layer_8: they aepoles acander from me he said
	layer_10: they appols a sander from me he said
	layer_12: they appols a sander from me he said

file: 1255-74899-0010.flac
expected: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_2: but by your good fortun a maritif you wil alarmeto say say you have troveof from the one pol very fartowadshe other
	layer_4: but by your good fortun a merit if you will alarmy to say say you have trovel from the one pol very far towaldshe other
	layer_6: but by your good fortune ae merrit if you will allar me to say soy you have traveled from the one pole very far toward the other
	layer_8: but by your good fortune anf merit if you will allow me to say so you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_10: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_12: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other

file: 1255-74899-0011.flac
expected: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_2: a preasenet i thit thof the sens of the countries in favour of an arestoccrasy of burth
	layer_4: a present i think thof the sense of the countries in favour of an aristocracy of berth
	layer_6: a present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_8: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_10: at present i think that the scense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_12: at present i think that the scente of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth

file: 1255-74899-0012.flac
expected: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_2: wen you er for mostamonglem did you not wish to be their master
	layer_4: when you were for most among them did yo not wish to be their master
	layer_6: when you were formost among them did do not wish to be their master
	layer_8: when you were  foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_10: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_12: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master

file: 1255-74899-0013.flac
expected: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_2: hit is an to ictal lege sitive an a humen efrt shoud and must tend
	layer_4: it is one to witul ligocitive an alr human efforeds should and must tend
	layer_6: it is one to bit jeeerl legisative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_8: it is one to witch eel legicative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_10: it is one to which ewel legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_12: it is one to which ewel legislative and all human efforts should and must tend

file: 1255-74899-0014.flac
expected: when you make much water boil mister thwaite some of it will probably boil over
	layer_2: when you mae much wat o boilemisteo fat so thit wle probaly bilover
	layer_4: when you make much wahter boil mister that so thit will probably boilover
	layer_6: when you make much water boilo mister thrate so thit will probably boil over
	layer_8: when you make much water boil mister thrate soth t will probably boil over
	layer_10: when you make much water boil mister thrate some thatait will probably boil over
	layer_12: when you make much water boil mister thrate some thait will probably boil over

file: 1255-74899-0015.flac
expected: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_2: i quite et greevith you that the sil gans shul be kep for their ilders and sai the cofvisation was ended
	layer_4: i quite a gree with you that the siltk gans shuld be kept for their ilders and saiyd the confisation was ended
	layer_6: ai quite agree with you that the silk gans shuld be kept for their ilders and sai the conversation was ended
	layer_8: ai quite agree with you that the silk gawns should be kept for their elders and sa the conversation was ended
	layer_10: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and say the conversation was ended
	layer_12: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and say the conversation was ended

file: 1255-74899-0016.flac
expected: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_2: with her thete was a re lwish that the pos mghp bejoined together by haf ou ju husbaned
	layer_4: with her there was a real wish that the poles mih  bejoined together by haf future husband
	layer_6: with her there was a real wish that the poles might bejoined together by her future husband
	layer_8: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_10: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_12: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband

file: 1255-74899-0017.flac
expected: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_2: hive you ready bi hit you shol go he said
	layer_4: ive you ready wishe you sha go he said
	layer_6: if you readly wishit you shall go he said
	layer_8: if you ready wish it you shall go he said
	layer_10: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_12: if you really wish it you shall go he said

file: 1255-74899-0018.flac
expected: and a blue one to be married in alas me
	layer_2: and a ble one to bebaridin ha ase me
	layer_4: and a blue one to be barridin ha ask me
	layer_6: and a blue one to be barriedin u asked me
	layer_8: and a blue one to be buried in alh ask me
	layer_10: and a blue one to be muried in ha as me
	layer_12: and a blue one to be muried in ha ass me

file: 1255-74899-0019.flac
expected: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_2: musti have r pink sil goun to wak about in ari in themorning
	layer_4: muste have a pink silt gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_6: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_8: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_10: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_12: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning

file: 1255-74899-0020.flac
expected: i'd sooner see you darning my worsted stockings sweetheart
	layer_2: i soones euv daned my worst hin s tocking this weet heart
	layer_4: i soon as ev dawned my worst i stocking the sweet heart
	layer_6: i soon ass youved dawned my worstin stocking the sweetheart
	layer_8: id soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart
	layer_10: as soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart
	layer_12: as soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart

file: 1255-74899-0021.flac
expected: i can do that too
	layer_2: i coal' dot hat to
	layer_4: i can do t had to
	layer_6: i can do that to
	layer_8: i can do that too
	layer_10: i can do that too
	layer_12: i can do that too

file: 1255-74899-0022.flac
expected: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_2: and ow l sit t on an rithollet the mylod
	layer_4: and now ill sit don and rita let er o my lord
	layer_6: and now ill sit down and rit a letter to my lord
	layer_8: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_10: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_12: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord

file: 1255-90413-0000.flac
expected: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_2: she dras close and sat is fis
	layer_4: she drawsed close and sathis fis
	layer_6: she drawsed close and satisfies
	layer_8: she draws close and satisfis
	layer_10: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_12: she draws close and satisfies

file: 1255-90413-0001.flac
expected: he could not forget missus pine avon's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_2: he could not forget misus pinavan's eyes thert he remember a nothing of her otherfatciall detels
	layer_4: he could not forget missus pin avan's eyes the he rememberedanothing of her other facial detels
	layer_6: he could not forget missus pine aven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_8: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_10: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_12: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details

file: 1255-90413-0002.flac
expected: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_2: aftewhrds they kept u part awill in the droyine room for form sake but aov entulat gravitated t to gether a gaine and finishe the evening ineach other's comparny
	layer_4: afterwards they kept a partawil in the drawing room for form sake but ef entally gravitateds together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_6: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for formsake but efventually gravitateds together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_8: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_10: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_12: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company

file: 1255-90413-0003.flac
expected: but this was not all
	layer_2: but this was not al
	layer_4: but this was not all
	layer_6: but this was not all
	layer_8: but this was not all
	layer_10: but this was not all
	layer_12: but this was not all

file: 1255-90413-0004.flac
expected: but was he able
	layer_2: but whose able
	layer_4: but was he able
	layer_6: but was he able
	layer_8: but was he able
	layer_10: but was he able
	layer_12: bat was he able

file: 1255-90413-0005.flac
expected: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_2: it was unfiretogove further without telning her even thoug hi the two such expicitnis had not been abcilittlydemanded
	layer_4: it was unfare to gov further without telling her even though ithertwo such expicinesce had not been absilutely demanded
	layer_6: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though itherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_8: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_10: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_12: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded

file: 1255-90413-0006.flac
expected: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_2: he dtermenete toccolimeaily on the new in cnation
	layer_4: he determintes to callimedetely on the new incalnation
	layer_6: he determined to call imediately on the new in carnation
	layer_8: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_10: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_12: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation

file: 1255-90413-0007.flac
expected: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_2: she iv not far from the long fashonable hamptinchusquare and he went the thore witeh expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_4: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptin shurs quare and he went thetheuh with expectations of having a highly imotional time at least
	layer_6: she lived not far from the long fashonable hemptonchir square and he went thithereh with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_8: she lived not far from the long fashonable hamptonshir square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_10: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_12: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least

file: 1255-90413-0008.flac
expected: but somehow the very bell pull seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_2: but some how the veat y belple seem col al theagt she had ser arns they askthim to cume
	layer_4: but somehow tha very bellpoul seemed col although she had sir earnersely asked him to come
	layer_6: but somehow the very bellpools seemed col although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_8: but somehow the very bellpools seemed col although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_10: but somehow the very bellpool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_12: but somehow the very bellpool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come

file: 1255-90413-0009.flac
expected: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in the chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_2: reasing her eyes n a slightely inqaring tan ef from te bookseewas reading she dlent backin herd chaire as if siking herself hin luck eordous sensations which had nothing to do with him and repliededto his greating with a few combum place words
	layer_4: raising her eyes and a slightly inquaring manner from the book she was reading she lent to back in her chair as if soking herself in lucxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commomn place words
	layer_6: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few common place words
	layer_8: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxuorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_10: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_12: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words

file: 1255-90413-0010.flac
expected: just as they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_2: justhes they turn ta deary into porton the space of a single night sai this old air as ben takeen anddoctoerden tristed about om brought outers ar knew popila dity ind eed
	layer_4: just thes they turn mu dearar inte port in the space of a single night sad this old r has been taken and doctod and tristed about am brought out ers ar new popula dity indeed
	layer_6: justas they turnd madeerer interport in the space of a single night sai this old air has been taken and doctored and tristed about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_8: just as they turn madera inter port in the space of a single night sa this old air has been taken and doctored and tristed about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_10: just as they turn medeira into port in the space of a single night say this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_12: just as they turn medeira into port in the space of a single night say this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed

file: 1255-90413-0011.flac
expected: she thawed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_2: she thoughd ulittle and then they wen d on totaok about her hous which ad be neudepanted and deckarated with greeanish blwe satign up to the height of a persen's ed an arangemen that somewhot improved er slihtely faded thos til pretty face and as helpt by the ornings ever the windowrs
	layer_4: she thought a little and then they went ant to talk about her house which have bee newdi painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's ed and arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded thos till pretty face and as helped by the ownings ever the windows
	layer_6: she thought a little and then they went ont to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's hed an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and mas helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_8: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of ha person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_10: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_12: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows

file: 1255-90413-0012.flac
expected: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_2: her si have had my ha some yas shebserved complacently in i li e ud betttr every ar
	layer_4: ye i have had my hos some yeas she bserved complacently an d i like id better every year
	layer_6: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like yit better every year
	layer_8: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_10: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_12: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year

file: 1255-90413-0013.flac
expected: don't you feel lonely in it sometimes o never
	layer_2: den't yo fielld la ne in it sometimes o never
	layer_4: den't you feeld leenin it sometimes oh never
	layer_6: don't you feeld linni an it sometimes oh never
	layer_8: don't you feel leney on it sometimes oh never
	layer_10: don't you feel lineyin it sometimes oh never
	layer_12: don't you feel linleyin it sometimes oh never

file: 1255-90413-0014.flac
expected: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_2: what an a'm sivilthing to say shemurlbedins arpprice
	layer_4: what an amcivilthing to say she murmed in surprice
	layer_6: what an im civil thing to say she murbured in surprise
	layer_8: what an i'm civil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_10: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_12: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise

file: 1255-90413-0015.flac
expected: it is rather uncivil
	layer_2: it is rotheransivil
	layer_4: it is rater an civil
	layer_6: it is rather ancivil
	layer_8: it is rather uncivil
	layer_10: it is rather uncivil
	layer_12: it is rather uncivil

file: 1255-90413-0016.flac
expected: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_2: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but lheft ento fined his way out as he could
	layer_4: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left into find his weay out as he could
	layer_6: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left hito find his way out as he could
	layer_8: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_10: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_12: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could

file: 1255-90413-0017.flac
expected: i saw him at lady channelcliffe's the other night
	layer_2: i soyhm at laty chentoclive se o the night
	layer_4: i sw im at lady chanaclifse othe night
	layer_6: i saw him at lady chano clifse other night
	layer_8: i saw him at lady channolclifsey othe night
	layer_10: i saw him at lady channolcliffes the other night
	layer_12: i saw him at lady channolcliffes the other night

file: 1255-90413-0018.flac
expected: jocelyn pierston
	layer_2: josal iperst hin
	layer_4: jusilim persed him
	layer_6: joselim pierced him
	layer_8: josseline pierced him
	layer_10: josselin pierced him
	layer_12: josselin pierced him

file: 1255-90413-0019.flac
expected: o didn't he marry her
	layer_2: o didn'te maryher
	layer_4: o didn't hy mary her
	layer_6: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_8: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_10: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_12: oh didn't he marry her

file: 1255-90413-0020.flac
expected: said missus pine avon with a start
	layer_2: sit misuspinevfrn with he start
	layer_4: sid missus pin avrn with a start
	layer_6: said missus pin apen with a start
	layer_8: said missus pine apen with a start
	layer_10: said missus pineapen with a start
	layer_12: said missus pineapen with a start

file: 1255-90413-0021.flac
expected: but jocelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_2: bet joslemm as receding from the prity wid has hos with long strites
	layer_4: but jostlimb was receeding from the pritty wit as huse with long stridts
	layer_6: but jostlim was receding from the pretty wildows house with long strides
	layer_8: but joselym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_10: but joseleym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_12: but joceleym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides

file: 1255-90413-0022.flac
expected: lady iris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shown in there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine avon
	layer_2: lhedy aris ad left the drane roem from omenta to see that al was right in the dining rom i hen he was shurniin therst eod alon in the lablight nekcllupineveem
	layer_4: lady aris shad left t the dring room froa oment  to see that alwas right in the dining room and when he was surnion therstood alon in the lamblight nickhole upin evrem
	layer_6: ladly aris had left t the drawing room froa moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shornion there stood alone in the lamplight nickolapine aven
	layer_8: lady aris had leftt the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was schon in there stood alone in the lamblight nicolopine aven
	layer_10: lady arris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shone in there stood alone in the lamplight nichollapine aven
	layer_12: lady arric had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shone in there stood alone in the lamplight niccollapyne aven

file: 1255-90413-0023.flac
expected: she had been the first arrival
	layer_2: she had been the fist a rival
	layer_4: she had been the first arrival
	layer_6: she had been the first arrival
	layer_8: she had been the first arrival
	layer_10: she had been the first arrival
	layer_12: she had been the first arrival

file: 1255-90413-0024.flac
expected: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_2: as he oter gueststropt in the paire retreated into ashady corner and she talked besid him til al moved of for the eating and drinking
	layer_4: as he other guest stropped in the par retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_6: as he other guests sdropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_8: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_10: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_12: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking

file: 1255-90413-0025.flac
expected: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_2: he had not been appointed to takeher across t o the dining rom but o the table fand her exactly opecs it
	layer_4: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but of the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_6: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but of the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_8: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but of the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_10: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_12: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite

file: 1255-90413-0026.flac
expected: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_2: the spring in the present case was the ourtistick commondation she deserved and craved
	layer_4: the spring in the present case was the artistic commondation she deserved and craved
	layer_6: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_8: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved an craved
	layer_10: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved ane craved
	layer_12: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved ane craved

file: 1255-90413-0027.flac
expected: the lady on jocelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_2: the edy un' jostnans left wife of a lord e just es of of appeal was in like mannar toking to herc om panon on the outoside so that for the time he was lef to to himself
	layer_4: the lady on jostinence left wife of a low do justice  of appeal was in like manner talking to hercam panion on the outeside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_6: the lady on jostenance left wife of a lor da justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outerside so that for the time he was lefte to himself
	layer_8: the lady on joscenen's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_10: the lady on joselen's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_12: the lady on josselen's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself

file: 1255-90413-0028.flac
expected: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommend as candidate for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_2: it came from the wifef of one of his fathrs form a workmen an muas condsrnning hers suon whom she bege t juoslintoerecomman as candedit for some post in tine that she wished himto fill
	layer_4: it came from the wife of one of his father's formr workman and was concerning her son whom she beged jostlento recommand a's counded its for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_6: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and was concerning her son whom she begged jostlin to recommanders caundidits for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_8: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and was concerning her son whom she begged joselynd to recommend as candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_10: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged josselyn to recommend as candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_12: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged josselyn to recommend as candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill

file: 1585-131718-0000.flac
expected: what is necessary to the completeness of the story at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of threads woven in and follow them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of events can be seen
	layer_2: what is nese siry to the comqleneuss of the s do at this sdage is not to ry capedto laiht but a take e up soe of thei lose ands of thethrans whol weenine and followed than throuw un tio the cler and comperehensthe picture of the varns can by seng
	layer_4: what is necessery to the compleness of the s t at this stage is not to re capi to late but to take up some of thei loose ands of the thrance we venine and followed than through unto the clear and comprehendsipicture of the vens camby sing
	layer_6: what is necessary to the compleness of the sta at this stage is not to re capit tolate but to take up some of the loose ands of the thranc wo ening and followed them throegh unto the clear and comprehensthe picture of the vens can be sing
	layer_8: what is necessary to the compleness of the st at this stage is not to reacapitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of the threds wovening and followed them through unti the clear and comprehensthie picture of thevents can be seen
	layer_10: what is necessary to the completeness of the styry at this stage is not to recapitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of the threats wovening and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen
	layer_12: what is necessary to the completeness of the styry at this stage is not to recapitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of the threats wovening and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen

file: 1585-131718-0001.flac
expected: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_2: the way of they venter his heard
	layer_4: the wai ofly ventor his heard
	layer_6: the way of tlenvent tor his hard
	layer_8: the way of tlen ventor is hard
	layer_10: the way of thenventor is hard
	layer_12: the way of thenventor is hard

file: 1585-131718-0002.flac
expected: he can sometimes raise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a distressful cost of personal surrender
	layer_2: e can sometimes res cabito o help hin the working out his crod consaptions but ei we then it is frekqne downe at at istress fe cosed a persmos arander
	layer_4: hecan sometimes ere s capitu to help him the working out his cred conceptions but einthen it is freqon wy done at it istressficosed a personasarander
	layer_6: he can sometimes ere is cabitivd to help him ten working out his cruide conceptions but i then it is frequently done at a is tresfil caucged a personol currander
	layer_8: he can sometimes wer his capitie to help him in working out his crude conceptions but en then it is frequently done at a distresfulco a personal surrender
	layer_10: he can sometimes werhis capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at i istresfelcoct a personal surrender
	layer_12: he can sometimes ris capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a distresfelcochte a personal surrender

file: 1585-131718-0003.flac
expected: when the result is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of material or of effort and then labor often awaits with crushing and tyrannical spirit to smash the apparatus or forbid its very use
	layer_2: whenther resout is a chieved the vensioimakes its the pairl on the scor of e conmy o mantare ou off effered and then laber op en awaides with crusiing in to rany cwos spirit dismeshe the appaoagvus of for bit is very use
	layer_4: when te resoud is a chieved the eventhemikes its the pal on the score of le conomy o matiri ou off effored and then labore ophen hawaids with crushing into ranicao spirit desmashe the apparaguce of ferbit is very use
	layer_6: when the resout is achieved the evensihamiks its appal on the score of economy of materia ar of effort and then labor open the waids with crushing antoranico spirit dismashe the aparagise of forbit its vary use
	layer_8: when the resoult is achieved the evensio makes its appal on the score of economy of materia ar off effort and then labor ol en the waits with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismashed the aparagus or forbid its very use
	layer_10: when the result is achieved the evention makes its appear on the score of economy of materia a of effort and then labor often the wats with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatshe the apparagus or forbid its very use
	layer_12: when the result is achieved the enventaion makes its appear on the score of economy of materia ar of effort and then labor often the wats with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatshe the apparagus or forbid its very use

file: 1585-131718-0004.flac
expected: possibly our national optimism as revealed in invention the seeking a higher good needs some check
	layer_2: posbly orenationo obtism as woreveuting the vention the seking the higagood nit somechack
	layer_4: possibily our anation ot oplism as weld bating the rension the seeking bhe high agood net some chack
	layer_6: possibily our a nation ar opism as were buting the rensiom the seeking the higha good nnet some chack
	layer_8: possibly oura nationaaptism as rerbuting the rensionm the seeking the higher good an et some chack
	layer_10: possibly our nationa aptism as rebuting the rension the seeking the higher good annet some chack
	layer_12: possibly our nationaoptism as rebuting the rension the seeking the higher good annet some chack

file: 1585-131718-0005.flac
expected: possibly the leaders would travel too fast and too far on the road to perfection if conservatism did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession move forward as a whole
	layer_2: haosively the liturs woildtrabare too fast and two far on they roto frfaction af conso eiisen di not alsof plate seludry part in insisting thet the procession of forward asc a ho
	layer_4: posivily the littus would travr too fast and two far on the rote of profaction if conseiviticeme did not alsof plate solutary part in insisting that the procession o forward as arho
	layer_6: possiblly the lides would travel two fast an too far on the wrotetof erfaction if consolvitisom did not also playe salutary part an insisting that the procession move forward asaho
	layer_8: possibly the lidders would travel too fast and too far on thei road of efection if consalvitisem did not also playd salutary part in insisting that the procession move forward asaho
	layer_10: possibly the litters would travel too fast and too far on their road of refaction if consalvetisem did not also play tis salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward as a ho
	layer_12: possibly the litters would travel too fast and too far on their road of refaction if consalvetism did not also play this salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward asa ho

file: 1585-131718-0006.flac
expected: on the contrary the conditions for its acceptance had been ripening fast
	layer_2: on a contary the conditions for ith efeptiins ha be rirte o he faset
	layer_4: on he contary the condetions for i efceptions hav being rightn  fast
	layer_6: on e contary the condetions for it acceptions have bng righten d fast
	layer_8: on te contrary the conditions for its acceptions have been rightind fast
	layer_10: on the contrary the condetions for its acceptions have been rightn and fast
	layer_12: on the contrary the condetions for its acceptions have been rightin and fast

file: 1585-131718-0007.flac
expected: yet the very vogue of the electric arc light made harder the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_2: yas the veryboger of they latarik ardlight made harrret the urrivble of thr incondessond
	layer_4: ye the very bogo of they latria ardlight made horrdor the rivale of the incondessoned
	layer_6: yet the very boga of theelactric ardlight made harrder  the arrival of the incondessened
	layer_8: yet the very voga of the electric ardlight made harrer f the arrival of the incandesstent
	layer_10: yet the very vogar of the electric ard light made harror f the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_12: yet the very vogar of the electric ard light made harror the arrival of the incandescent

file: 1585-131718-0008.flac
expected: a number of parent arc lighting companies were in existence and a great many local companies had been called into being under franchises for commercial business and to execute regular city contracts for street lighting
	layer_2: a number of parrant arklinen compens or a ing inxcistance and a greatamany loke acominis habing cird intothing oundefrienshis for comer shl business an to execute ragulaciti contracs for  stret lini
	layer_4: a number o parent arqlining compance wor  ing einxsistence and a great eimany loce acomnis habeeng ciled intotphing underfriendschizse for commer chu business and to execute ragulaciti contracts fr t streget lining
	layer_6: a number of parent arclining compance wor  i enxsistence and a great many local cominice have bein cilled into bein under frienchise for comer cha business and to exacute ragulacitic contracts frorm street lighning
	layer_8: a number of parent arclining companns or in existence and a great many local comminis hav been called into bing under frentchise for commercial business and to execute regularcitic contracts frore street lihning
	layer_10: a number of parent arc lining compenens or in existence and a great many local comonies have been called into bing under frenchise for commercial business and to execute regularcitic contracts for street lining
	layer_12: a number of parent arc lining compenens or in existence and a great many local comonies hav been called into being under frenchise for commercial business and to execute regularcitic contracts for street lining

file: 1585-131718-0009.flac
expected: thus in a curious manner the modern art of electric lighting was in a very true sense divided against itself with intense rivalries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurred in a field where ultimate union of forces was inevitable
	layer_2: thuas and the curres maner they mo knort of orlac try linig wars in aof verage o sanse evieat agans isself with intoes reverlies and jalices which were no the las reall thecase they were bout tempery and deccurdingth fout where outma eauning of the forcse wors in apftabal
	layer_4: thus and the curos menerd they ma nard of telactorelining worsing a verie hoo sance eviet against hi self with intines reveries and jalouses which were non the lass real thecaused they were ba temperary and occurding fout where outmant uning f the force ors inaptable
	layer_6: thus and the cures mannered the mae nard of helactary lyning worsing a varie hwo sanse devied against hitself with intims reveries and jealouses which were none the lass real bhecouse they were batempoary and occurdingt toud where autmate euning of the force words inaptible
	layer_8: thus an tecurou's manner the monard of t luctory lining werseing a veriy true sense divied against hitself with intis reveries and jealouses which were none the less real because they were bad temporary and occurring thaught where autimate ening of the force ws inaptable
	layer_10: thus an toccurious manner the madornard of laxtury lining was in a very true sense divided against itself with intines reveries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were bad temporary and occurring thod where a ultimate euvening of the force was inevitable
	layer_12: thus an toccurious manner the madernard of laxtury lining ware in a very true sense divided against itself with intines reveries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were bad temporary and occurring thad where an altimate ewvening of the force was inevitable

file: 1585-131718-0010.flac
expected: hence twenty years after the first edison stations were established the methods they involved could be fairly credited with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_2: hansed tweni years after the firost atirsin istation were staplished the mat theirds they in voved could be faily crotet with no lestan six y seven presend
	layer_4: handcs tweny years after the frst aviconestation were staplished the mat theirds they invovhed could be faily cradit with no lestand six ty seven present
	layer_6: hance twenty years after the first avis  mistation were estaplished the matherds tey invoved could be faily credid with no less than sixty seven per senet
	layer_8: hence twenty years after the first addisone station were established the methords they involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven percen
	layer_10: hence twenty years after the first adison station were established the methods they involved could be fairly credid with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_12: hence twenty years after the first avison station were established the methods they involved could be fairly credid with no less than sixty seven per cent

file: 1585-131718-0011.flac
expected: it will be readily understood that under these conditions the modern lighting company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dynamo electric machinery as a source of current and that the old feud as between the rival systems has died out
	layer_2: it wir be radly an ist thad awnder these conditions the mard lining comp me supplised tho wids customest boughth inchandosend and arglining fraqenly from the same di naml ilec trak mashenary ase as soors of carend and thou the o food aspbetun the ri was istans hast ied aud
	layer_4: it will be readly unesto that onder these conditions the mad lining comp ie supplised who wids customrs both incondosened and ark lining frequently from the same diname electrik machinary ased a surcs of currened and thout the ow food as itun the rive was sistance hase ied aut
	layer_6: it will be redly understod that onder these conditions the mod lighting cumpay supplies tho its customers both incondecened and arc lightning frequently from the same diname electrice machinery askd he soures of current and thou the owr food ased betenethe rivelals sistance hast died at
	layer_8: it will be readly understood that under these conditions the mod lighting compay supplies to is customers both inconductent and arc lighting frequently from the same dynama electric machinery as the surs of current and that the ower food asd betwen the ribl sistance has died at
	layer_10: it will be readily understood that uunder these conditions the mod lighting cumpany supplies to its customers both incendeccent and arc lighting frequently from the same dinamel electric machinery as the sourecs of current and that the ower food as between the ribal ssistancs has dyed at
	layer_12: it will be readily understood that ununder these conditions the mod lighting cumpany supplies to its customers both incendeccent and arc lighting frequently from the same dinamel electric machinery as the soures of current and that the ower food as between the ribal ssystance has dyed at

file: 1585-131718-0012.flac
expected: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have been chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great edison lighting companies in the leading cities
	layer_2: in fact for som years paased ther rhusidence of the natsi nowyelatric ihd association hap peeng choson omost ex clousiveuly forom themong the managres of the gread aasan lint ingcompters in lae latin sidis
	layer_4: in tact for some years paset ther rusidents af the natio noelactric light a sociation hapeeng choson ohmost exclusively fr oa themong the managers of the great atisan lihtng comptess in the lating citus
	layer_6: in fact for some years pased their hesidents af the nationaelactrict liht association happeng chosen amost exclusively fora among the managers of the great alisont lihting compnasce in the lading scitis
	layer_8: in fact for some years past ther residentcs afte national elactric lihe association hav beeng chosen almost exclusively for an among the managers of the great adliscan lining companes in the leading citis
	layer_10: in fact for some years past the residents ofther national electric lie association have been chosen almost exclusively fom among the managers of the great adicant lining companiss in the leading citis
	layer_12: in fact for some years past the residents ofther national electric lihe association have been chosen almost exclusively froam among the managers of the great alissant lining companis in the leading citus

file: 1585-131718-0013.flac
expected: the other strong opposition to the incandescent light came from the gas industry
	layer_2: the outherstrown orbresition to the incondessin lighd came from the gans in disgrew
	layer_4: the other stran obprosition to the incondesenlight came from the ganst indus grew
	layer_6: the other strong ourbersition to the incondessinlight came from the gans indusgrew
	layer_8: the other strong opposition to the incadescent light came from the gance inducs grew
	layer_10: the other strong opposition to the incandescent lihte came from the gace indus grew
	layer_12: the other strong opposition to the incandescent liht came from the gace indus grew

file: 1585-131718-0014.flac
expected: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_2: there aso the most peti feling was shom
	layer_4: therealso the most peter feeling was shon
	layer_6: theyre also the most peter feeling was shone
	layer_8: there also the most peter feeling was shown
	layer_10: there also the most peter feeling was shown
	layer_12: there also the most peter feeling was shown

file: 1585-131718-0015.flac
expected: the gas manager did not like the arc light but it interfered only with his street service which was not his largest source of income by any means
	layer_2: the gasmanager d in no like arcliet but a intoferd only with his treet servise werd sos not his lar de sorcs of in come by anymins
	layer_4: the gas menagad inot like arclied but a intefered only with his treet service wher sworse not hislard e source ip income by anymigs
	layer_6: the gas manager did not like arklid but  interferred only with his treet service were swors not his lardassourcove income by enemians
	layer_8: the gasmanager did not like arclide but  interferred only with his treat service wherwes not his lar dasource of incom by enemins
	layer_10: the gas manager did not like arclyde but he interferred only with his treat service wherech wers not his lare source of income by enemies
	layer_12: the gas manager did not like arclyde but he interferred only with his treat service wherch weres not his large source of income by enemies

file: 1585-131718-0016.flac
expected: here again was given a most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for its enemies
	layer_2: here agan wrats cvin the most comvingsing dem mhastration of the tru that sauchan edition to the res sourses of min kind oa was caris with at an su spacled banfots aven for his animiss
	layer_4: here again rsgiven the most convingsing do mistration of the tru that such an iddition to the resources of man kind al ways carris with it anmsuspacned banifots aven for his animus
	layer_6: here again rsgive in the most convingsing demoistration of the true that such an addition to the resurces of mannkind al was carris with it umsuspactny banefits even for his animis
	layer_8: here again riscceving the most convingcing demostration of the truet that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his enimist
	layer_10: here again rescceiving the most convencing demostration of the trueth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carriessd with it unsuspected benefits even for his enemies
	layer_12: here again resceiving the most convencing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carriess with it unsuspected benefits even for his enemiests

file: 1585-131718-0017.flac
expected: this was not long nor universally the spirit shown and to day in hundreds of cities the electric and gas properties are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_2: theise was not laon nort you norcsly thispiti shon an to day hin handers of sidirs they lack arak an gas provese are you night t under that one mamighment which dest not find it ing possible topish ing the friendly am prgresaway the yous oe both eluminents
	layer_4: theis was nout lan no it ounorslly the spirta shon aned to day in hundrs of siticet they lactrakan gasprovice are unight it under that one mamagement which does not find it impossible to pushing the friendly an progressiway that use of both eluminncs
	layer_6: this was not lon no unorsally the spoite shon and to day in hundres of sites the lactrikean gas provese are unit et under that one mamagement which does not find it impossible to push in the friendly and progressid way the use of both illuminance
	layer_8: this was not long no uniisally the spirt is shown and to day in hundrs of citozs the electric an gas proves are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to push in he friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminancs
	layer_10: this was not long no univirsally the spiritis shown and to day in hundreds of citos the electric and gas progence are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_12: this was not long nor universally the spirits shown and to day in hundreds of citos the electric and gas provrence are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminantes

file: 1585-131718-0018.flac
expected: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_2: hie most conspegeu was yusam pao these idendy o eantrest is giveenying ynouw your eself
	layer_4: the most conspeaki was cusam of thise identy of interest is giveenin nw your hiself
	layer_6: the most conspeket ous esamp of this identty of interest is giveni new york iself
	layer_8: the most conspicouous eamp of this identity of interest is givening new york yiself
	layer_10: the most conspicuous example of this identiy of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_12: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself

file: 1585-131718-0019.flac
expected: so much for the early opposition of which there was plenty
	layer_2: so mech for the ealy obosition of whicheh theyrewereppleandy
	layer_4: so much for the early obosition of which there were psplendy
	layer_6: so much for the early obosition of which they re werepsplendy
	layer_8: so much for the early opposition of which ther were splenty
	layer_10: so much for the early opposition of which there work splenty
	layer_12: so much for the early opposition of which there wor splenty

file: 1585-131718-0020.flac
expected: but it may be questioned whether inertia is not equally to be dreaded with active ill will
	layer_2: b e may be questiontd whe ther inarturs not equalledto be dradet with actof ew wol
	layer_4: bu a may be questioned whether in ersrs not equally to be draded with active ewill
	layer_6: but it may be questioned whether inirsi is not equally to be draded with actife i will
	layer_8: but it may be questione'd whether inirtir is not equally to be draded with act of vuwwill
	layer_10: but it may be questioned whether inertioris not equally to be dreaded with act of el will
	layer_12: but it may be questioned whether in ertio is not equally to be dreaded with act of ew will

file: 1585-131718-0021.flac
expected: of course a great many accounts were written and read but while genuine interest was aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_2: of cours a greamany couns were weat in and rad but wy wol jhany interistpas aroust it was netas seruly apathatic
	layer_4: of course a graymany couns were readon and rad but why wou ane interistpose arroused it was nezesserily epathatic
	layer_6: of course a grey many counts were readen and rad but why woul jani in teristpes aroused it was necerssarily epathatic
	layer_8: of course a grey many counts were readen and read but why wu annio interestpas aroused it was necessarily epathetic
	layer_10: of course a great manyaccounts were eaten and read but why ulcannio interises aroused it was necessarily epathetic
	layer_12: of course a great many accounts were eaten and read but why uciannio interispes aroused it was necessarily apathetic

file: 1585-131718-0022.flac
expected: we got it at a great bargain and only paid a small sum down and the balance on mortgage
	layer_2: wa god id athe grea baran and onle patecsmore some dam an the balas ton wat ogage
	layer_4: wha god at a the gre barkan an only pate st more some dam ind the balaced on wategage
	layer_6: whe god it at the gre barkin and only patus more some dam in the balaston wategage
	layer_8: whee got it at the gre barkin and only paid us more some dam in the ballaston wategage
	layer_10: we got it at the greek bargain and only paid us more some dam in the ballaston wadrgage
	layer_12: we got it at the greek bargain and only paid us more some dam in the ballaston wadergage

file: 1585-131718-0023.flac
expected: we sold them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_2: wee selw them for fory sencs byt they a were olly bot towny oith thor es ousans of them
	layer_4: wee sel themn for fore e tence but they r were only aboud tweny a thir is thousands of them
	layer_6: we sew them for fouretents but theye were only abot t enty or thirty thousands of them
	layer_8: we selled them for four ty tents but the were only abot twenty or thirty thousands of them
	layer_10: would selled them for fourty tents but they were only bout twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_12: would selled them for fourty tents but they were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them

file: 1585-131718-0024.flac
expected: the fourth year i got it down to thirty seven cents and i made all the money up in one year that i had lost previously
	layer_2: the fort yeear i gaodedon twih thoghty seven sans and a made ar the money apt in one year that i hawlast prevusly
	layer_4: the fourth ear i go adon to thouty seven sance and ammade are the mony apt in one year that i hel lag prevously
	layer_6: the fourth year i guode don to thoty seven sandce and ammade are the money apt in one year that i hal lased privously
	layer_8: the fourth year i got it unto thirty seven sents and ammade all the money apt in one year that i hald ased previously
	layer_10: the fourth year i gate it unto thirty seven cents and ammade all the money apt in one year that i ha asked previously
	layer_12: the fourth year i guate it unto thirty seven cents and ammade all the money apt in one year that i hal asked previously

file: 1585-131718-0025.flac
expected: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_2: onenof the engcideancse which  cout a very gread cheepening wors that when we stard it wone of the imporn prosesses hadt be don by axperts
	layer_4: one of the incidents which cauta very great cheapening wers that when we stdarted wene of the importin prucesses had be dome by axperts
	layer_6: one of the incidents which caust a very great cheapening wors that when we started went of the important processes hadt be done by axperts
	layer_8: one of the incidents which caused a very great sheepening werds that when we started whene of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_10: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_12: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts

file: 1585-131718-0026.flac
expected: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it
	layer_2: at a feling aroum for some dayzs i got a clo a howl oe do it
	layer_4: afte feeling aramd for some days i got a clue w how tof do it
	layer_6: after feeling araumd for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_8: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_10: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_12: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it

file: 1585-131718-0027.flac
expected: i then made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_2: a then mad an o the maching wich do the wordnisly
	layer_4: a then made andothe machinguacgh do the wordnisely
	layer_6: i them made another machang uage did the worknisely
	layer_8: i then made another machingeuige did the work nicely
	layer_10: i then made another machingewich did the work nicely
	layer_12: i then made another machingwich did the work nicely

file: 1585-131718-0028.flac
expected: incidentally it may be noted as illustrative of the problems brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison an importer in the chinese trade went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hand power
	layer_2: ansardenly ie may be bolit asi los traytof of the pron prougt oatlicn that wile he had the fac treyt at horrison and empourring the cienies reder when to ham mench wand it a doinamo to be run by han power
	layer_4: incerdently i may be bol it asiloetratof of the prowin prought toaisene that while he had the factory at harrsen and eimpouring te chines treader wen to hamench want et a dinamalre to be rund by hin power
	layer_6: incidently it may be valed asluse tratite of the prowan brougt to alisene that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing he chines treader went to hement wanted a dinamal to be run by hin power
	layer_8: incidentlly it may be vellied asilu stratot of the crow an brought to adlisen that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinest reater whent to hi went wanted a dynamo to be run by hinpower
	layer_10: incidentlly it may be bellied asilustradof of the crowan brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reader when to him anch wanted a dynamo to be run by hinpowder
	layer_12: incidentally it may be bellied asilustratof of the crowan brought to edisone that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reader when to him anch wanted a dynamo to be run by hinpower

file: 1585-131718-0029.flac
expected: for making the dynamos edison secured as noted in the preceding chapter the roach iron works on goerck street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_2: for mak in tha dinimost adticens accurard ask noty in the procein chabiter that roch iean wor son go wor  sreet new yorg and this weas asoe quipt
	layer_4: for mak in e inamost adesene accured ask noter in the prcetine chavitr that roach ie in worson go work street new york and this wares asoy quiped
	layer_6: for makin the dynamost addecons ecured as noteg in the peocitding chabiter the roach eierin wors on go work street new york and this words also he quiped
	layer_8: for makingthe dynamos addison secured as noted in the proceding chaveter the roach iron wors on gowork street new york and this wars also equipped
	layer_10: for making the dynamos addison secured as noted in the proceding chaveter that roach iron wores on gowork street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_12: for making the dynamost addison secured as noted in the proceeding chaveter that roach iron weres on gowork street new york and this was also equipped

file: 1585-131718-0030.flac
expected: to sigmund bergmann who had worked previously with edison on telephone apparatus and phonographs and was already making edison specialties in a small way in a loft on wooster street new york was assigned the task of constructing sockets fixtures meters safety fuses and numerous other details
	layer_2: to sick mond buirtman who had wr prevesly with avicen aunsall o from the pawradison foln a gras an was alrede making aticen spasiallatis nasmorel wafin e laft on los drarstreet e orkd was asoinled has of onstruced im soces fixtues miters sifty fuses nummerous other lethous
	layer_4: to sick mond birkman who had wer previsly with adison untele fron the paratisem fone agraps and was alreadte making adicem spacialatis ne smoreway ing e lofht ong lo esdrer street newyorkd was asiin tet hoas of construct him sokets fixtures miters sifty fusesa numerous other thet house
	layer_6: to sick mond berg man who had were prevously with atison untel epfrom the paratism phonograps and was already making adison speciallytis  a smolre way in a loft un loster street newyork was a siigne the hase of constructin sokkits fixtures mitters sifty fuses numberous other thedhouse
	layer_8: to sick mond bergman who had were previously with edison untelephon the paradesom phonographs and was already making edison specially this in a smalre way in e loft un looster street new york was assign hed has of constructing sockkets fixtures miers sifty fuses numberous other detouse
	layer_10: to sig mond bergman who had wor previously with edison untelephon parodesm phonographs and was already making edison specialy thas in a smaller way in the loft on ooster street new york was assignedthed as of constructing sockkets fixtures miaters sifty fuses i numberous other deetailse
	layer_12: to sig mond bergman who had work previously with edison untelephon parodesn phonographs and was already making edison special y thas in a smaller way in the loft on lostrer street new york was assigne thed hase of constructing sockkets fixtures miaters sifty fuses in numberous other deetailse

file: 1585-131718-0031.flac
expected: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electric light company leased the old bishop mansion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fourteenth street for its headquarters and show rooms
	layer_2: aind the early part of eitingady one tht atisant ilutryea lihde compne leas tey od be sha masion at sixty fivfe fif eveni close to fording street for his had quaters and show ranse
	layer_4: in the early part of eighting ahty one the adisen lactorylighte comply leastteod be cha mation at sixty five fift eveny close to fording street for his had quaters and show rimce
	layer_6: in the early part of eighting eighty one the adizin electry lit comply least teold be chi masion at sixty five fift evenu close to fording street for his head quarters and show rims
	layer_8: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edicon ellectory liht company least the old b chymashin at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rims
	layer_10: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electory light company leasteyold be shi mashen at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rims
	layer_12: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electory light company leastle old be shi mashen at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rims

file: 1585-131718-0032.flac
expected: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premonitory sign of the surrender of the famous residential avenue to commerce
	layer_2: this wors one of the fin his homedin tocily of thotparid and is acuisition was a premoied were sine of the surander of the fhame is resten shall evenr to commers
	layer_4: this wers one of the fine is homed in te cily of thout hearit and is aquisition was a premind wer signe of the surrander of the famous restins sihaoevenu to commersce
	layer_6: this were as one of thefine is homed in the cily of that hered and is acquisition was a preminnd were signg of the surrander of the famous reston cho evenue to commersce
	layer_8: this wers one of thedfineest homed in the cily of that perod and is acquisition was a premonnd wer sign of the surrender of the famous restine shul avenue to commerce
	layer_10: this wereas one of the finest homed in the cilly of that period and its acquisition was a premodwer sign of the surrender of the famous resdensiu avenue to commerce
	layer_12: this were as one of the finest homed in the cilly of that period and its acquisition was a premoneder sighn of the surrender of the famous resdeensuy avenue to commerce

file: 1585-131718-0033.flac
expected: the experience with the little gas engine was rather startling
	layer_2: thexperesd with ha lattle gans angin was riretheir startling
	layer_4: the experiesed with a latle gas anging was sfri their startling
	layer_6: the experinced with a lato gass angine wish fry their startling
	layer_8: they experienced with a lato gas engene was tra their startling
	layer_10: they experienced with a leato gas engine wis ry their startling
	layer_12: they experienced with a leto gas engine wis try their startling

file: 1585-131718-0034.flac
expected: one day it was not going very well and i went down to the man in charge and got exploring around
	layer_2: one da it was note going very wou and on dont to the marnin chrage an god itx parying aroant
	layer_4: one day it was not going very wel and ia wene dunt to the manin charge and god ex pourying arant
	layer_6: one day it was not going very well and  hene dont to the man in charge and god explouring arant
	layer_8: one day it was not going very well and went dont to the man in charge and got exploring arant
	layer_10: one day it was not going very well and i went ont to the man in charge and got exploring arant
	layer_12: one day it was not going very well and it went ont to the man in charge and got exploring arant

file: 1585-131718-0035.flac
expected: for the next four or five years sixty five was a veritable beehive day and night
	layer_2: hut an ex foral five year secte fi was a veritabobe be hive day a knight
	layer_4: thu a next for ol five year six lifi was ta veried abobe be hife daga night
	layer_6: tfer he next poral five year sixtyfy was a very debot be hive dag a night
	layer_8: for he next four olr five year sixty fie was a vari  bo be hie day and night
	layer_10: for the next four or five year sixty five was a veriable be hive day and night
	layer_12: for the next four or five year sixty five was averiable be hive day and night

file: 1585-131718-0036.flac
expected: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter neglect of the clock
	layer_2: the rutin was very much the same asks that at the labord toey ing its ut e nach olid of the claorck
	layer_4: the rutin was very much the same aske that at the labortory ing its oronackulit of the clock
	layer_6: the rooting was very much the same ask that at the laboratary ing its arter nackolite of the clock
	layer_8: the roting was very much the same as that at the laboratory being its artonacolite of the clock
	layer_10: the rooting was very much the same as that at the laboratory being its artenacelite of the clock
	layer_12: the rooting was very much the same as that at the laboratory being its arternacelite of the clock

file: 1585-131718-0037.flac
expected: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a cigar even if i locked them up in my desk they would break it open
	layer_2: io was tll ing the gentin monm one day that i could not ce a secre even they f y loke th ma ben i dask thery would break it open
	layer_4: i was telling a genteman one day that i could not keep ar secre even they fi locked them mi been i dusk they would breag it open
	layer_6: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even they fiy locked them a a emy dusk they would break it open
	layer_8: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even thei f ind locked them  u in my dusk they would break it open
	layer_10: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked themub in my dusk they would break it open
	layer_12: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked themub in my dusk they would break it open

file: 1585-131718-0038.flac
expected: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of cigars and who would show them a trick
	layer_2: he sa gaster to me that he had o friend over on aith avene who mideu subr a grat of segres a who would show thematrak
	layer_4: he sugjasterd to me that he had a friend over on ate aveny who mide a superagrat of segres and who would show them a trak
	layer_6: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenu who made a supur a grat of segres and who would show them a trik
	layer_8: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a supurre grade of segrets and who would show them a trick
	layer_10: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of segris and who would show them a trick
	layer_12: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of segriz and who would show them a trick

file: 1585-131718-0039.flac
expected: he said he would have some of them made up with hair and old paper and i could put them in without a word and see the result
	layer_2: he said that he would have some of thm maide a with har and oh paperand i could ut the ming without award and see thad resout
	layer_4: he said that he would have some of them made a with har and o paper and i could put theming without a ward and see thet resout
	layer_6: he said that he would have some of them made abwith hair and o paper and i could put theming without a word and see thet resout
	layer_8: he said that he would have some of them made abitdh hair and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see thed risault
	layer_10: he said that he would have some of them made abet hair and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see the risalt
	layer_12: he said that he would have some of them made abet hair and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see the risault

file: 1585-131718-0040.flac
expected: i thought no more about the matter
	layer_2: i au no mwore  bathe matter
	layer_4: i taught kno more ba the matter
	layer_6: i thought no mor d bo the matter
	layer_8: i thought no wordabout the matter
	layer_10: i thought no word about the matter
	layer_12: i thought no word about the matter

file: 1585-131718-0041.flac
expected: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_2: idin he remember andy thing aboudet
	layer_4: i d in ta remember andything about it
	layer_6: i didn remember anything about it
	layer_8: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_10: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_12: i didn't remember anything about it

file: 1585-131718-0042.flac
expected: i was too busy on other things to notice
	layer_2: i was to busiy houn aother things to denotee
	layer_4: i was to busiond other things to te notise
	layer_6: i was to busy on other things to the notice
	layer_8: i was too busy ong other things to thenotice
	layer_10: i was too busy on other things to denotice
	layer_12: i was too busy on other things to denotice

file: 1585-131718-0043.flac
expected: speaking of those days or nights edison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenyi
	layer_2: spaak ing o tho s daycs of nights aut is nesseys year sa go one of the greav violinust was ramony
	layer_4: speaking of thoe tas ovnights antisnesceys yers ago one of the great violinust was raminy
	layer_6: speaking of thosestays ofnights adesnecays years ago one of the great violinest was ramoni
	layer_8: speaking of those days of knights addise sas years ago one of the great violinist was ramene
	layer_10: speaking of those days of knights eddison says years ago one of the great violinists was ramene
	layer_12: speaking of those days of knights eddison says years ago one of the great violinists was ramenee

file: 1585-131718-0044.flac
expected: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_2: he whaltalk wiht me teat i never asked him to ring his fyaling
	layer_4: he wuld talk with me that i never asked him to bring his fialing
	layer_6: he would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his violine
	layer_8: he would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his vilin
	layer_10: he would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_12: he would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his violin

file: 1585-131718-0045.flac
expected: one night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_2: why nighd he came with his fioling aboud terve a'clorck
	layer_4: why niht he came with his fieling about teve a'clock
	layer_6: why night he came with his fioling about teve o'clock
	layer_8: why night he came with his viling about twelve o'clock
	layer_10: why night he came with his filing about twelve o'clock
	layer_12: why night he came with his filing about twelve o'clock

file: 1585-131718-0046.flac
expected: after that every time he came to new york he used to call at sixty five late at night with his violin
	layer_2: after that eveitime he cim to new yorg h usd to carsk tdo fihd lat anight with his fiolengged
	layer_4: after that every time he cime to knew york he used to carasectefiht lat enight with his fiolenged
	layer_6: after that every time he came to new york he used to caras tefihd late a night with his fioe inghed
	layer_8: after that every time he came to new york he usedtokaristified late a night with his viaeinc
	layer_10: after that every time he came to new york he used to kara sitified latee night with his fialinchn
	layer_12: after that every time he came to new york he used to kara sixtified late e night with his vialinci

file: 1585-131718-0047.flac
expected: another visitor who used to give us a good deal of amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the head of the london fire brigade
	layer_2: another thisiter whooid used to gifuas a go dal en usement anm pleasur was kep and shaw they had o lend infiebwer agad
	layer_4: another visiter whowould used to gif as a goodil e nusement and pleasure was keptain sha they head of lend on fibwere ygade
	layer_6: another visitor who ould used to gie us a goo deal enusement and pleasure was captain sha the hard of lendon fiverygade
	layer_8: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the had of london fibwer gade
	layer_10: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was capta'in shaw the head of london fibury gate
	layer_12: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captai'n shaw the head of london fibury gate

file: 1585-131718-0048.flac
expected: he would go out among the fire laddies and have a great time
	layer_2: he wea go out amon the fiuladies and haf a gretime
	layer_4: whe wee go out amon the fihe ladies and half a great time
	layer_6: he were go out among the fire ladies and half a great time
	layer_8: he will go out among the fire ladies and half a great time
	layer_10: he will go out among the fir ladies and half a great time
	layer_12: he will go out among the fir ladies and half a great time

file: 1585-131718-0049.flac
expected: speaking of telling stories i once got telling a man stories at the harrison lamp factory in the yard as he was leaving
	layer_2: speaking og tell es ores tiy wen sgodthawlig a maaes doris at the her wis ind len factry and a yard as he was leaving
	layer_4: speaking of tel es dares thi wenc s god elnga mayesdory's at the heris n lame factoury ind a yard as he was leaving
	layer_6: speaking of telles daras thi wences god ellinga ma'sdories at the harison lam factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_8: speaking of tellas daures that wence god telling a man's dtorris at the herison lamfactory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_10: speaking of tellsdarres that wence god telling a man stories at the herisen lamb factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_12: speaking of tellesdarres that wence god telling a man stories at the harrisen lamb factory in a yard as he was leaving

file: 1585-131718-0050.flac
expected: it was winter and he was all in furs
	layer_2: hit was winder ani h ers alwing firs
	layer_4: het was windhere and he wears aolwwing first
	layer_6: he was windered and he was alwing first
	layer_8: he was windered and he was awing first
	layer_10: he was windered and he was awing first
	layer_12: he was windered and he was awing first

file: 1585-131718-0051.flac
expected: i had nothing on to protect me against the cold
	layer_2: i had nothing one to prota me a guest to cold
	layer_4: i had nothing on to protect me a guess te colt
	layer_6: i had nothing om to protect me a guestdecote
	layer_8: i had nothing on to protect me agaes ta coe
	layer_10: i had nothing lormg to protect me agaest a kode
	layer_12: i had nothing orme to protect me agenst a kode

file: 1585-131718-0052.flac
expected: then i got pleurisy and had to be shipped to florida for cure
	layer_2: nen hagob plor yseeind ha o be shpd to floryd tof for cur
	layer_4: nan agob plericiend hod to be shp to flori to frecur
	layer_6: dhan a gob plery ceand how to be ship to floury to frcure
	layer_8: danna gob pluriciant hawd to be shipped to flori the for cure
	layer_10: thana gob pluriciant ha to be shipped to flourri to pro cure
	layer_12: thana gob pluricient had to be shipped to flourito fro cure

file: 1585-131718-0053.flac
expected: it had merely enjoyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of backing edison's experiments
	layer_2: he ha mlin jr thet theligts of anxterous andhisipation and teppara thus plursure of facan avisens exparments
	layer_4: he ha merlelinjore the delights of anterous and hisipation and te paeraloes pluasure of facining atesencs expariments
	layer_6: he had merely enjured the delights of anturus andicipation and the peralless pleasure of facting adesen's experiments
	layer_8: he had merely endored the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of facting adison's experiments
	layer_10: he had merely enjuyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of fecting eddison's experiments
	layer_12: he had merely enjuyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of fecting edison's experiments

file: 1585-131718-0054.flac
expected: now active exploitation was required
	layer_2: now acte ex poitation was requide
	layer_4: now acter ex poritation was requite
	layer_6: now afteor exploitation was requiet
	layer_8: now after exploitation was requied
	layer_10: now after exploitation was required
	layer_12: now after explitation was required

file: 1585-157660-0000.flac
expected: london its guilt and glory
	layer_2: lendon is golte and gory
	layer_4: lendon is gilte and glory
	layer_6: lindon his goat and glory
	layer_8: lindon his goat and glory
	layer_10: lindon his goat and glory
	layer_12: lynton his goat and glory

file: 1585-157660-0001.flac
expected: they say best men are molded out of faults and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_2: they say best man ar moted out ha fots and for the most the caome much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_4: they say best man our moted out a fogts and for the most tecome much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_6: they say best man are moted out of fouts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_8: they say best mn are moted out of fougts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_10: they say best man are moted out of fouts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_12: they say best man are moted out of fouts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad

file: 1585-157660-0002.flac
expected: standing on a broken column of the old steeple three hundred feet above primrose hill william struck an attitude of theatrical fashion and uttered the following oratorical flight
	layer_2: standing on the brokand colem of te o steber  tway hunda feetebove praing rote hill wellhm struck an aditut off  thear try go fashion and otter the folling ulretorric of flighd
	layer_4: standing on the brokan column of the o steebert thrway hundre feet bove praim rosehill will hams ruck an atitute of thear try go fashion and attert the folling auretorrico flied
	layer_6: standing on the broken colum of the o steeper threey hundred feet above praime rose hill willamsdruck in attitude of ther treiko fashion and otter the foling auritorico flied
	layer_8: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prayme rose hill willham struck an attitude of theatrey co fashion and utter the foling aritorico flied
	layer_10: standing on the broken column of the oa steeper three hundred feet above primerose hill william struck an attitude of theatri co fashion and uttere the folling aritorical flight
	layer_12: standing on the broken column of the oa steeper three hundred feet above primerose hill william struck an attitude of theatri co fashion and uttere the folling aritorica flight

file: 1585-157660-0003.flac
expected: glorious london
	layer_2: glaris lendon
	layer_4: glorys lendon
	layer_6: gloris lendon
	layer_8: gloris london
	layer_10: glories london
	layer_12: glories london

file: 1585-157660-0004.flac
expected: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vestige of this wonderful mass of human energy shall remain where the cry of the wolf bat and bittern shall only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_2: a said how san o think that the day will con whel not a vastate of this oned of or mas aof human arigy shalr reman where the cry of the woff bat and beedim sheu all be heard a nature a gim resum her rustics blendan desolation
	layer_4: a sad how sand to thing that the day willcon weld not vastate of this ond of remass of humanaigy shalrl remain where the cry of the walf bad and beathem shel almly be herd i nature agaim resume her rustics blandon desolation
	layer_6: asad how said to think that the day will con woel not a vastig of this woned of her mass of humanaregy shall remain where the cry of the walf bad and beathom shull almly be heard a nature again resume her rustic splandind desolation
	layer_8: a sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastid of this wond of her mass of human energy shall remain wite the cry of the wharf bad and beatem should almly be heard an nature again resume her rustic splendend desolation
	layer_10: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastage of this wondiful mass of human energy shall remain with the cry of the wharf bat and beatem shoull anly be hert and nature again resume her rustic splended desolation
	layer_12: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastage of this wondiful mass of human energy shall remain with the cry of the wharf bad and beatem sha'll alnly be hurt and nature again resume her rustic splended desolation

file: 1585-157660-0005.flac
expected: the devil's tavern was a resort for actors authors bohemians lords and ladies who did not retire early to their downy couches
	layer_2: the devewas heaven was ta resord for acters athors behemons lors and ladis who dit no rtine early to that downingd coucius
	layer_4: the devilas t heaven was the resort for actors authors bahemiens flors an ladies who  did now retine early to thair downingt couchies
	layer_6: the deviest heaven was the resort for actors authors bahemioans floors and ladies who  did not retine early to their downing couches
	layer_8: the devilest theaven was the resort for actors authors bohemions floors and ladies who did not retirn early to their downinge couches
	layer_10: the devilst haven was a resort for actors authors bohemins floors and ladies who did not retir early to their downing couches
	layer_12: the devilist heaven was a resort for actors arthors bohemians floors and ladies who did not retir early to their downing couches

file: 1585-157660-0006.flac
expected: william and myself soon found rest in deep slumber and wafted away into a dreamless realm our tired bodies lay in the enfolding arms of morpheus until the porter knocked at our door the next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_2: well o a mysou soo fon rest in depes lumbering ao wefhted away intow oad dremlys rim our tied botis laying the ing foling arm soe morforce un to the potter nock it aur dor nex morning as te clock of the towrestruc the our of nie
	layer_4: well in an mysou soon foun rast in deeps lumbering ed wafted away into a dreameliys rim our tied botes lay ing the in foing arm soe morforse unto the potto knock at our dor next morning as tha clock of the towrstruck the hour of nine
	layer_6: well e an my sud soon found rast in deep slumburng and wafted away into a dreamlys rim our tied bodes lay in theinfoing arm so morphus unto the potte knocked at our dor next morning as the'clock of the tower struck the hour of nignhe
	layer_8: willa and myseunt soon found rest in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamlys rim our tied botis lay in theinfoing armsar morphous unto the potte knockd at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_10: willam and myself soon found rest in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamlyss rim our tide bodies lay in the infoing arms sar morphous unto the potten knocked at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_12: willam and myself soon found rest in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamlyss rim our tide bodies lay in the infoding arms sar morphous unto the potten knocked at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine

file: 1585-157660-0007.flac
expected: our first sight of sunrise in london gave us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_2: ia fir sut of son risingland a giff ats gread expitations o fame andfordten for sureally alwe had rs glowing exitatiens
	layer_4: a first sit of sun rising lend e givf as great expetations of fame and fortune for surely alwey had ws glowing expetations
	layer_6: our first sidt of sungrising lande give ats great expitations our fame and fortune for surely alway had was glowing expetations
	layer_8: our first sight of sun rising landen givfe ats great expetations our fame and fortune for surely all we had wes glowing expetations
	layer_10: our first sight of sunrising lendter gift as great expectations our fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_12: our first sight of sunrising lend ter gif ats great expectations or fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations

file: 1585-157660-0008.flac
expected: oft expectation fails and most oft there where most it promises and oft it hits where hope is coldest and despair most fits
	layer_2: aftd exitation fous and most af there where most apromises and of a heids where hopeash codest and espar most fits
	layer_4: aft expeitation fouse and most aft there where most a promisis and of a hits were hope is codest and de spar most fits
	layer_6: aft expetation fous and most aft there where most a promises and off a hids where hope as codest and despaire most fits
	layer_8: aft expetation fouse and most af there were most a promises and off a hids where hope is coldest and despairemost fits
	layer_10: afte expertation faous and most a there were most a promises and off e hids where hope is coldest and despair most fits
	layer_12: afte expertation faus and most af there were most a promises and off e hids where hope is coldest and despair most fits

file: 1585-157660-0009.flac
expected: deuces won double and sixes treble coin
	layer_2: dusis one dober when sixtes trabicoynn
	layer_4: ducis one doblwhen sixies trabicoin
	layer_6: dusis one dablr when sixtes trabicoy
	layer_8: deusis one dubber when sixtis trabicoy
	layer_10: deusis one double when sixh is trabacoy
	layer_12: deusis one dublo when sixth is trabacoy

file: 1585-157660-0010.flac
expected: william to the great amazement of the dealer flung a guinea in the center pot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation
	layer_2: wellem to the grade amazemend of the dilar flong eaginnig in that senapot which ors inmedial y t hept by jack wathey others looked on in silen expitation
	layer_4: well him to the greayd a mazement of the dillaer flung ageinning in the canapot which werse immedily thept by jack whiled the others looked on in siling expetation
	layer_6: well him to the great amazement of the diller flung aginning in the anapot which weres immediately tept by jacg whiled they others looked on in siling expetation
	layer_8: will ham to the great amazement of the diller flung agining in the sanapot which weres immediately tepped by jack while the others looked on in sileng expetation
	layer_10: willham to the great amazement of the diller flung a ginia in the canapot which wer immediately tepped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation
	layer_12: williham to the great amazement of the diller flung a guinia in the canapot which wer immediately tepped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation

file: 1585-157660-0011.flac
expected: the polite jack replied all right sir take your word for it
	layer_2: the plit jac reput a'l riir take a worde for it
	layer_4: the plite jack ruput ill rie sir take a word for it
	layer_6: the plit jag rupond i'll ri sir take a word for it
	layer_8: the plite jack repuned i'll rite sir take a word for it
	layer_10: the plite jack repuned i'll rite sir take a word for it
	layer_12: the plite jack repuned i'll rite sir take a word for it

file: 1585-157660-0012.flac
expected: i have set my life upon a cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_2: i have seind my life upon the cast o wi stendhe hauserd of the die
	layer_4: i have sent my livfe upon the cast a will standhe hausar of the die
	layer_6: i have sent my life upon the cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_8: i have sent my life upon the cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_10: i have sent my life upon the cast and will stand the hazard of the dye
	layer_12: i have sent my life upon the cast and will stand the hazard of the dye

file: 1585-157660-0013.flac
expected: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of infant bull pups she was fondling in her capacious lap
	layer_2: im medell i followed in his fr st aps and foundoma jokin with a len loady abou a cobe ove inten bo paps she was fanderling her compacious lap
	layer_4: imedila followed in his fi staps and foun im ajogin with ha lend loady abou ta cuple of infan boo paps she was fondeling her campacious lap
	layer_6: i medily followed in his firsteps and foundhima jokin with te lendlody about a coupor of ingfan boo paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_8: i immediately followed in his fit steps and found hima jogig with the lanlady about a couple of englan boo paps she was fundling her capacious lap
	layer_10: i immediately followed in his foot steps and found him ajoking with the landlady about a couple of englant boo prhaps she was fundling her capacious lap
	layer_12: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him ajoking with the landlady about a couple of englant boo perhaps she was fundling her capacious lap

file: 1585-157660-0014.flac
expected: if he had dropped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprocal
	layer_2: if he hat jopbped out of he clots well an culd not have bing more pleased o suprised and the feling was reciprco
	layer_4: if he had jopped out of a clouts well im could not have beeng more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_6: if he had jopped out of a clouths well han could not have been more pleased ove surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_8: if he had jopped out of ae clouts willam could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_10: if he had jopped out of a clouds willham could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_12: if he had jopped out of a clouds willham could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciproco

file: 1585-157660-0015.flac
expected: the printing shop of field was only a short distance from the devil's tavern and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_2: the prinyg shop a fo was owlng a sor distans fromn the dab was thavan and we werding vited to visithey stablishmentd
	layer_4: the prining shop a fou was owling a sure distance from the davwas tavhen and we were ingvited to visidtha stablishment
	layer_6: the prining shap af fow was owling a sore distance from the devs taven and we were invited to visi taestablishment
	layer_8: the prining chap of faw was owing a shore distance from the deviols taven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_10: the prinning charpeffau was owing a short distance from the devistaven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_12: the prinning charpef fau was owing a short distance from the devilstaven and we were invited to visit the establishment

file: 1585-157660-0016.flac
expected: james burbage gazed for a moment on the manly form of william and blurted out in his bluff manner what do you know
	layer_2: jame s robagh gastd for a moanet ond the maily for ma willem and bloriy out in his blove miner what do ou know
	layer_4: james eroay bege gased for a momend on the mamly formawillhim and blury out in his blovh minter what do you know
	layer_6: james ereryabage gazed for a moment on the manily forma willhim and blurty out in his blafh minner what do you know
	layer_8: jamesburrybidge gazed for a moment on the manly form er willham and blurtied out in his blafh minner what do you know
	layer_10: james sburrybidge gazed for a moment on the manly form of williem and blurted out in his blot minner what do you know
	layer_12: james sburrybidge gazed for a moment on the manly form of williem and blurred out in his blofh minner what do you know

file: 8254-115543-0000.flac
expected: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_2: the next day eerywoddin the hous began to make preparationts fwirt e dourney
	layer_4: the next day everybodding the house began to make preparations wor tha journey
	layer_6: the next day everyboddying the house began to make preparations wore the journey
	layer_8: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_10: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_12: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey

file: 8254-115543-0001.flac
expected: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_2: eerything was dandvary lasurely though there s a lotte talkmn an dispooting and the giving of contry orders
	layer_4: everything was den very leisurely though there ws a loteo talkinm an dispooting and the giving of contrary ordiers
	layer_6: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lott of talking an dispooding and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_8: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_10: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispouting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_12: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders

file: 8254-115543-0002.flac
expected: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_2: the old porter was thaire dracting e scoding the serents of they piled the rugk somplenkets and bags of thoud and pots and pandst anddiches in to the wagen
	layer_4: the old porter was thare diructing a scoding the servancs as they piled the rug somd blankets and begs of lhood and pots and pans and dishes mnto the wagon
	layer_6: the old porter was there dracting ascoding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of flood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_8: the old porter was there directing ascoding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_10: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_12: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon

file: 8254-115543-0003.flac
expected: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_2: there was quite o prsession o in that lastd the bic weggen rumbd out through the gete way
	layer_4: there was quite a procession owhin that last the big wegon rumbd out through the git way
	layer_6: there was quite a processionnhen that last the big wagon rumbled out through the gitway
	layer_8: there was quite a procession when hat last the big wagon rumbled out through the gatway
	layer_10: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_12: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway

file: 8254-115543-0004.flac
expected: behind it came the grandmother in her dhoolie dak a sort of a litter or easy chair swung between two long poles
	layer_2: behin d a camed the granmother and her duly dack a sut a ra litter wor easy chair som be tweem too lorng pos
	layer_4: behind i came the grandmother and her duly dack a sot of a litter or easy chair som between two lang pose
	layer_6: behind i cameto the grandmother in her july deck a soot of a litter or easy chair some between two long pose
	layer_8: behind i came to the grandmother in her july deck a soot of a litter or easy chair sume between two long pos
	layer_10: behind i came to the grandmother in her july deck a sort of a litter or easy chair sume between two long poles
	layer_12: behind i came to the grandmother in her july deck a sort of a litter or easy chair sume between two long poes

file: 8254-115543-0005.flac
expected: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_2: besize the faumndly there re many servants and suver others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_4: besize the family there were many servants and suveral others walked beside or slow moving wagon
	layer_6: beside the family there were many servants and sover others walked beside te slow moving wagon
	layer_8: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_10: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_12: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon

file: 8254-115543-0006.flac
expected: the cook too went with them
	layer_2: the cok to won with them
	layer_4: the cok too ont with them
	layer_6: the cook too want with them
	layer_8: the cook too went with them
	layer_10: the cook too went with them
	layer_12: the cook too went with them

file: 8254-115543-0007.flac
expected: good bye shouted little nao from his garden wall as they went by good bye
	layer_2: god by shudded litten otfrm mis carden wasthey won by gid by
	layer_4: gud by shud e littleno from isscarden wasthey wen py god by
	layer_6: good bye shouted little now from his garden was ey went bye god bye
	layer_8: good bye shouted little nel from his garden welste went by good bye
	layer_10: good bye shouted little naw from his garden whalstey went by good bye
	layer_12: good bye shouted little naw from his garden whalstey went by good bye

file: 8254-115543-0008.flac
expected: they shouted greetings to their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old fakir smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_2: they shauda greting to the friend the porter as te pasthim and uso to the old facur smred a ovr wth ashes who san a little brickut by the brige nd pretended to make wonterful curs
	layer_4: they shoutagreeding troug their frienda the poter as the pased hem and elso to the old facur smired ae overy with ashes who sa in an little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful curs
	layer_6: they shouetedgreeting trough their friend the potter as they passt them and also to the old facer smered al over with ashes who sat in i little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_8: they shouted greeting trough their friend the potter as they passed them and also to the old facere smeared allover with ashes who sat in a little bricg hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_10: they shouted greeting though their friend the potter as they passed them and also to the old faker smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_12: they shouted greeting through their friend the potter as they passed them and also to the old faker smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures

file: 8254-115543-0009.flac
expected: this is more fun than going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_2: this is moret when the goin escoo se callar as the oxamplarde alongthrerg clos of dest
	layer_4: this is morethen the going to school sicola as the oxemplated alon through clous of dest
	layer_6: this is more fundnhe going to school said cola as the oximplated alone through clouds of dest
	layer_8: this is more fund e going to school sid cola as the ox emplated alone through clouds of dust
	layer_10: this is more fund i going to school sid cola as the ox empladded alone through clouds of dust
	layer_12: this is more fund i going to school sid cola as the ox empladded alone through clouds of dust

file: 8254-115543-0010.flac
expected: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts run quite wild
	layer_2: these lovely birs are fonnearly everyworern andia and in someparts weran quite wiled
	layer_4: these lovely birds are founearly everywere in endea and in some parts wer n quite wild
	layer_6: these lovely birds are foun nearly everywhere in endia and in some parts are in quite wild
	layer_8: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts are in quite wild
	layer_10: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts are in quite wild
	layer_12: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts are in quite wild

file: 8254-115543-0011.flac
expected: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_2: his flong mated hair hung on his shouders and ye was sing his prayers with the help of the rosery of bets which she continually pasd the his hands
	layer_4: his long matted hair hung on his shoders and y was seing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beets which he continually pated ther his hands
	layer_6: his long matdded hair hung on his showders and he was seing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beats which he continually passed though his hands
	layer_8: his long matted hair hung on his shouders and he was saing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_10: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_12: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands

file: 8254-115543-0012.flac
expected: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bowl saying give oh charitable people to this holy one
	layer_2: as the rwagng came up eyong mand ho ha comepany the wholy man rannup and howdot a beging ble saing give o churidable people to this holy one
	layer_4: as the wagan came up a young man who aeccompany the wholy man ran up and how dout a begging ble saying give o cherritable people to this wholy one
	layer_6: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and how doubt a begging boll saying give o charritable people to this holy one
	layer_8: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and helwed out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_10: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_12: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one

file: 8254-115543-0013.flac
expected: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_2: no contri in the wood has so mana bagers as india
	layer_4: no country in the wood has so many baggers as indea
	layer_6: no country in the world has so many baggars as india
	layer_8: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_10: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_12: no country in the world has so many beggars as india

file: 8254-115543-0014.flac
expected: many of them are called holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_2: many of the mon cot holy men becaus they do nothing butmake pogromages roe one sicur plice o  nother the ing soly on the ams that agivin to them
	layer_4: many of them ucad holy men because they do nothing but make pilgramages from one secri place o another tleving toly on the alms that rgiven to them
	layer_6: many of them acagd wholly men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one' sacret place to another living sowlly on the arms that are given to them
	layer_8: many of them are caughed holly men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacret place to another living slolely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_10: many of them are calhed holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacret place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_12: many of them are called holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacret place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them

file: 8254-115543-0015.flac
expected: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_2: and they had etin their lench the yon' pe be wontraxplorer the gardin near them
	layer_4: when they had eaten their lunch the youn'tpe berntor explore the gardin near them
	layer_6: when they had eaten their lunch the young peop be wen or explore the garden near them
	layer_8: when they had eaten their lunch the young people wane to explore the garden near them
	layer_10: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them
	layer_12: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them

file: 8254-115543-0016.flac
expected: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream
	layer_2: perhaps ther doks thi me hola a litle farfully but hi or got about dogsf ind they sawt the gete of shouldre king downpy s stren
	layer_4: perhaps ther are dog ayn mahalla a little fearfully but they fore got about dogs in they soug thicget of should re king down by s stream
	layer_6: perhaps theye are dog said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wen they saw  thicket of shouldy cing down by his stream
	layer_8: perhaps there are dog said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs hen they saw a thicket of sugy cing down by his stream
	layer_10: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wen they saw a thicket of shugary cing down by his stream
	layer_12: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs hen they saw a thicket of sugar cing down by his stream

file: 8254-115543-0017.flac
expected: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploughing by the stream said chola
	layer_2: praps s ro combysom from the man theur he is now pluoing be the schren sai cola
	layer_4: perhaps wo canby some from the man there he is now plowing by the strem said colla
	layer_6: perhaps we can buysome from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_8: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_10: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploing by the stream said cola
	layer_12: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola

file: 8254-115543-0018.flac
expected: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a long stalk of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_2: it his the kgin hor water said the farmer as he took a loss fuc o kan and jently kited it jown tho h' s jrem
	layer_4: it is theokin for water said the farmer as he took a lost feck o kane and gently guidid it jown to thisdream
	layer_6: it is theokin for water said the farmer as he took a los feco kane and gently guided it jown to the sream
	layer_8: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost falcowe cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_10: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost felco cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_12: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost falco can and gently guided it down to the stream

file: 8254-115543-0019.flac
expected: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure one for anything
	layer_2: the snake as a nother stacret animal of the hindoede and thoy wae nowt ciler inger wend for anything
	layer_4: the snake is tanother stacret animal of the hindus and they wele not kill wr injur wend for anything
	layer_6: thi snake is thanother stacred animal of the hinduse an they wole not kill wor injure when for anything
	layer_8: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they wuld not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_10: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they wold not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_12: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure when for anything

file: 8254-115543-0020.flac
expected: as they were about to move on again they saw a great cloud of dust down the road
	layer_2: as then aebutcho m won again they sagry cord owe dust gewn he road
	layer_4: as them waebuc ti mevon again they sagree cloudle dust gan the road
	layer_6: as they werebout to movon again they sagree cloudo dust gan the road
	layer_8: as they were about to move on again they saw gre cloud of dust down the road
	layer_10: as they were about to move on again they saw gery cloud of dust down the road
	layer_12: as they were about to move on again they saw gere cloud of dust down the road

file: 8254-115543-0021.flac
expected: it turned out that it was a great and powerful rajah going in state on a journey to visit another rajah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly made up
	layer_2: a turn det that ai was the grey impowerful rega goingan sthay on adouneg to was a unothe reja woere ruler of one of the smal king doms ore states of which mardren indials formily mada
	layer_4: artuned at that i wis the gre ampowerful rega goinan stay on a jounei to wits te another rega were rular of one of the small kangdoms or states of which marden indeal s formly maea
	layer_6: iturned at that it was a great amdpowerful rega goigand stay on ar jouniy to wish te another regia where ruler of one of the small kangdoms or states of which madrent indial was formerly maea
	layer_8: ieturned out that it was ta great and powerful rega goling and stay on a journy to wis another rega were ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern indial was formerly mada
	layer_10: i turned out that it was a great and powerful rega gong and stay on ou journey to vi another rega here ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly mada
	layer_12: i turned out that it was a great and powerful rega goig and stay on ou journey to vis another rega er ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly mada

file: 8254-115543-0022.flac
expected: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_2: firs the came of bicg elotent ou decorade with silkand gold and siuver
	layer_4: first the came o big elephant ou decorated with silken gold en silver
	layer_6: first there came a big elephant our decorated with silk end gold en silver
	layer_8: first there came a big elephant al decorated with silk and goldend silver
	layer_10: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_12: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver

file: 8254-115543-0023.flac
expected: on the elephant's back was a howdah which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross legged was the rajah a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels with a great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_2: on the eltand spack wit was the howder whichus hik h bik chare the canopy over it and in this sitting crost light was the rejar hae bik that fellow dresstin colod's sokand duwlf nd the great damind sep plumin his turben
	layer_4: on the elephan spack wit was the howde which as thike a big chair wt the canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the reja ha big tat fellow dresdin colordi siks an jewels  the great diamon sit plum in is turben
	layer_6: on the elephan spack wt was the howda which is like a big chair ofh a canopy over it and in this sitting crosslight was the ruga ha big fat fellow dressed in colored soaks and jewels the great diamond sit plume in his turban
	layer_8: on the elephan's backwh was the howda which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting crosslight was the rudga a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond sit plume in is turban
	layer_10: on the elephant's back was the howdar which was like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudga a big fat fellow dressed in colored silks and jewelsh the great diamond sit plume in his turban
	layer_12: on the elephant's back was the howdar which was like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudja a big fat fellow dressed in colored silks and jewelst the great diamond sit plume in his turban

file: 8254-115543-0024.flac
expected: behind the howdah stood a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajah's head
	layer_2: thehind the how dess that assurvan hoding a bicom brilla o fuwn feathins over the rejas head
	layer_4: te hind the how dus that ias survan hoding a bigam brella a fin featherce over the rejas head
	layer_6: behind the how dost that a servan hoding a bigambrella a fin feathers over the redge as head
	layer_8: behind the howdust that a servant holding a bi umbrella af fine feathers over the regas head
	layer_10: behind the how dust tat a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the redja's head
	layer_12: behind the howdust tat a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the redja's head

file: 8254-115543-0025.flac
expected: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast by prodding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or goad
	layer_2: the driwer se on the nec of the elepant and guided the big bease tha e prording her al one site hor the other with t an aro shad stick or gold
	layer_4: the driwer se on the nec of the elephant and guided the big beast hat beprouding hemo one side or the other with an orn shad o stick or gold
	layer_6: the dri were sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast hat beprouding him on one side or the other with an iron shat stick or gold
	layer_8: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that pe prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shot stick or gold
	layer_10: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold
	layer_12: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold

file: 8254-115543-0026.flac
expected: isn't it fine to ride like that on a big elephant
	layer_2: as in at find to rile goun a big elethent
	layer_4: is n it fine to rilok ou n a big elephent
	layer_6: is n't it fine to rilk tht n a big elephant
	layer_8: isn't it fine to rilit that on a big elephant
	layer_10: isn't it fine to rilik that on a big elephant
	layer_12: isn't it fine to rilike that on a big elephant

file: 8254-115543-0027.flac
expected: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rajah and his escort
	layer_2: n athe r ess of the day hed littlrfolk toke of nothing with he great a jwnes escuot
	layer_4: an atheress of the day than little folk talked of nothing with he great war jinis esicot
	layer_6: in all the ress of the day the little folkcu talked of nothing buth the great ere jinus escot
	layer_8: on all the res of the day the little folkcod talked of nothing but the great ragina's escot
	layer_10: on all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great ragina's escort
	layer_12: on all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great ragina's escot

file: 8254-115543-0028.flac
expected: our party came to a halt among many other bullock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at the little booths
	layer_2: r party cime to a heot amo many otheir belock  carts the oners af whichraritys sitting around on the ground couking this suppers abarganning forfout ad tha little booth
	layer_4: our party came tro a hot a momany other belock carts the owners af which  ariadi sitting around on the ground cooking the suppers or bargannings for fut at the little booth
	layer_6: our party came tro a halt a mo many other buloc carts the owners of which ealready sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargainnings for food at the little booth
	layer_8: our party came through a halt amo many other buloc carts the oners of which wre already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargainings for food at a little booth
	layer_10: our party came toh a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth
	layer_12: our party came to a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth

file: 8254-115543-0029.flac
expected: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_2: these they used fore plats he ping them up with heir bordraice and curry andfish and as stowrs of putttings an seets
	layer_4: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boild rice and cury and fish and all soce of puttings and seets
	layer_6: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and cury and fish and oul sors of putdings and sweets
	layer_8: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and al sorts of puttings and sweets
	layer_10: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_12: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets

file: 8254-115543-0030.flac
expected: as supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parao and camped not far away
	layer_2: asupper was been tetin unother porty stoppe tof the parrow and cap to no faur awit
	layer_4: a supper was been netin another portys stoppe tat the parao and camp to not far awitk
	layer_6: a superar was been neaten another partye stoped at the para and campdonof far away
	layer_8: a supper was being eaten another partye stopped at the parao and camped inof far awa
	layer_10: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the para and camped not far away
	layer_12: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parra and camped not far away

file: 8254-115543-0031.flac
expected: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty
	layer_2: whe the liter was pedown he un boicestepdoubt witcking ury hrowd and holty
	layer_4: when the litter was put down e yun boys stepped out bwliking mery rowd and halty
	layer_6: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out loioking veryroud and halty
	layer_8: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and halty
	layer_10: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haulty
	layer_12: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haulty

file: 8254-115543-0032.flac
expected: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distance
	layer_2: hads soence i en spereta hands and wrug n the grown for him to sit o a reshed about waiting a him takin good care to kep everyone unt a jistant
	layer_4: has surance i wence spred o handsome rug in the ground for him to sita a reshed about waiting a him toaking good care to keep every one untdad justant
	layer_6: his servants i wence sprad a handsome rug n the ground for him to sit af i rushed about waiting o him taking good care to keep everyone an adjistat
	layer_8: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit off and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at adjistat
	layer_10: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit off and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at a jistint
	layer_12: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit off and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at a jistit

file: 8254-115543-0033.flac
expected: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_2: yes an shalw he ordrs everyuone abou him
	layer_4: yes in hawl he orders every one about him
	layer_6: yes an how he orders every ont about him
	layer_8: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_10: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_12: yes and how he orders everyone about him

file: 8254-115543-0034.flac
expected: around the little brahmin's neck was a thin cord or thread which was the sign of his high caste
	layer_2: aronde little bramontsn neck was a thin corderf dreat which as he sign of his high cast
	layer_4: arounde little broments  neck oas a thin corter triad which wis the sign of his high cast
	layer_6: around he little brahmin sneck os a thin corter threiad which is he sign of his high cast
	layer_8: around the little brahman's neck os a thin quarter thread which is ha sign of his high cast
	layer_10: around the little brahman's neck ws a thin quarter thread which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_12: around the little brahman's neck os a thin quarter thread which is the sign of his high cast

file: 8254-115543-0035.flac
expected: meanwhile the haughty little brahmin ate his supper with his head turned away so no one could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_2: meanwile the ho ty little braman ea his supper when t hi s hed turned awayt so nolncusey him eat and then giring tired of respeful glanes of the crowdaround him he cot ingterhs littter again and the sirans fastin the crtince teigtly around im
	layer_4: meanwhile the holty little bramon a his supper when the heid turned away so noluncasy him eat and then giring tired of respectfl glances of the crowd around him he go unteo his litter again and the survin's fast ined the crtance tihtly arround him
	layer_6: meanwhile the halty little bramon ate his supper when the s head turned away si no uncase him eat and then going tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he gat into his litter again and the servants fastened the curitain s tightly around him
	layer_8: meanwhile the halty little bramon ate his supper when thes head turned away so no unca see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_10: meanwhile the hauty little bramman ate his supper when this head turned away saw no lunt cyl see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_12: meanwhile the hauty little bramman ate his supper when his head turned away saw no lunt cy see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him

file: 8254-115543-0036.flac
expected: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_2: e rybod y sep saonly and spiter the fact that one of the surmance was beating and damust of the night werche they rielly belived with the way to keep of evill spiards
	layer_4: averyboady sept soundly and spiteeof the fact that one of the surancs was beaing a dru mus of the night which they really believed wits the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_6: everybody slep soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum lest of the night which they really believed with the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_8: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum lest of the night which they really believed was the wey to keep off evil spirits
	layer_10: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the sermans was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_12: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the sermans was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits

file: 8254-115543-0037.flac
expected: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_2: o the fhes hecid
	layer_4: o the fesed he cried
	layer_6: o the theest he cried
	layer_8: oh the theezt he cried
	layer_10: oh the thies he cried
	layer_12: oh the thies he cried

file: 8254-115543-0038.flac
expected: they are as bad as the beggars
	layer_2: there s pad as the bakers
	layer_4: there es pad es the bakers
	layer_6: there s bad as the bakers
	layer_8: theyras bad as the bakers
	layer_10: they're as bad as the bakers
	layer_12: they're as bad as the bakers

file: 8254-115543-0039.flac
expected: what art thou guarding so carefully shriya asked her brother
	layer_2: whel ar thogh garding so careferlly shea asked ther brether
	layer_4: well are though garding so carefully sria asked her brother
	layer_6: well arthough guarding so carefully shrea asked her brother
	layer_8: whatl art thoug guarding so carefully shea asked her brother
	layer_10: what are though guarding so carefully she a asked her brother
	layer_12: what are though guarding so carefully she a asked her brother

file: 8254-115543-0040.flac
expected: he and chola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_2: he an coll o were walking be saidthe wakain for a thange
	layer_4: he and col o were walking be sai the ragen for ha change
	layer_6: he and cola were walking beside the regon for her change
	layer_8: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_10: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_12: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change

file: 8254-115543-0041.flac
expected: the lattices were raised so shriya and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_2: the lad ases rist s ce and ar mother and ant could injoye the fresh air
	layer_4: the lateses erised souci and he mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_6: the latteces wererisedt soshea and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_8: the lattices wer rised soshia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_10: the lattices were rised to soshi and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_12: the lattices were rised to soshi and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air

file: 8254-115543-0042.flac
expected: they are my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_2: there my dowls ai the littre girl sandtly as she patt e the bunder be sider
	layer_4: there my dowls said the little girl sandly as she padeo thebunder be sidher
	layer_6: there my dolls said the little girl sandly as she paptted the bunderbeside her
	layer_8: there my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patte the bundel beside her
	layer_10: there my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_12: there my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her

file: 8254-115543-0043.flac
expected: i take them as an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_2: i teep them wuth an offernon to the holy rover por little woman
	layer_4: i taae them wuth an offering to the wholey rover poor little woman
	layer_6: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_8: i take them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_10: i tate them with an offering to the holy roover poor little woman
	layer_12: i tate them with an offering to the holy roover poor little woman

file: 8254-115543-0044.flac
expected: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_2: mus thostacrifise thyg tois to
	layer_4: must tho sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_6: must tho sacrifice thy toys to
	layer_8: must tho sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_10: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_12: must thou sacrifice thy toys too

file: 8254-115543-0045.flac
expected: smiled her uncle as he patted her head
	layer_2: smader uncl s e paded her head
	layer_4: smader uncle ase padted her head
	layer_6: smalder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_8: smaled er uncle as he patted her head
	layer_10: smallder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_12: smalder uncle as he patted her head

file: 8254-84205-0000.flac
expected: chapter forty nine griggs is stubborn
	layer_2: chapter forty nine grags istupon
	layer_4: chrapter fory nine griks es stuben
	layer_6: chapter forty nine grigs is stuben
	layer_8: chapter forty nine grigs is stubborn
	layer_10: chapter forty nine grigs is stubborn
	layer_12: chapter forty nine gregs is stubborn

file: 8254-84205-0001.flac
expected: the days glided by with the stiffness in chris lee's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_2: the days glided by with the stifness in crispiese tembs growing lust painful and the pony recovering tfast for the cler t mountinairs ime to ac lik a curefor woons
	layer_4: the days glided by with the stiffness an christpiase limbs growing lesst painful and the pony recovering fast for the clearmountainair seemed to actlike a cure for wouns
	layer_6: the days glided by with the stiffness and christbese limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainaiers seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_8: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispis limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_10: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispy's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_12: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispy's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds

file: 8254-84205-0002.flac
expected: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_2: every day they came showt the indred animal inpetter condition
	layer_4: every day the came showd the indred animal imbetter condition
	layer_6: every day thet came showed the indred animal and better condition
	layer_8: every day the came showed the injred animal in better condition
	layer_10: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_12: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition

file: 8254-84205-0003.flac
expected: its efforts to move no longer made chris wince and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustang suffer
	layer_2: its effers to move nalonger made chrisebane and frget his own pings in those hy felt at sing the musting suffer
	layer_4: its effors to move na longer made chrisevens and forget his own pains in those he felt at seng themusting suffer
	layer_6: its effortst to move o longer made chrisowens and forget his own pains in those he felt at seing they mustin suffer
	layer_8: its efforts to move no longer made christepens and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustin suffer
	layer_10: its efforts to move no longer made chricepins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the must ain suffer
	layer_12: its efforts to move no longer made chricepens and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the must ain suffer

file: 8254-84205-0004.flac
expected: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_2: everyoulone ars busy for the keeping watch regary took up a goot dea  of time
	layer_4: everyon was busy for the keeping watch regary took up a good dea o of time
	layer_6: everyone was busy for the keeping watch reglaly took up a good dea of time
	layer_8: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_10: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_12: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time

file: 8254-84205-0005.flac
expected: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think they are staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_2: at'sau nong sence ned crardcress for them tod think thar their sting on a count of us who lo griges where you litining
	layer_4: it's au non sense ned cridcrus for them to thing th a their sting on a count of us who lo grigs where you listening
	layer_6: it's oure nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that theire stiyng on account of us hulo griggs were you listening
	layer_8: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staiying on account of us hulo griggs were you listening
	layer_10: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think tat they're staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_12: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think tat they're staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening

file: 8254-84205-0006.flac
expected: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_2: howdi ourponico lhis morning spended
	layer_4: how did yourponico this morning splended
	layer_6: how did yoeur ponigo this morning splendid
	layer_8: how did your ponigo this morning splendid
	layer_10: how did your ponigo this morning splendid
	layer_12: how did your ponigo this morning splendid

file: 8254-84205-0007.flac
expected: just halted a little on the bad leg but it's better than it was yesterday
	layer_2: jhis horted a lite on the bar leg but his biter than a was yestedy
	layer_4: tis harted a litte on the bar leg but is bitter than awas yestidy
	layer_6: just harte a little on the bare leg but is better than i was yesterdy
	layer_8: just harted a little on the bare leg but is better than i was yesterday
	layer_10: just halt it a little on the bare leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_12: just halt it a little on the bare leg but is better than it was yesterday

file: 8254-84205-0008.flac
expected: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_2: ti decanther this morny canter
	layer_4: ti decenter this morny canter
	layer_6: di you canter this money canter
	layer_8: did you counter this morni canter
	layer_10: did you conter this morning canter
	layer_12: did you conter this morning canter

file: 8254-84205-0009.flac
expected: we went at a good swinging gallop and what about you
	layer_2: we wet ad a git twein gallope and woal obeou you
	layer_4: wet went at a gid sweng gallop and what about you
	layer_6: we want at a good swin gallop and what about you
	layer_8: we went ot a good swing gallop and what about you
	layer_10: we went at a good swiging gallop and what about you
	layer_12: we went at a good swnging gallop and what about you

file: 8254-84205-0010.flac
expected: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_2: oi monly  let ta sti sti
	layer_4: oh a monly little stiff sti
	layer_6: oh im onlya little stiff still
	layer_8: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_10: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_12: oh i'm only a little stiff still

file: 8254-84205-0011.flac
expected: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_2: we shoawl get stran more quiok ly journing over the plains or climiyng in an ou amon the mountains
	layer_4: we showl get strong more quickly journing over the plains or climbing in an out amon the mountains
	layer_6: we shol get strong more quickly journeing over the plains or climbing in an out umon the mountains
	layer_8: we shall get strong more quickly journying over the plains or climbing in an ou among the mountains
	layer_10: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in an ou among the mountains
	layer_12: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in an oul among the mountains

file: 8254-84205-0012.flac
expected: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_2: he says were dstircce to morol at dabricke
	layer_4: he says were distirte to morrol at daybrik
	layer_6: he says were distart to morrol at daybreack
	layer_8: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_10: he says we'e to start to morrowl at daybreak
	layer_12: he says we're to start to morrowl at daybreak

file: 8254-84205-0013.flac
expected: hurrah cried chris
	layer_2: whor crudcss
	layer_4: hr cradkus
	layer_6: ur cradcus
	layer_8: hurra cried cus
	layer_10: hurrah cried chus
	layer_12: hurrah cried chus

file: 8254-84205-0014.flac
expected: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_2: but we shat my lad my noht
	layer_4: but we shat my lad my not
	layer_6: but we shat my lad why not
	layer_8: but we shat my lad why not
	layer_10: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_12: but we shan't my lad why not

file: 8254-84205-0015.flac
expected: because i've seen indians again
	layer_2: bexcuvs theen indianst again
	layer_4: becsets then indians again
	layer_6: becaustouts shen indiancs again
	layer_8: because ivs seen indians again
	layer_10: because i've seen indians again
	layer_12: because i've seen indians again

file: 8254-84205-0016.flac
expected: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_2: al youre alwis seeng indains again
	layer_4: oh your allw is sing indianse again
	layer_6: oh you'r always seing indians again
	layer_8: oh ou're always seeing indians again
	layer_10: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_12: oh you're always seeing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0017.flac
expected: well they showed themselves to me i didn't want them said griggs dryly
	layer_2: while the showe them fils to me i dan't waht them sicrex trailey
	layer_4: while they show them sells to me i dn't wat them sicriktrywly
	layer_6: whell they show themselvs to me i didn't wat them si crik strily
	layer_8: well they show themselves to me i didn't want them ci creik stryly
	layer_10: well they show themselves to me i didn't want them ci crix dryly
	layer_12: well they show themselves to me i didn't want them ci crix dryly

file: 8254-84205-0018.flac
expected: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe
	layer_2: dhern artful loht end ere been away at o i belece
	layer_4: thern artful lot ed weu'd beeng away it af i belice
	layer_6: thern artful lot ned woerd being away at all i beliese
	layer_8: the're an artful lot never being away at all i believe
	layer_10: they're an artful lot never being away at all i believe
	layer_12: they're an artful lot never being away at all i believe

file: 8254-84205-0019.flac
expected: we couldn't see em but if we'd made a start they'd have been close upon our heels directly
	layer_2: wecouldn't sem bo few med e state they had beeng close upon a he has dracktly
	layer_4: wecouldn't see im bo fre me o stared they had been close upon a heas direcktly
	layer_6: we couldn't see him boh foe me to start they had been close upon he heeos directly
	layer_8: we couldn't see im boh feme to start they had been close upon her heels directly
	layer_10: we couldn't see him boh foe me to start they had been close upon our heels directly
	layer_12: we couldn't see im boh fore me to start they had been close upon our heels directly

file: 8254-84205-0020.flac
expected: ah you'll have to trap them chris said ned maliciously
	layer_2: a you havd ed traphn cers sand ten miliciusly
	layer_4: ah you had to trape themakrs said en miliciusly
	layer_6: ah you have to trap thema cris said tend maliciously
	layer_8: ah you have to trap themuchrus said enne maliciously
	layer_10: ah youl have to trap them a cris said nann maliciously
	layer_12: ah you'llhave to trap them a chris said nenn maliciously

file: 8254-84205-0021.flac
expected: look here if you say that again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_2: loocerf hi sea t again we shal quar he aretnat grigs
	layer_4: look hereit his sa out again we shall quire here that griggs
	layer_6: look her if he sat out again we shall quarel here that griggs
	layer_8: look here if he say oat again we shall quarel hear that griggs
	layer_10: look here if he say hoat again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_12: look here if he say at again we shall quarrel hear that griggs

file: 8254-84205-0022.flac
expected: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_2: oh yes i here serv you wright
	layer_4: oh yes i here serfee rigte
	layer_6: oh yes i hear surfy right
	layer_8: oh yes i hear surfy wright
	layer_10: oh yes i hear serfy wright
	layer_12: oh yes i hear serfy wright

file: 8254-84205-0023.flac
expected: if you can't show us a better way you had better hold your tongue
	layer_2: is e can' shal ias a betteaway had better hodere tonu
	layer_4: its he can' sho us a bedte way e had better hold her tonue
	layer_6: if he can't show as a bett er way he had better hold her tonue
	layer_8: if he can't show us a better way he had better hold her tongue
	layer_10: if he can't show us a better way he had better hold her tongue
	layer_12: if he can't show us a better way he had better hold her tongue

file: 8254-84205-0024.flac
expected: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_2: beery wall i can do that sai nedt hotilly
	layer_4: bery well i can do that said ned hortily
	layer_6: very well i can do that said ned hattily
	layer_8: very well i can do that said ned heagtily
	layer_10: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_12: very well i can do that said ned haughtily

file: 8254-84205-0025.flac
expected: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_2: theyrae that's anough crred cruss ton' be so petti  ed
	layer_4: they ae that's anough cried cris don'tbe so petty ned
	layer_6: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_8: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_10: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_12: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned

file: 8254-84205-0026.flac
expected: that's right cried griggs
	layer_2: that sright cad ges
	layer_4: that s right cud gos
	layer_6: that's right cudgiots
	layer_8: that's right cudgigs
	layer_10: that's right cudgiks
	layer_12: that's right cudgiks

file: 8254-84205-0027.flac
expected: look here lads i've just been trying that place again
	layer_2: look youar lave of jrustping thryind that place again
	layer_4: look your laes of dust bing trying that place again
	layer_6: look your lads of dustbeing trying that place again
	layer_8: look our lads of dust being trying that place again
	layer_10: look yor lads of ust being trying that place again
	layer_12: look yor lads of just being trying that place again

file: 8254-84205-0028.flac
expected: any time the doctor likes
	layer_2: and he time the dact tor likes
	layer_4: and he time the dot tor likes
	layer_6: and he timed the docter likes
	layer_8: an y time the doctor likes
	layer_10: any time the doctor likes
	layer_12: any time the doctor likes

file: 8254-84205-0029.flac
expected: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_2: bein shoht up b i fellosthe bothan airow sounds bead enough but his no much riscer
	layer_4: being shot a by fellows thi bothin airo sound's bed enough but thes not much riscyere
	layer_6: being shot ap by fellows with both an arrow sounds bed enough but there's not much risk ere
	layer_8: being shot at by fellows with both and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk eer
	layer_10: being shot at by fellows with both and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_12: being shot at by fellows with both and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here

file: 8254-84205-0030.flac
expected: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_2: i don't know aabout that s e cres ancxiously
	layer_4: i don't know about that sacris anxiously
	layer_6: i don't know about that sachris anxiously
	layer_8: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_10: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_12: i don't know about that said chris anxiously

file: 8254-84205-0031.flac
expected: don't you well i do
	layer_2: don'to whi idi
	layer_4: don't yo will i do
	layer_6: don't you well i do
	layer_8: don't you whell i do
	layer_10: don't you well i do
	layer_12: don't you whell i do

file: 8254-84205-0032.flac
expected: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_2: i should beu rang fatt and darging in ano amon the rock an chres
	layer_4: i should be ranning fast and darging in anout amon the rocks and chees
	layer_6: i should be running fast and darging in an out among the rocks and chees
	layer_8: i should be rnning fast and dorging in and out among the rocks and chees
	layer_10: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks an chrees
	layer_12: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks an chrees

file: 8254-84205-0033.flac
expected: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_2: buthe enyby wont be stanng stil coultinued grgs
	layer_4: but the enebi wen't be standing stilk continued grugs
	layer_6: but the eneby won't be standing still continued grugs
	layer_8: but the enemby won't be standing still continued gruggs
	layer_10: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_12: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs

file: 8254-84205-0034.flac
expected: i don't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_2: ant believe this bitte riusk for me i shall be alr id
	layer_4: aun't believe this a bitte risk for me i shall be all riede
	layer_6: aun't believe thir's abit ar risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_8: aun't believe there's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_10: aunt believe there's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_12: aun't believe there's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right

file: 8254-84205-0035.flac
expected: but our animals will be well back in that hollow said chris
	layer_2: but ait anamos tol be will back in thai hol sichress
	layer_4: but it animos wold be welt back ine theit whole sidchris
	layer_6: but at animals woul be welle back in theit whole said chris
	layer_8: but e animals will be well back in ther hole said chris
	layer_10: but e animals will be well back in their hole said chris
	layer_12: but te animals will be well back in their hole said chris

file: 8254-84205-0036.flac
expected: yes my lad but i want them to be planted farther back still
	layer_2: yes mi lad but a want them to be plineted for the backsfill
	layer_4: yes milad but i want them to be plinted forthe back fill
	layer_6: yes milad but i want them to be planted for the backpill
	layer_8: yes mylad but i want them to be planted for the backs vill
	layer_10: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for ther backs fhill
	layer_12: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for their backs phille

file: 8254-84205-0037.flac
expected: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_2: and he frat father was saytof the ponts ouge to be close at hand
	layer_4: ind afraid father wls say that the polies aought to be close that hand
	layer_6: am afraid father wil say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_8: a'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_10: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_12: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand

file: 8254-84205-0038.flac
expected: yes that's right if it can be done but it would go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who set it
	layer_2: yes that straigt if a cam be don but lill go hard rethus all of the indgianscyve up the ba of the crap und turne upon those who seid it
	layer_4: yes that stright if it can be done but i'll go hard wi hus all of the indian scave up the bay of the trap and tuned upon those who said it
	layer_6: yes that'stright if it can be done but i wll go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bay of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_8: yes that's right if it can be done but i will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bate of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_10: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bay of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_12: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bay of the trap and turned upon those who said it

file: 8254-84205-0039.flac
expected: well you must talk it over with father said chris
	layer_2: whell ou must tukit a roith father sicress
	layer_4: whel you must talk it to rou with father sicris
	layer_6: well you must talk it a ru ith fatherin sicris
	layer_8: well you must talk it arue ith father in sicris
	layer_10: well you must talk it orue with father and sicris
	layer_12: well you must talk it orue with father and sichris

file: 8254-84205-0040.flac
expected: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_2: to many retskins thabout as i told ou
	layer_4: to many redskins thabout as i told you
	layer_6: to many retskins about as i told you
	layer_8: to many redskins about as i told you
	layer_10: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_12: too many redskins about as i told you

file: 8254-84205-0041.flac
expected: there are always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_2: there alwas to manye readg skins about craedchrisepitienly
	layer_4: there always to many redgto skins about cried chricimpitiently
	layer_6: theyre always too many redge the skins about cried chrisimpatiently
	layer_8: there always too many regeth skins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_10: ther're always too many regskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_12: ther're always too many regskins about cried chris impatiently

file: 8254-84205-0042.flac
expected: i wish we could charge them boldly and send them flying over the plains
	layer_2: i washou could chares them boltias nd them flyinge over the plains
	layer_4: i wis se could chireo them bollius ind them flying over the plains
	layer_6: i wish whet could charge them bollia send them flying over the plans
	layer_8: i wish we could charge them bolly as sent them flying over the plains
	layer_10: i wish we could charge them boldly as send them flying over the plains
	layer_12: i wish we could charge them boldly as send them flying over the plains

file: 8254-84205-0043.flac
expected: never to come back again said ned sharply
	layer_2: ne ere to come pcke a gei said nhand sharupy
	layer_4: never to come back a gain said nen sharbly
	layer_6: never to come back again said nen sharbly
	layer_8: never to come back again said nen sharply
	layer_10: never to come back again said nen sharply
	layer_12: never to come back again said nen sharply

file: 8254-84205-0044.flac
expected: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game
	layer_2: not quite my lade don to see that wreplayng af er retick lishging
	layer_4: not quite my lads don'to see that were plaing of ver rytiok lesh gane
	layer_6: not quite my lads don't you see that were playing o very tick lesh gan
	layer_8: not quie my lads don'tyou see that we're playing a very ticklush gam
	layer_10: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very tricklash game
	layer_12: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very tricklash game

file: 8254-84205-0045.flac
expected: just then the doctor came into the shelter where the boys had been talking bringing with him wilton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_2: trst then the dactr cam to the shu der with e boyce haveing talking bring with han waton labin shooding rather tringd to shot fre  had had no sesess and they to were talking arnesly baut ways a s
	layer_4: drest then the dartercame  to the shauder with the boys haven talking bring with them waton holebin shooting orather tring to shoot for he had had no suscess and they two were talking earnestly aftaut ways an mes
	layer_6: drustd then the doctr camein to the sheuder with a boys hav been talking bring with him wolton who uvbiyn shooting or ather trying to shoot for he had had no suscess and they too were talking earnestly about ways and kneavs
	layer_8: just then the doctr came into the sheuter with te boys have been talking bring with him warton who hae ben shooting orather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and kneaes
	layer_10: just then the doctor came into the shelter with the boys have been talking bringing with him whurton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and knees
	layer_12: just then the doctor came into the shelter with the boys have been talking bringing with him whorton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and knees

file: 8254-84205-0046.flac
expected: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_2: oh er yo ork greges prad the dacter
	layer_4: oh huaryoar grigs cred the doctor
	layer_6: oh hereyor briggs crid the doctor
	layer_8: oh here york briggs cried the doctor
	layer_10: oh here yare griggs cried the doctor
	layer_12: oh here yare griggs cried the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0047.flac
expected: had a good turn at scouting yes sir
	layer_2: hada good toun e scolutding yes stir
	layer_4: had a good tounascouting yes sir
	layer_6: had a good turn escouti yes sir
	layer_8: had a good turn e scouting yes sir
	layer_10: had a good turn of scouting yes sir
	layer_12: had a good turn of scouting yes sir

file: 8254-84205-0048.flac
expected: the indians have shifted their quarters and they're in about as awkward a position as they could contrive for our purpose
	layer_2: the indiains afe shipte the corters and theyiri in the bout is o curd appossicion as ley could contrive fou a perpos
	layer_4: the indiance have shipte the cuarters and theye it in the bot as acqurd a position as ly could contrye fou of purpose
	layer_6: the indians have shippted the quarters and there in the bout as ilkquard a position thas twe could contrie foror purpose
	layer_8: the indians have shipted thei quarters and theyre in the bow lass alkward a position as they could contrie for our purpose
	layer_10: the indians have shifted their quarters and they are in the bow as alkward a position as they could contrive for our purpose
	layer_12: the indians have shifted their quarters and they are in the bow as alkward a position as the could contrive for our purpose

file: 8254-84205-0049.flac
expected: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_2: e must get away from hear to some good hunting ground
	layer_4: e must get away from her to some good hunting ground
	layer_6: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_8: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_10: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_12: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground

file: 8254-84205-0050.flac
expected: do the indians seem to be camping or only on the move
	layer_2: o the indiarn sink to be camthinmg or onwy ontemos
	layer_4: to the indian sink to be canphing or only on ther mos
	layer_6: to the indian sing to be caphing or only on the mooves
	layer_8: do the indians sing to be cemthing or only on the moves
	layer_10: do the indian sink to be cemping or only on the moves
	layer_12: do the indian sink to be cemping or only on the moves

file: 8254-84205-0051.flac
expected: they seem to me to be hatching up some dodge or another replied griggs
	layer_2: thie seemed to me to bhe hatn ofpsom  doargr another in pdrigs
	layer_4: the seemed to me to be haching up some darger another an replied grigs
	layer_6: thi seemed to me to be hatching up some darger another andreplied grigs
	layer_8: this seemed to me to be hatching up some darger another ind replied griggs
	layer_10: this seemed to me to be hatching up some darger another replied griggs
	layer_12: this seemed to me to be hatching up some darger another replied griggs

file: 8254-84205-0052.flac
expected: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_2: then he began to olk u been downsfoly evldantla deep en thought
	layer_4: then he began to walk up and downsefolly eveidntly deep ind thought
	layer_6: then he began to walk up and downsfollly evidently deep en thought
	layer_8: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deepen thought
	layer_10: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_12: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought

file: 8254-84205-0053.flac
expected: there he said i've made up my mind
	layer_2: there he said ''s made uf ly mine
	layer_4: there he said as made of y mind
	layer_6: there he said as made of my mind
	layer_8: there he said as made of my mind
	layer_10: there he said has made of my mind
	layer_12: there he said has made of my mind

file: 8254-84205-0054.flac
expected: it is very evident that we may wait here till our stores are exhausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_2: it is mery evidant that we may waeit heher tor stors ixsosed and be as far of thught poetunido wy sek useveren
	layer_4: it is mery evident that we may wait heare tour stores iesosbed and be as far off theour portunito we sek as evern
	layer_6: it is marry evident that we may wait here touou storeas ie sostbid and be as far off theo opportunity we seek as evern
	layer_8: it is mery evident that we may wait here to our store as iexhasted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as evern
	layer_10: it is mery evident that we may wait here til our store is exasted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as evern
	layer_12: it is mery evident that we may wait here til our store is exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as evern

file: 8254-84205-0055.flac
expected: the indians can wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_2: the in ais cellet we cannot and thasing o mowit
	layer_4: the indians kellwaid we cannot and thea sem to know it
	layer_6: the indians calwit we cannot and they seemed to know it
	layer_8: the indians callweite we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_10: the indians calwade we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_12: the indians calwade we cannot and they seem to know it

file: 8254-84205-0056.flac
expected: going to give up young chris's plan said griggs slowly
	layer_2: ghoin tocgive ut younprices pline sid pry x s ploly
	layer_4: go ing to give up youncris's plined sit peicsplolly
	layer_6: going to give up youngchriss's planed said pirexlowly
	layer_8: going to give up youn crisses planed said perexe slowly
	layer_10: going to give up youncris's plane said peeckes slowly
	layer_12: going to give up youncris's planed said peces slowly

file: 8254-84205-0057.flac
expected: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night
	layer_2: no 'nm gon to put t n force ou once we stt to night
	layer_4: no i'nm going to put it aforce aut once we stot to night
	layer_6: no i'm going to put it nforce out once we stot to night
	layer_8: no i'm going to put it and force at once we start to night
	layer_10: no i'm going to put it and force at once we start to night
	layer_12: no i'm going to put it and force at once we start to night

file: 8254-84205-0058.flac
expected: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_2: the a ther samd we con be naking u hepartions
	layer_4: but other same we can be naking u preparitions
	layer_6: but other same we can be naking u preparations
	layer_8: but al ther sane we can be making our preparitions
	layer_10: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_12: but all the same we can be making our preparations

file: 8254-84205-0059.flac
expected: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle
	layer_2: the barels conmtee f td water and everyones pot i
	layer_4: the barws can mepudd wougter and every one's pottele
	layer_6: the barrels can be potdwuld water and every one's bottle
	layer_8: the barrels can be flolt wit water and every one's bottle
	layer_10: the barrels can be flled with water and everyone's bottle
	layer_12: the barrels can be flred with water and every one's bottle

file: 8254-84205-0060.flac
expected: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_2: oelisions canbe pact in ou wal its ae fact e erything holwl ready for sturct
	layer_4: pelisions can be pac in o wallets hefat everything holready for r start
	layer_6: prelitions can be packed in nour wallet he hat everything helready for he start
	layer_8: polisions can be packhed in our wallets i fact everything helready for a start
	layer_10: prolisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything hel ready for a start
	layer_12: prolisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything hell ready for a start

file: 8254-84205-0061.flac
expected: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_2: finely ju set thuas te anamost canbee drovidencs werftern water and
	layer_4: finally jus ept thusk the animos can be drividence were fouthern water and
	layer_6: finally just at thusk the animost can be drivedence for foodern water and
	layer_8: finally just at dusk the animals can be drived ine for food and water and
	layer_10: finally just at thusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_12: finally just at thusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and

file: 8254-84205-0062.flac
expected: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_2: excacli re plyd the doctr
	layer_4: excactlye replad the doctor
	layer_6: exactlys replied the doctor
	layer_8: exactlys replied the doctor
	layer_10: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_12: exactly replied the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0063.flac
expected: but before any more is said griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_2: but befor any more eas staitcgigs ow anht to ofteryo the opportunity yo drobac
	layer_4: but befor any more a set grigs o agt to offerou the opportunity to draw b ack
	layer_6: but before any more osei griggs i waught to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_8: but before any more arseigriggs i ought to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_10: but before any more ar serigriggs i wanht to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_12: but before any more a serigriggs i wanht to offer you the opportunity to draw back

file: 8254-84205-0064.flac
expected: what for said griggs sharply
	layer_2: wit for sid goov sarplin
	layer_4: wilt for said grof shrerpling
	layer_6: whill for said grove shirplin
	layer_8: wheill fort said grove sharpling
	layer_10: whill ford said grove sharplin
	layer_12: whill for said grove sharplyn

file: 8254-84205-0065.flac
expected: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_2: lot a bi of it sir a'm cin to tak are thidont het meg
	layer_4: not a bit of it sir i'm coing to take chare the don't hid me
	layer_6: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hi me
	layer_8: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hi me
	layer_10: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_12: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care f they don't hit me

file: 8254-84205-0066.flac
expected: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the redskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_2: i wen o do have bit to carriyout young prisis plan as shoud up the reskins for a we krter praps om monh hill wbe get riht away
	layer_4: i wen to do a bit to carry out young crisus plan as shout up the reskins for awegrtur perhaps a month will we get right away
	layer_6: i men to do a bit to carry out young chriss's plan as shut up the reskins for a wekeratur perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_8: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chrise's plan and shut up the rescins for a week rture perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_10: i men to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the ruscuins for a week ratur perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_12: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the ruscins for a week ratur perhaps a month while we get right away

file: 8254-84205-0067.flac
expected: there is a horrible side to it griggs
	layer_2: there is the horble sitete gigs
	layer_4: there is he horble siturat gigs
	layer_6: there is the horribl citerte biggs
	layer_8: there is he horrible citric bigs
	layer_10: there is the horrible citeric pigs
	layer_12: there is the horrible citeric pigs

file: 8254-84205-0068.flac
expected: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_2: wuld be s e let tem git the betterfas sir
	layer_4: would be is re let them get the better fa sir
	layer_6: would be if we let them get the better fus sir
	layer_8: would be if we let them get the bette ofor us sir
	layer_10: would be if we let them get the better ofor us sir
	layer_12: would be if we let them get the better for us sir

file: 8254-84205-0069.flac
expected: you mean the shutting up the enemy here to starve
	layer_2: wyeu mean the sheuvting up the ane e tur di stars
	layer_4: you mean the shutding up the enemihyar distars
	layer_6: you mean the shotting up the enemy here toi stars
	layer_8: you mean the shotding up the enemy here doi stars
	layer_10: you mean the shoving up the enemy here dto stars
	layer_12: you mean the shoving up the enemy here to stars

file: 8254-84205-0070.flac
expected: ejaculated griggs so sharply that the boys started serve em right if they did sir
	layer_2: he jackeda cringts so sharbpli o the boice tarted srzrem righ of ti didsir
	layer_4: e jacclita crings so sharply that the boycessdarded sirvam right if bhe did sir
	layer_6: ejaculateed crigs so sharply tha the boy started servem right ife bhey did sir
	layer_8: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boy started ser hm right if they did sir
	layer_10: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boy started serv em right if they did sir
	layer_12: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boy started serv em right if they did sir

file: 8254-84205-0071.flac
expected: what business have they to want our scalps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_2: wat busan s hav they o won er scol wut we tsion an shut thmupt hi stoue
	layer_4: what busncs hade they dto onor sku wut e shald in shet them up to tav
	layer_6: what busins hade they do hane our skulps wbut we shouldn't shut them up to starv
	layer_8: what business had they to whont our sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_10: what business had they to whan or sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_12: what business had they to whan or sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve

file: 8254-84205-0072.flac
expected: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a week
	layer_2: thet have weeks of work be for the could get thei horses utp thut with hou horses tibe out en ne wake
	layer_4: le'd have weeks of work before the could get their horses ot but withou horses thiy by outin a wak
	layer_6: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in awake
	layer_8: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake
	layer_10: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake
	layer_12: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake

file: 8254-84205-0073.flac
expected: starve nonsense
	layer_2: star non sense
	layer_4: star nonicense
	layer_6: star anot sense
	layer_8: starv nonesense
	layer_10: starve nonssense
	layer_12: starve nonssense

file: 8254-84205-0074.flac
expected: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen
	layer_2: but there i don' anto mexe pechunes i shaust fedtle dintiman
	layer_4: but there i don't wat o mee peeches it holse fidtle genteman
	layer_6: but there i don't want to mek speeches it's aw settle genteman
	layer_8: but there i don't wanto meak speeches it's all settle gentlmen
	layer_10: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen
	layer_12: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all fettle gentlemen

file: 8254-84205-0075.flac
expected: but you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off
	layer_2: wu youe got to te the laok at withs comeg ofh
	layer_4: wu you god to tother look out withs come off
	layer_6: wat youvegot to tether look out withs coming off
	layer_8: what you've got to tether lookout wats coming off
	layer_10: what you've got to tel the lookout what's coming off
	layer_12: what you've got to tel the lookout what's coming off

file: 8254-84205-0076.flac
expected: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful indian scout that there is something on the way
	layer_2: now every orne undestand that he as foi be redy with ut shallne any washe fo indinscout that thers something on the wayt
	layer_4: now everyone understand that he is tol be ready withthoat shallne any washed fot in dinsgout that there is something on the wer
	layer_6: now everyone understand that he is tol be ready withaut shille any washfo in dinsgout that there is something on the wear
	layer_8: now everyone understand that he is to be ready without shelwing any washfoot and dinscout that there is something on the way
	layer_10: now everyone understands that he is to be ready without showing any washfoot and din scaut that there is something on the way
	layer_12: now everyone understands that he is to be ready without showing any washfoot an dinscaut that there is something on the way

file: 4515-11057-0000.flac
expected: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_2: yet sio stron was the effect apon him of contonpliting a lage fortiungim that in despite of vareason and dersir he lived in ege expectation of the worrd which should my cam rich
	layer_4: yet so stron was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunom that in despite o vreason and isir he lived in eage expectation of the word which should ma cimrich
	layer_6: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the woord which should mak him rich
	layer_8: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_10: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_12: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich

file: 4515-11057-0001.flac
expected: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_2: apart of that imperession was ju to the ingagement which he must nouful fiel
	layer_4: a part of that imperession was ju to the engagement which he must nwtful fiel
	layer_6: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must nawfulfiel
	layer_8: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfiel
	layer_10: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_12: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil

file: 4515-11057-0002.flac
expected: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_2: to shulful out of this jute wouldh migke  him towu ig noble evin in his on  yese
	layer_4: to shufld out of this juty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_6: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignobled even in his own eyes
	layer_8: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_10: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_12: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes

file: 4515-11057-0003.flac
expected: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_2: because in his sellwed dyse ha dallied with a gil whoo had in deed may chas step bystep he had come to the necessitiy of sacrifacig his prosspicts to that rar attachment
	layer_4: because in his sallod days he dallied with a girld who had indeed many chals step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that wraw attachment
	layer_6: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charlves stepe by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rawr attachment
	layer_8: because in his salard days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roar attachment
	layer_10: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roar attachment
	layer_12: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roar attachment

file: 4515-11057-0004.flac
expected: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park
	layer_2: in i ble to think o wrk he left the houseand waonbed plumally about ragenspak
	layer_4: an i bl to think of work he left the house and wande blumily about regiencspok
	layer_6: unible to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regian'spark
	layer_8: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regents park
	layer_10: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park
	layer_12: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park

file: 4515-11057-0005.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fate's instrument
	layer_2: he helt himself il used by destiny a verefor by mauwniad ho was fights instromet
	layer_4: he sfhelt himself ill used by destiny and therfore by marniod who was faihtes instrumate
	layer_6: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fates instrument
	layer_8: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marrion who was fats instrument
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marrion who was fate's instrument
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marrion who was fate's instrument

file: 4515-11057-0006.flac
expected: he wrote to marian
	layer_2: he rightd to mowinghn
	layer_4: he writed to maringhim
	layer_6: he wriped to marry him
	layer_8: he write to marriham
	layer_10: he write to marriham
	layer_12: he write to marriham

file: 4515-11057-0007.flac
expected: will you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_2: whel you let ley her orh com in seemeg
	layer_4: whiel you let me hea or comeon seeming
	layer_6: whill you let me here or come and seeming
	layer_8: whelnl you let me heare or come and see meg
	layer_10: whilnl you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_12: whinl you let me hear or come and see me

file: 4515-11057-0008.flac
expected: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kill himself
	layer_2: i scarcely thought ave bifen has mighkely to kill himself
	layer_4: i scarcely thought have biffin as lightly to kinn himself
	layer_6: i scarcely thought of beffen as likely to ki himself
	layer_8: i scarcely thought of beffon as likely to kin himself
	layer_10: i scarcely thought of biffin as likely to kin himself
	layer_12: i scarcely thought of biffin as likely to kinl himself

file: 4515-11057-0009.flac
expected: but why the deuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_2: but woy tha che stid he gon all the y y hou ther
	layer_4: but woy that justed he gont all the wa hout there
	layer_6: but wy that jeus did he go all the wayout there
	layer_8: but why the jewcse did he go all the way out there
	layer_10: but why the dews did he go all the way out there
	layer_12: but why the dews did he go all the way out there

file: 4515-11057-0010.flac
expected: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_2: i hap o wud bre me sunns
	layer_4: i hapd yo woultd brinmis sannese
	layer_6: i hoped you would bring me so news
	layer_8: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_10: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_12: i hoped you would bring me some news

file: 4515-11057-0011.flac
expected: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_2: povhety oi caninly suppoise
	layer_4: povhety yi can omly suppose
	layer_6: poverty ui can only suppose
	layer_8: povertyy i can only suppose
	layer_10: poverty  i can only suppose
	layer_12: poverty i can only suppose

file: 4515-11057-0012.flac
expected: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_2: but i wil se weok day i had' come ocross biffn for o lon time
	layer_4: but i will see welpdawl i hadn't come across biffin for a long time
	layer_6: but i will see welpdaw i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_8: but i will see welpdal i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_10: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_12: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffon for a long time

file: 4515-11057-0013.flac
expected: was he still so very poor
	layer_2: his he sti sa nary po
	layer_4: whils he still so meary poor
	layer_6: whilse he still so mary poor
	layer_8: wilst he still so mery poor
	layer_10: whist he still so very poor
	layer_12: whas he still so very poor

file: 4515-11057-0014.flac
expected: asked amy compassionately
	layer_2: asked amy compassionoly
	layer_4: asked amy compassionately
	layer_6: asked imy compassionately
	layer_8: asked imi compassionately
	layer_10: asked imee compassionately
	layer_12: asked imee compassionately

file: 4515-11057-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_2: i m afried si his book fald utterly
	layer_4: iam afraid so his book failed uttely
	layer_6: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_8: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_10: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_12: i am afraid so his book failed utterly

file: 4515-11057-0016.flac
expected: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_2: o if  had a magind him still in suchd distress sually i migt have ton something to herp he
	layer_4: oh if i had amagened him still in such destress surely i might have don something to hephum
	layer_6: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_8: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_10: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_12: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him

file: 4515-11057-0017.flac
expected: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_2: perchanc his death was impart aribitable to that hople slove
	layer_4: perchance his death was impart atributable to that hopeless love
	layer_6: perchance his death was impart a tributable to that hopeless love
	layer_8: perchance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_10: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_12: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love

file: 4515-11057-0018.flac
expected: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_2: he sent me a copy of his nobl she said and i sway him once towysaf ter tha
	layer_4: he sent me a copy of his noble she said and i sawy him once or towycsaf ter that
	layer_6: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_8: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_10: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_12: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that

file: 4515-11057-0019.flac
expected: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_2: having this subject to conversupom put the swo ware quickly at eased than could other wase have beeng the case
	layer_4: having this subject o converse upon put the twoo more quickly at eas than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_6: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at eas than could otherwairse have been the case
	layer_8: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwiise have been the case
	layer_10: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_12: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case

file: 4515-11057-0020.flac
expected: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women
	layer_2: a me mit take ar formost place anung britly witrd
	layer_4: amy miht take a formost place amung brily wimen
	layer_6: amie might take a foremost place among brildiam women
	layer_8: amy might take a foremost place among brildiam women
	layer_10: amy might take a foremost place among brillian women
	layer_12: amy might take a foremost place among brillian women

file: 4515-11057-0021.flac
expected: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_2: aspecialy nowthrt her fathe rhis thria with blinness
	layer_4: especially now that her father esthreaed with blinness
	layer_6: especially now that her father is threated with blindness
	layer_8: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_10: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_12: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness

file: 4515-11057-0022.flac
expected: is it so serious
	layer_2: it it soseurious
	layer_4: is it soserious
	layer_6: is it so serious
	layer_8: is it so serious
	layer_10: is it so serious
	layer_12: is it so serious

file: 4515-11057-0023.flac
expected: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_2: aeven if mistr gour recoverse his site it is not ae al likeling that he will be able to wor as befor
	layer_4: even if mister yurl recover's his sit at is not at all likelyng that he will be able to workpas before
	layer_6: even if mister yel recovers his sight it is not at all likelin that he will be able to work as before
	layer_8: even if mister yel recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_10: even if mister hil recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_12: even if mister he recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before

file: 4515-11057-0024.flac
expected: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_2: ad difficuofis aso grae that
	layer_4: a difficualties a so grayve that
	layer_6: a difficulties are so grave that
	layer_8: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_10: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_12: our difficulties are so grave that

file: 4515-11057-0025.flac
expected: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_2: he ased and lave his hand fil dispobdetly
	layer_4: he pased and lat his hand fil dispodently
	layer_6: he paused and let his hand fale despodently
	layer_8: he paused and led his hand fel despodently
	layer_10: he paused and let his hand fil despondently
	layer_12: he paused and let his hand fil despondently

file: 4515-11057-0026.flac
expected: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_2: i have a good deal of will you erememper and what i have set my mi tupon kno daut i shal some di a chafe
	layer_4: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my myd tupon no dout i shall some daia chieve
	layer_6: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some dae achief
	layer_8: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_10: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_12: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve

file: 4515-11057-0027.flac
expected: there was silence
	layer_2: tere was solu
	layer_4: theye was silens
	layer_6: there were silene
	layer_8: there ware silence
	layer_10: there was silence
	layer_12: there was silence

file: 4515-11057-0028.flac
expected: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_2: the las three es hi continiued have myght kno slight differntc id my position
	layer_4: the last three yes he continuned have might no slight difference in my position
	layer_6: the last three yeas he continued have maht no slight difference in my position
	layer_8: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_10: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_12: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position

file: 4515-11057-0029.flac
expected: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_2: recol were i stood when hye first emin
	layer_4: recal where i stood when yu first neuming
	layer_6: recall where i stood when you first ne me
	layer_8: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_10: recall where i stood when yeu first knew me
	layer_12: recall where i stood when ye first knew me

file: 4515-11057-0030.flac
expected: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_2: just nat ia myd nad if a liflingcorratuent
	layer_4: just nawwi  ma naed of a liftlingcourgment
	layer_6: just now i am a nad of a little encouragment
	layer_8: just now i am a nate of a little encouragement
	layer_10: just now i am in nate of a little encouragement
	layer_12: just now i am in nate of a little encouragement

file: 4515-11057-0031.flac
expected: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_2: ye don't natous any falling of id my bor craseently
	layer_4: yo don't notus any falling off hed my bworkcreacently
	layer_6: you don't notice any falling offed my work recently
	layer_8: you don't notice any falling off it my work recently
	layer_10: you don't notice any falling of in my work recently
	layer_12: you don't notice any falling of in my work recently

file: 4515-11057-0032.flac
expected: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_2: doyou se y hings in the cart and so o generally
	layer_4: do you se my things in the cart and so o generally
	layer_6: do you see my things in the curnt and so on generally
	layer_8: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_10: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_12: do you see my things in the current and so on generally

file: 4515-11057-0033.flac
expected: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_2: somtims i beleave have dteteging wet then was no sicechur
	layer_4: sometimes i believe i have detectegou when there was no sigkniture
	layer_6: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_8: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_10: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_12: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature

file: 4515-11057-0034.flac
expected: her story in that girls paper has attracted attention
	layer_2: er storing  that girls pyipar has actractedattantion
	layer_4: her storing in tat girls pipe has attracted attantion
	layer_6: her storing in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_8: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_10: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_12: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention

file: 4515-11057-0035.flac
expected: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_2: and i could so easily pot hert rest fi renountcing all claime apon her
	layer_4: and i could so easily put her  rest by renouncing all claime upon r her
	layer_6: and i could so easily put her a rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_8: and i could so easily put her a rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_10: and i could so easily put her rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_12: and i could so easily put her rest by renouncing all claim upon her

file: 4515-11057-0036.flac
expected: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_2: y sur mys thit that yu yourself woiuld all si be put ort rest by such u decesion
	layer_4: i surmys that that you yourself would allsi be put o rest by such a decesion
	layer_6: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rast by such a decesion
	layer_8: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_10: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_12: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision

file: 4515-11057-0037.flac
expected: don't look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_2: jim lilok at me with hat u rounicol smir he pleaeted
	layer_4: jinme wlilok at me with that ironical smi he pleded
	layer_6: jianet look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_8: jiant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_10: jihant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_12: jiant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded

file: 4515-11057-0038.flac
expected: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_2: i couldn't gobe out the claring that i was hear er acan in anyg of it i must be k onten for paople to judgh ne accolrding to va disposition and judghmen suf pritty sure to be yount fi rple what cal i do
	layer_4: i couldn't go about the clearing than i was heart bokan in any of i i must bekcontent for people to judge me according to ver disposition and judgments of pretty sure to beyund faerable what can i do
	layer_6: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart broken in any o et i must be contempt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments af pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_8: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be contemnt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_10: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_12: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do

file: 4515-11057-0039.flac
expected: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_2: the casis to delicat i feer for m and vice
	layer_4: the casis too delicate i fear for my avice
	layer_6: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_8: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_10: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_12: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice

file: 4515-11057-0040.flac
expected: well i'll go back to my scribbling
	layer_2: well i'l ga bec to my scriply
	layer_4: well i'll ga bac to my scriply
	layer_6: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_8: well i'll go back to my scriptly
	layer_10: well i'll go back to my scripl
	layer_12: well i'll go back to my scriply

file: 4515-11057-0041.flac
expected: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_2: i gaimn jest the help thef vit softaind for a su parfleus manent
	layer_4: igam jast be held the ight softained for a superfluess miment
	layer_6: again jaspeheld the wight soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_8: again jasper held the wighte soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_10: again jasper held the wighte soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_12: again jasper held the wighte soft hand for a superfluous moment

file: 4515-11057-0042.flac
expected: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_2: yet for such fieelings he repoched himself and the reporrach mant in angry
	layer_4: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reporoaech maind him angry
	layer_6: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reprach made him angry
	layer_8: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_10: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_12: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry

file: 4515-11057-0043.flac
expected: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_2: marin could notnestake thy ar of resles s trouble on her companion slive counnents
	layer_4: marion could not mestakethe hear of restless trouble on her companion slote countnance
	layer_6: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion smooth countenance
	layer_8: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_10: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_12: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance

file: 4515-11057-0044.flac
expected: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she had approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_2: she had divind that there was sune grayv ereason for this sunence and the panting with which she approached was half asd by the enxious peekts of her hart
	layer_4: she had divind that there was somne grave reason for this suens and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beets of her heart
	layer_6: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this sunns and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_8: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this sums and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_10: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summns and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_12: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summns and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart

file: 4515-11057-0045.flac
expected: he began abruptly
	layer_2: he be gan a broucdty
	layer_4: he began abrokty
	layer_6: he began abroptly
	layer_8: he began abruptly
	layer_10: he began abruptly
	layer_12: he began abruptly

file: 4515-11057-0046.flac
expected: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_2: he gave her such detous as he had omtaint then added
	layer_4: he gave her such detows as he had obtaint ben added
	layer_6: he gave her such detows as he had obtained then added
	layer_8: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_10: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_12: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added

file: 4515-11057-0047.flac
expected: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_2: therer two of mike am panions fol on in the battl
	layer_4: there re two of mike am panions follen in the battle
	layer_6: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_8: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_10: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_12: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle

file: 4515-11057-0048.flac
expected: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what
	layer_2: i oughto think myself a luckiy felli main wat
	layer_4: i ought to think myself a lucky fellyi marriy what
	layer_6: i ought to think myself a lucky felio marria what
	layer_8: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marria what
	layer_10: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marrian what
	layer_12: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marrian what

file: 4515-11057-0049.flac
expected: you are better fitted to fight your way jasper
	layer_2: you wrd bet ea fritted to fighnet your wy jasper
	layer_4: you ware betterfritten to fight yourway jeste
	layer_6: you are better fiten to fight your way jestar
	layer_8: you ware better fitt int to fight your way jaspa
	layer_10: you were better flitan to fight your way jasper
	layer_12: you ware better fritan to fight your way jaspar

file: 4515-11057-0050.flac
expected: more of a brute you mean
	layer_2: mor af a bre eithen
	layer_4: mor of a bret ithing
	layer_6: nor of a briht ive
	layer_8: mor of a brit ivin
	layer_10: mor of a briteivin
	layer_12: mor of a brite ivin

file: 4515-11057-0051.flac
expected: you know very well i don't
	layer_2: he a knowa veryng well i dined
	layer_4: he had know very well i dianet
	layer_6: heard kno very well i dond
	layer_8: he know very well i don't
	layer_10: her know very well i don't
	layer_12: yer know very well i don't

file: 4515-11057-0052.flac
expected: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_2: i have mighdt ave my mnd aveyout arefas he wein torm presently
	layer_4: i have madt ae my mind a out ar apharce he weintorm presently
	layer_6: i have made up my mind about or affairs he wentom presently
	layer_8: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_10: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_12: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently

file: 4515-11057-0053.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: ges
	layer_4: ges
	layer_6: ges
	layer_8: ges
	layer_10: gss
	layer_12: gess

file: 4515-11057-0054.flac
expected: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_2: will youmarryly and lit us taket chans
	layer_4: will you marry my and let us tike yir chance
	layer_6: will you marry me and let us take your chaince
	layer_8: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_10: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_12: will you marry me and let us take your chance

file: 4515-11057-0055.flac
expected: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_2: you feelyourself indespensible tyouof fathera present
	layer_4: you feel yourself indispensible to your father at present
	layer_6: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_8: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_10: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_12: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present

file: 4515-11057-0056.flac
expected: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_2: i should be somva frand of the fect upon his health jesper
	layer_4: i should be so fraindt of the effect upon his health jaspe
	layer_6: i should be so afraind of the effect upon his health jaspe
	layer_8: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jaspa
	layer_10: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jaspa
	layer_12: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jaspa

file: 4515-11057-0057.flac
expected: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_2: she pased and looked ape hi tuching y
	layer_4: she paused and looked uppet himtouchinga
	layer_6: she paused and looked up at him touchinglay
	layer_8: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_10: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_12: she paused and looked up at him touchingly

file: 4515-11057-0058.flac
expected: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind
	layer_2: diyur i ca't feelit would be my juty to rnaows she because my father had become bloigt
	layer_4: dee i can't feel it would be my duty to rnouts he because my father had become blid
	layer_6: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to nouce hu because my father had become blid
	layer_8: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to rennounce you because my father had become blihtde
	layer_10: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blitde
	layer_12: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blitde

file: 4515-11057-0059.flac
expected: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_2: has one thing acure to you
	layer_4: has one thing accur to you
	layer_6: has one thing occur to you
	layer_8: has one thing occured to you
	layer_10: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_12: has one thing occurred to you

file: 4515-11057-0060.flac
expected: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus milvain
	layer_2: will he could sent to receive in alonce for  person whos name is misses noa flyh
	layer_4: will he couln sent to receive in alouncs for a person whose name is missus no vy
	layer_6: will he con sent to receive in allowance from a person whose name is missus nalvate
	layer_8: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_10: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_12: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain

file: 4515-11057-0061.flac
expected: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_2: and if he ogstrnetly refses what thn what his before hem
	layer_4: and if he obstinately refuses what then what his before him
	layer_6: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_8: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_10: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_12: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him

file: 4515-11057-0062.flac
expected: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_2: she list in h anxioustlin and dreflected
	layer_4: she listened the anxiously and reflected
	layer_6: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_8: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_10: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_12: she listened anxiously and reflected

file: 4515-11057-0063.flac
expected: as i have said there is the very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_2: as i have seeid thre is a very seriousdout whet heyour fathe would excepct  mony for beu when eu will my wifth
	layer_4: as i have said there is a very serious dout whe thr your father would axcept money for bou when you wire my wife
	layer_6: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money for you when you were my wife
	layer_8: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you were my wife
	layer_10: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you were my wife
	layer_12: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you were my wife

file: 4515-11057-0064.flac
expected: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_2: it isn't yoor foult mawiin and well then theys anly one thing to do
	layer_4: it isn't your fourt maria and well then thie's only one thing to do
	layer_6: it isn't your fought maria and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_8: it isn't your foulht marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_10: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_12: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do

file: 4515-11057-0065.flac
expected: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_2: excerptd gjesper then i father rhis helploess i mus find meants of a sure ing his suppor
	layer_4: excepet gjesper that he father is helpless i must fid means of assuring his support
	layer_6: except jasper that e father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_8: axcept jaspe that i father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_10: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_12: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support

file: 4515-11057-0066.flac
expected: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_2: dii think ten insumoutible
	layer_4: dooue think them insumoutable
	layer_6: do y think them insumemaoutable
	layer_8: do ye think them insumoutable
	layer_10: do ye think them insurmountable
	layer_12: do ye think them insurmountable

file: 4515-11057-0067.flac
expected: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_2: that his jus or hi ha tosid it hias ing possible mown you shall have theplan tryth
	layer_4: that his just wha er have desid at his impossible mouniin you shall have the plain truth
	layer_6: that is just whati have decided his impossible mallion you shall have the plain truth
	layer_8: that is just what i have decided his impossible malion you shall have the plain truth
	layer_10: that is just what i have decided his impossible malion you shall have the plain truth
	layer_12: that is just what i have decided his impossible malion you shall have the plain truth

file: 4515-11057-0068.flac
expected: i don't trust myself
	layer_2: i durn't trust my sel
	layer_4: i durn't trust myself
	layer_6: i don't trust myself
	layer_8: i don't trust myself
	layer_10: i don't trust myself
	layer_12: i don't trust myself

file: 4515-11057-0069.flac
expected: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_2: but shollte face theo bwilliglyn
	layer_4: but shold ye fac the bwillitlyt
	layer_6: but shall ye fased them willily
	layer_8: but shall you fact them willidly
	layer_10: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_12: but shall you face them willingly

file: 4515-11057-0070.flac
expected: put up your umbrella marian
	layer_2: pu hup yuroun brellof mariand
	layer_4: pulth up you rum brell of marin
	layer_6: pulls up you run brella marian
	layer_8: pulth up your umbrella marian
	layer_10: pull up your umbrella marian
	layer_12: pull up your ubrella marian

file: 4515-11057-0071.flac
expected: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_2: whakdo i cae for a dropo rin she exclained with passion at sadness when all mi lmife is t stake how  migh to un derstan you
	layer_4: what do i caire for a drop ofaine she exclaimed with passionate saidness when all mi life is at stake how a mi to understand you
	layer_6: what do i care for a drop of raine she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is it stake how am i to understand you
	layer_8: what do i care for a drop of vrain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_10: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_12: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you

file: 4515-11057-0072.flac
expected: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_2: every worgyi speake sentingtended to his harpeonmen
	layer_4: every word you speak semthingtended to this heartn me
	layer_6: every word you speak seemes intended to this heartend me
	layer_8: every word you speak seems intended to this heartened me
	layer_10: every word you speak seems intended to dis heartened me
	layer_12: every word you speak seems intended to dis heartened me

file: 4515-11057-0073.flac
expected: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_2: wy na i conselt i that is the trutfh
	layer_4: why ned you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_6: why need you canceal it if that is the truth
	layer_8: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_10: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_12: why need you conceal it if that is the truth

file: 4515-11057-0074.flac
expected: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_2: is that what ou mle by sind you distruss yu solf
	layer_4: is that what you me by saigng you distruss ourl solf
	layer_6: is that what you me by syghing you distrus yourself
	layer_8: is that what you mean by sighing you distrust yourself
	layer_10: is that what you mean by sighing you distrust yourself
	layer_12: is that what you mean by sighing you distrust yourself

file: 4515-11057-0075.flac
expected: we must see each other again marian
	layer_2: we mu see ch o the regare mariyan
	layer_4: we must seech o the ragin mary am
	layer_6: we must seech other again mariam
	layer_8: we must see each other again mariam
	layer_10: we must see each other again marian
	layer_12: we must see each other again marian

file: 4515-11057-0076.flac
expected: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_2: howre my tolive and on i in such unsertainteas thice
	layer_4: howe my to live and omr in such uncertaintyas this
	layer_6: how am i to live an homr in such uncertainty is this
	layer_8: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty is this
	layer_10: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_12: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this

file: 4515-11057-0077.flac
expected: i do wish it
	layer_2: i do wishet
	layer_4: i do wish it
	layer_6: i do wish it
	layer_8: i do wish it
	layer_10: i do wish it
	layer_12: i do wish it

file: 4515-11057-0078.flac
expected: her emotion had an effect upon him and his voice trembled
	layer_2: heremytion had nteffec don hi and his voice trembld
	layer_4: herimotion had n affactd on him and his voice trembled
	layer_6: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_8: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_10: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_12: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled

file: 4515-11057-0079.flac
expected: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_2: there is no natural lor that to chold should se rede erything for her parentce
	layer_4: there is no natural lore that ao chirled should surrende everything for her parents
	layer_6: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_8: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_10: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_12: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents

file: 4515-11057-0080.flac
expected: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_2: yuvdno sove much more of the worl tan ided cartuad ficem
	layer_4: you kno so much more of the wolld thanido can't ou hadfice me
	layer_6: youe know so much more of the world than i do can't you advice me
	layer_8: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advice me
	layer_10: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_12: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me

file: 4515-11057-0081.flac
expected: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_2: yus thed no way of provoiding fo my fot other
	layer_4: is theyd kno way of provoiding for my faother
	layer_6: is ther' no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_8: is there no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_10: is there no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_12: is there no way of provoiding for my father

file: 4515-11057-0082.flac
expected: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_2: gode god this is froghtful marian i cat standet
	layer_4: goood god this is frightfull maryian i can't stand it
	layer_6: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_8: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_10: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_12: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it

file: 4515-11057-0083.flac
expected: i will be faithful to you
	layer_2: iv will be fatful to yd
	layer_4: i will be faithfl tu
	layer_6: i will be faithful tou
	layer_8: i will be faithful to you
	layer_10: i will be faithful to you
	layer_12: i will be faithful to you

file: 4515-11057-0084.flac
expected: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_2: he had mahd a protense of holding his ne brower eioveor her but marriy in teardway an wak to a little distance and stood beny the shelter of a grite treet her face of erted frompim
	layer_4: he had made a protents of holding his ubrower ovor her but maryinturned awiy ad walked to a little distance and stood beneth the shelter of a greite tret her fice a verted frompihiom
	layer_6: he had made a pretens of holding his umbroer over her but maryin turned away and walkd to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tret her face averted from him
	layer_8: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrear over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great treuth her face averted from him
	layer_10: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_12: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him

file: 4515-11057-0085.flac
expected: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_2: movig to follow he swwr ther her frane wh shake hen by soundles sording
	layer_4: moving to follow he swaw that her fram wa shaken by seundles sobbing
	layer_6: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundles sobbing
	layer_8: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_10: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_12: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing

file: 4515-11057-0086.flac
expected: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_2: ein what kca ther be morsoficiness
	layer_4: in what can there be more sofisiness
	layer_6: in what can there be more sulfishness
	layer_8: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_10: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_12: in what can there be more selfishness

file: 4515-11057-0087.flac
expected: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_2: but her culdnt say on word that world seeme to in fite such miseryhas this
	layer_4: but i couldn't say on word that would seem to imfight such misery as this
	layer_6: but i couldn't say on word that would seem to imnvite such misery as this
	layer_8: but i couldn't say an word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_10: but i couldn't say an word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_12: but i couldn't say an word that would seem to invite such misery as this

file: 4515-11057-0088.flac
expected: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_2: you turn' love me jesper ad that'sand ando of everything
	layer_4: you durnt love me jaspor and that's an ind of everything
	layer_6: you don't love me jaspa and that's an emd of everything
	layer_8: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything
	layer_10: you don't love me jaspar and that's an end of everything
	layer_12: you don't love me jaspar and that's an end of everything

file: 4515-11057-0089.flac
expected: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_2: hapiness l misor rycome to oess boy fet
	layer_4: happiness o miserycome to us by  figt
	layer_6: happiness or misery come to us by  fight
	layer_8: happiness or misery come to us by fagt
	layer_10: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_12: happiness or misery come to us by fate

file: 4515-11057-0090.flac
expected: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_2: is if hi my poert to mighk ou happy
	layer_4: is if he my powert to mak you happy
	layer_6: is if hen my power to make you happy
	layer_8: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_10: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_12: is if in my power to make you happy

file: 4515-11057-0091.flac
expected: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_2: bu hie he at sat heu louved me be for thet i should hav it al wic to remimber
	layer_4: but if he had said ho loved mee before that i should have it allwise to remember
	layer_6: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it alwayse to remember
	layer_8: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_10: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_12: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember

file: 4515-11057-0092.flac
expected: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_2: if i believe any sing i believe hat i' dit lov ing
	layer_4: if i believe anything i believe hat i det love you
	layer_6: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_8: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_10: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_12: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you

file: 4515-11057-0093.flac
expected: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_2: what cam you sa to meng more tha you have sed new
	layer_4: what can you say to me more than you have sad meaw
	layer_6: what can you say to me more than you have sent no
	layer_8: what can you say to me more than you have saint now
	layer_10: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_12: what can you say to me more than you have said now

file: 4515-11057-0094.flac
expected: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it comes to
	layer_2: remamdberme as af man who distregarded prisels slavf such as s to go and make himself a prowd position omon fools and naves inde thats whor its cometon
	layer_4: rememberme as a man who disregarded priceles lavf such as yurs to go and make himself a proud position omong fools a naves indeed thats what its come ton
	layer_6: remember me as a man who disregarded prisceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools an knaves indeed that's what it's come too
	layer_8: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_10: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_12: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to

file: 4515-11057-0095.flac
expected: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_2: soen enou fe ould thororgly despis meg and thoh i should ne it was merrited mi epo vers pried would revul togainstat
	layer_4: soon enou fhew would thoroughly dispise me and though i should kno it was merrited mi pervirst pried would revult tagainst it
	layer_6: soon enoughew would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revult against it
	layer_8: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_10: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_12: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it

file: 4515-11057-0096.flac
expected: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_2: what can be simpleot than the trth
	layer_4: what can be simpleo than the truef
	layer_6: what can be simpler than the trut
	layer_8: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_10: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_12: what can be simpler than the truth

file: 4515-11057-0097.flac
expected: it is a thing that happens every day either in man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_2: it is a fin tha happends avery dy either in a man al homen andfol that onloe demants is the coraged to confess the truith
	layer_4: it is a ting that happens every day either in a man al homen and fall what honlo demans is the courage to convfessd the truth
	layer_6: it is a fingdhant happens every daye either in a man olld woman and all that onl a demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_8: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man orld woman and all that honar demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_10: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_12: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth

file: 4515-11057-0098.flac
expected: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_2: maryem bo he do lthis wil you levt her ingageent lasfornothe sixmons but withey out have meting juring that tin
	layer_4: marian wl yoe do this will you let har engagement las foranother six monts but withyout have meeting juring that tie
	layer_6: marian will you do this will you let hor engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that time
	layer_8: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without ave meeting during that time
	layer_10: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without ou meeting during that time
	layer_12: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without ar meeting during that time

file: 4515-11057-0099.flac
expected: that seems to me childish
	layer_2: that sinms to me chardish
	layer_4: that sins to me chardish
	layer_6: that seems to me childish
	layer_8: that seems to me childish
	layer_10: that seems to me childish
	layer_12: that seems to me childish

file: 4515-11057-0100.flac
expected: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_2: the ran ew anseaceing wen and with it begard to nigl an or tumbla bist
	layer_4: the rain sell unceasing in and with it begane to migle an or tumli mist
	layer_6: the rain shell unceasingly and with it began to migle ourtumblin mist
	layer_8: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle aautumblig mist
	layer_10: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumbling mist
	layer_12: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumbling mist

file: 4515-11057-0101.flac
expected: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_2: jespbe deligd ami ment theyn askt comly
	layer_4: jes pur delaighd a milent then asked comly
	layer_6: jesper delayed a miment then asked cally
	layer_8: jasper delayed a milent then asked calmly
	layer_10: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_12: jasper delayed a molent then asked calmly

file: 4515-11057-0102.flac
expected: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_2: i you goind to the musen yes
	layer_4: are you going to the musim yes
	layer_6: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_8: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_10: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_12: are you going to the museum yes

file: 4515-11057-0103.flac
expected: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_2: goa hime agaie for thi smorning marring hin you car work
	layer_4: go hime again for thismorning marrii you camp work
	layer_6: go home again for this morning marian you cant work
	layer_8: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_10: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_12: go home again for this morning marian you can't work

file: 4515-11057-0104.flac
expected: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_2: mi must and i have no tam to loos
	layer_4: y must and i have no tom to los
	layer_6: y must and i have no tim to lose
	layer_8: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_10: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_12: i must and i have no time to lose

file: 4515-11057-0105.flac
expected: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_2: god by she gave iend her h aned
	layer_4: good by she gave in her hed
	layer_6: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_8: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_10: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_12: good bye she gave him her hand

file: 4515-11057-0106.flac
expected: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_2: thi looked edeach other furn estat they mariein left the shelto of the tre i peter of brella and walked quicply awi
	layer_4: thy looked at each other furan eanstant the maryin left the shelter of the tre ipent er a brella and walked quickly awhy
	layer_6: they looked at each other for an instant thet maryan left the shelter of the tree opened her ambrella and walked quickly awy
	layer_8: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_10: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_12: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away

file: 4515-11057-0107.flac
expected: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_2: jes the did not watch her he had the face of a man who was sufferanga s of fiart heumaeation
	layer_4: just the did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering as of fiar humariation
	layer_6: just bet did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a sefvea humiliation
	layer_8: jaspat did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_10: jaspat did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_12: jaspat did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation

file: 4515-11057-0108.flac
expected: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tones and aspect
	layer_2: his sist o sid biry little for she reackognoas genn sufferingin his tinesand aspect
	layer_4: his sist er said very little for she recognowas genuan suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_6: hirs sister said very little for she recognoa's genuane suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_8: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_10: his sister said very little for she recognized genuine suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_12: his sister said very little for she recognized genuine suffering in his tines and aspect

file: 4515-11057-0109.flac
expected: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_2: a fewr winksogo he aualy prepose towar woman for hom he gos not protamed to have the slihtes deffection but her was very rich and who seemed lihtely to be foulishon ough to marry hm
	layer_4: a few winks ago he atually propose to ar woman for horm he does not preteimed to have the slight es deffection but who was vbery rich and who seemed litely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_6: a few wings ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_8: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_10: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_12: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him

file: 4515-11057-0110.flac
expected: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_2: yest nong mording he roaeceived her finonr aswer ho refusal
	layer_4: yest ning morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_6: yestder noe morning he received her final answer al refusal
	layer_8: yesterday morning he received her final answer ba refusal
	layer_10: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_12: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal

file: 4515-11057-0111.flac
expected: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_2: yi willonderstaned thy suly u n adte no  fresh prafh how atily a worthe he is of heu
	layer_4: you will understand thy surely you ned no fresh prof how utily aworthy he ias of you
	layer_6: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly urworthy he is of you
	layer_8: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_10: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_12: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you

file: 4515-11057-0112.flac
expected: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_2: you wir the only forei doi have of my ownd sexs and i could not batlse hour
	layer_4: you wo the only frendi have of my on sex and i could not ba t luis you
	layer_6: you re the only friend i have of my own sext and i could not bea to lose you
	layer_8: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_10: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_12: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you

file: 4515-11057-0113.flac
expected: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_2: sevrl das passt befor their kame of reply
	layer_4: several days passed before their came o reply
	layer_6: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_8: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_10: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_12: several days passed before there came a reply

file: 4515-11057-0114.flac
expected: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_2: i must only ask thick you wil wright to me without the least referencte to thens troubels tell be oaways about yourself and be se that you cannot tellnmy twoo much
	layer_4: i must only asked thit you will right to me without the least reference to these troubles tell be alaways about yourself and besure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_6: i must only asked that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me alltheways about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_8: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_10: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_12: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much

file: 3915-57461-0000.flac
expected: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_2: we have succeeded an a masing too hundred enses of silver a nogh i tress to arec  handsome brown  figure
	layer_4: we have succeeded an amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to arrect a handsome brownds figure
	layer_6: we have succeeded in a massing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome browne figure
	layer_8: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome brownz figure
	layer_10: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_12: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure

file: 3915-57461-0001.flac
expected: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_2: to be sur it seems ashame yet af i could stl them money this prised as bosting about i could liv it eas for the reset of mi dayse and sio he began casting about howp best he migh composis perfose
	layer_4: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priesd as boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might composshis purpose
	layer_6: too be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass h's purpose
	layer_8: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this priestis boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_10: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_12: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose

file: 3915-57461-0002.flac
expected: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of kuana
	layer_2: but the priiesed far from guessing the drift of his comrads thugts dourniyed cheerefully on till they riche the towmn of coona
	layer_4: but the prist far from guessing the drift of his comrads thoughts dourneyed cheerfully n til they reached the town of cona
	layer_6: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona
	layer_8: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona
	layer_10: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona
	layer_12: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana

file: 3915-57461-0003.flac
expected: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_2: here there is an arm of the se which is crosd ind fary boats that startas soon a some twente or thirty pasengers are gather together and an one of thes bots the two traelers ome bart
	layer_4: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed ind fairy boats that startes soon anf some twenty or thirty passengers are gather together and in oe of these boats the two travellers amd barket
	layer_6: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairy boats that start as soon af some twenty or thirty passengers are gathere together and in one of these boats the two travellers amdbarked
	layer_8: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_10: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_12: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked

file: 3915-57461-0004.flac
expected: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_2: when the botpemen a passender's heard the splashion saw the priae struglin in the water they were fred and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair in the boat running swifly under the belling sailes soy they were soon a few hundered yoards off from the drouning man who sank before the boat kcould be turne to reskiu him
	layer_4: when the boatmen a passenders heard the splashion saw the prise strugglingin the water they were afraid antd made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the belling sals so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to reskuu him
	layer_6: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priet strugglingin the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly undered the belling sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_8: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the belling sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_10: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_12: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him

file: 3915-57461-0005.flac
expected: when he saw this the ronin feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kiyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_2: when he saw thas the rond faind the out most criefen dismame and said to his fellw pasendgers this preiese toom we have just lost was my cousn't he was going to kioto to visit the shrign of his patrant and as i happened to have business there ais well we suttled to travel together
	layer_4: when he saw this the ron fained the utmost criev en dismame and said to his fellow passengers this prised whom we have just lost wats my cousint he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patrant and has i happened to have business there is well we settled to travele together
	layer_6: when he saw this the ron fined the utmost crief in dismaym and said to his fellow passengers this priese whom we have just lost with my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patrant and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_8: when he saw this the ron feined the utmost grief in dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we have just lost wath my cousin he was going to qioto to visit the shrine of his patront and as i happene to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_10: when he saw this the roan feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kixoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_12: when he saw this the roan feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to ciyxoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together

file: 3915-57461-0006.flac
expected: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_2: nw las by this mis fortun my cousan is dead and i am left o lone
	layer_4: nowlas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left a lone
	layer_6: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_8: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_10: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_12: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone

file: 3915-57461-0007.flac
expected: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story and pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_2: he spokes so pfeelingly and wept so freely that the passeners believed astory an pited an tried comfredem
	layer_4: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed a story inmd pitied an tried t comford im
	layer_6: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed thi story im pitied and tried to comfor him
	layer_8: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story i'm pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_10: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story i pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_12: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story i pitied and tried to comfort him

file: 3915-57461-0008.flac
expected: then the ronin said to the boatmen
	layer_2: than tha ronan sadt tof the botpmen
	layer_4: then the ron an said to the boatment
	layer_6: then the roan ad said to the boatmen
	layer_8: then the rhonend said to the boatman
	layer_10: then the ronan said to the boatman
	layer_12: then the ronand said to the boatman

file: 3915-57461-0009.flac
expected: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_2: what think u gentleman addid he turning to the other shravlers
	layer_4: what think you gentleman addid he turning to the other travellers
	layer_6: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_8: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_10: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_12: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers

file: 3915-57461-0010.flac
expected: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronin had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_2: they of course were only to gla to a voit any hindrance to ther onwared journy and all with oneovoice agreed to wat the roun and haed proprosed and o the matter ras sitdled
	layer_4: they of course were only two glad to avoid any hindrence to theire on ward journey and all with one voice agreeed to what the ron in had proposed and so the matter wath siddled
	layer_6: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the roane and had proposed and so tha matter was settled
	layer_8: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonan had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_10: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronan had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_12: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronan had proposed and so the matter was settled

file: 3915-57461-0011.flac
expected: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronin overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiyoto
	layer_2: wene at lang they reached the shore they leftha boat and every man went his way but the ron int over joyed and is heart tooke the wondering prece luggage and putting it with his oun frsued his jorney to kota
	layer_4: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ronit overjoyed ind his heart took the wandering priest luggage and puting it with his own pursued his journey to kioto
	layer_6: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ron it overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priests luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kioto
	layer_8: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the rhonet overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quixoto
	layer_10: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the rhonet overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quixoto
	layer_12: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the rhonat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quixoto

file: 3915-57461-0012.flac
expected: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_2: fortun favouring his speculations he bean to a mas great wealtand lived at his es dening himself nothing and in the course of time he married awife who bore him a child
	layer_4: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_6: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a mask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_8: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_10: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_12: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child

file: 3915-57461-0013.flac
expected: since then all has gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_2: since than alwas gone wel wats me yet had i not ben por i had never turned to casan nor thif
	layer_4: since then allwas gone well wash me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sasan nor thief
	layer_6: since then allways gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassin northief
	layer_8: since then al was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nort thief
	layer_10: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_12: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief

file: 3915-57461-0014.flac
expected: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_2: he would a fleadinto the house but the gos stretch forth hi t witherd arm and clutching the back of hs next skalled at him with a veen dict oof glar an a hidioes gasly ness of mean so on speakably awful that any ordinary man would have swoone with fer
	layer_4: he would havefloed into the house but the ghos stretch forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his nexkt scolled at him with a vendicet of glare and a hideous gasliness of mean so onspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swoon with feare
	layer_6: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretche forth hits withered arm and clutching the back of his neckt scowled at him with a vindict ofe glare ind a hideous ghastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with feare
	layer_8: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth hits withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghasliness of minm so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_10: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_12: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear

file: 3915-57461-0015.flac
expected: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokubei fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_2: at length un done by such ceaseless vexation tolk abay fel ill and ket muttering ao misary misery the wandering preased is coming t torturme
	layer_4: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took a bey fell ill and ket mudtering o misery misery the wandering priest iscoming to torture me
	layer_6: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took abey fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_8: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation to k o bay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_10: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokobay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_12: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokobay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me

file: 3915-57461-0016.flac
expected: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next street
	layer_2: now at chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering prease two lodged in the nextrent
	layer_4: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering pries two lodged in the nextren
	layer_6: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest two lodged in the next trente
	layer_8: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next trent
	layer_10: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stret
	layer_12: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next strean

file: 3915-57461-0017.flac
expected: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_2: and hiding his hadunder the cover let he lak quivering all over
	layer_4: and hiding his had under the coverlet he layk quivering all over
	layer_6: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_8: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_10: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_12: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over

file: 3915-57461-0018.flac
expected: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_2: three yearsgo ad the cooon afairy you flung me into the water and well you rememberit
	layer_4: three years go had the coonaffairy you flung me into the water and well you remember at
	layer_6: three years ago had the kuona fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_8: three years ago had the kuona fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_10: three years ago at the kuana fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_12: three years ago at the kuana fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it

file: 3915-57461-0019.flac
expected: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_2: happly continyure the prieast i had learned to swim and to dive as aboy so i reache the sore and after wandering throgh many provences succeeded an setting up ale brond firgur to bda thus fe filling the wish of my heart
	layer_4: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy sow i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up  brond figure to bud a thusfafilling the wish of my heart
	layer_6: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and do dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a brond figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_8: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronde figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_10: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_12: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart

file: 3915-57461-0020.flac
expected: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_2: on my journy homeworts i took ho lodging in the nex treet and ther heart of your marvlous alement
	layer_4: on my journey homeworts i took a lodging in the next treet and theire heard of your morvelous alement
	layer_6: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and ther herd of your marvellous alement
	layer_8: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailement
	layer_10: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment
	layer_12: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment

file: 3915-57461-0021.flac
expected: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_2: thinking i could devindits caue ta came to see and them glad tofind i was not mastaken
	layer_4: thinking i could divind ats cause i came to see you and them glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_6: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and tham glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_8: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_10: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_12: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken

file: 3915-57461-0022.flac
expected: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_2: and would int not illl become me to bare mous
	layer_4: and would it not ill become me to barmallace
	layer_6: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_8: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_10: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_12: and would it not ill become me to bear malice

file: 3915-57461-0023.flac
expected: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_2: repent therefor in abandinoar evlways
	layer_4: repent therefore in abandin yor evalways
	layer_6: repent therefore in abandon your evilways
	layer_8: repent therefore in abandon your evilways
	layer_10: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_12: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways

file: 3915-57461-0024.flac
expected: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_2: to see you do so i shoul asteeme the heighte of happiness
	layer_4: to see you do so i should asteem the height of happiness
	layer_6: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_8: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_10: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_12: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness

file: 3915-57461-0025.flac
expected: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_2: be of good ceer now and look me in the face and yeu will see that i am rilly a living man and no venshful doblancome to toermant yioua
	layer_4: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblind come to torment ya
	layer_6: be of good cher now and lookd me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment yu
	layer_8: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_10: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_12: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you

file: 3915-57461-0026.flac
expected: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_2: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and wropiu
	layer_4: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and brobu
	layer_6: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robyu
	layer_8: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu
	layer_10: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rab you
	layer_12: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rab you

file: 3915-57461-0027.flac
expected: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_2: fortimn befriended me ever after but the richure i grew the more kenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i fore saw that my victims fengens would some day ofvertakemeg
	layer_4: fortune befriendid me ever after but the wricher i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victhim's fengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_6: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_8: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_10: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_12: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me

file: 3915-57461-0028.flac
expected: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_2: hante by thes thought i lost my ner ove tilp one night i beheld iyour spirit and from that time fourth fell ill
	layer_4: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve tild one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_6: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_8: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_10: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_12: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill

file: 3915-57461-0029.flac
expected: but how you managed to escape and are still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_2: but howyu meneishd to has scap in her still a life is more than i can understand
	layer_4: but how you managed to hescape in er still a life is more than i can understand
	layer_6: but how you managed to escape in her still alife is more than i can understand
	layer_8: but how you manage to escape ind her still a live is more than i can understand
	layer_10: but how you manage to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_12: but how you manage to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand

file: 3915-57461-0030.flac
expected: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork's beak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_2: i guilty man said the priased with a smile shutters at the rustling of the wend wr the chatering of i storekspeak a murders conscients pras upon his mine till he ses what is not
	layer_4: a guilty man said the priestd with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind wr the chattering of a storkspeak a murders conscience praise upon his mind till he ses what is not
	layer_6: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind ore the chattering of a storik speak a murderers conscience praised upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_8: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork sbeak a murderer's conscience praise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_10: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a storics sbeak a murderer's conscience preise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_12: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a storics sbeak a murderer's conscience preise upon his mind till he sees what is not

file: 3915-98647-0000.flac
expected: every well ordered japanese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_2: every well order jakins hom of the old fasion klng heas itst leittleshrone which as the sentr of the religus lie o the house
	layer_4: every well ordered jacptinegs home of the old fashione kin has its little shrine which is the center of the religieth lie of the house
	layer_6: every well ordered japtinegs home of the old fashion kind havs its little shrinme which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_8: every well ordered japiense home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the center of the religious life of the house
	layer_10: every well ordered japanese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_12: every well ordered japnese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the centre of the religious life of the house

file: 3915-98647-0001.flac
expected: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day and anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_2: sheaas ho sets the rice in oin be wor the ans ustrl tamtlets wo lights thelitte lam peach nigte and who seied that hat each fe sttayn anevrersere eson the properfootis prepared and set out for the houseld gots
	layer_4: sheitis who sets the rice and ne before the ands estral tanplets who lights the little lam peach night and who ses that at each fesday in aneversarey season the proper fooitis prepared and set out for the houseold godts
	layer_6: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestrial tatlets who lights the little lampeach night and who seeesed that at each feast day an anirversary season the proper fout is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_8: she it is who sets the rice in wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper foot is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_10: she it is who sets the rice in wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_12: she it is who sets the rice in wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods

file: 3915-98647-0002.flac
expected: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safeguard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_2: these must be kup carefully by the mothers o sae gardedaints tha many eviles that beset child life
	layer_4: these must be kept carefully by the mothers tasafe gard aganst the many evils that beset child life
	layer_6: these must be kept carefully by the mother is ta safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_8: these must be kept carefully by the mother s a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_10: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_12: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life

file: 3915-98647-0003.flac
expected: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_2: visits tonoted temkles by relit ofes imfriends oftemn reisaltan aditionhs to the child colection
	layer_4: visits to noted temples by relatives em friends offten result an additionts to the child's collection
	layer_6: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result and additions to the child' collection
	layer_8: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_10: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_12: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection

file: 3915-98647-0004.flac
expected: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_2: all thee are put together by the carefom mother in preserved as hell isly as queeng ou the akept the chard stick that goverened tha dest inhe eefor son
	layer_4: all these are put together by the careful mother an preserved as ell ously as queen of theakept the chard stick that goverend the destinthefer son
	layer_6: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen of tea kept the chard stick that governed the destin of her son
	layer_8: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the chared stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_10: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_12: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son

file: 3915-98647-0005.flac
expected: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and they are usually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_2: as the childern rivhat years of discrssion thes treasurs pass out of the mothers fathful kaeping into the hans of their actual oers and ther ersly kep spor t away an some little use drr cadnent tild death remives the necessity for any further save garts overlife
	layer_4: as the children arrivat years of discrestion these treasurs pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual eders and ther yearely kept stored away an some little used draero cabnent  til death removes the necessity for any further save gard to overlife
	layer_6: as the children arrive at years of discrestion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual onders and there yearely kept toared away in some little used drawerer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safe guard to over life
	layer_8: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual odors and theyr earully kept storit away in some little used drawerer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard to over life
	layer_10: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and theyr yearually kept stort away in some little used draweor cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard to over life
	layer_12: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and theyr yearually kept stort away in some little used drawerr cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard to over life

file: 3915-98647-0006.flac
expected: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of pros and cons can read aright the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_2: eic ani mal brings its own kind of gooder bad loc  in to the hour day or year over which o prite andonly a skilful bolnser pros and corns can reed a righte the continations and under stin what the luck of andy partecu her hour in ane particular day o any perticular your will be
	layer_4: each animal brings its own kind of goodher badluc into the hour day or year over which a prodides and only a skilful balancwer  proz and cons canread a right the condinations and understind what the luck of any particul har hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_6: each animal brings its own kind of goodor badluckd into the hour day or year over which i presides and only a skilful balancer ap pros an cons can read a right the condbinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_8: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer o pros an cons can read a rigt the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_10: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer a prose and chans can read a righte the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_12: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer a prose and chans can read a rite the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be

file: 3915-98647-0007.flac
expected: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_2: or the greater vens ov family life the hom pofaces aor felt to be twoo uncertain an thas services of he forthuntelar must becaled on
	layer_4: for the greater events of family life the whom prophacies are felt to be too uncertain an thi services of the fortunteller must be called hin
	layer_6: for the greater events of family life the hom propheces are felt to be too uncertain an thi services of the fortune teller must be called him
	layer_8: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain an the services of the fortune teller must be called him
	layer_10: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain in the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_12: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain in the services of the fortune teller must be called in

file: 3915-98647-0008.flac
expected: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_2: no ell manish family wulh thinkcld building an neow house wihout findting in what direction to tayse thue frunt dooar
	layer_4: no well manised family would thinkcould building a new house without finding in what direction to tace the front door
	layer_6: no well manige family would thin oold building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_8: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_10: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_12: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door

file: 3915-98647-0009.flac
expected: after this matter has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_2: after this maner has been settled an the housees fairly begun there are accasnal criceeus in its construction apon which much epens
	layer_4: after this manner has been settled and the houses fairly begun there are accasonal crices in its construction upon which much depens
	layer_6: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_8: after this manner has been settled and the house as fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_10: after this manner has been settled and the house has fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_12: after this manner has been settled and the house has fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends

file: 3915-98647-0010.flac
expected: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_2: a these the most im portaines the daywhen t o brof isrs t
	layer_4: of these the most importaness the day whin the rof is raise
	layer_6: of these the most importanse the day when the roof israise
	layer_8: of these the most importantise the day when the roof is raised
	layer_10: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_12: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised

file: 3915-98647-0011.flac
expected: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_2: the housoner then  the sigde wether the day set by the builderis a lecking one for himself and his famiy
	layer_4: the house onere then  dheside whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_6: the house owner then te sides whether the days set by the builder is a luckin one for himself and his family
	layer_8: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a luckin one for himself and his family
	layer_10: the houseowner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_12: the houseowner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family

file: 3915-98647-0012.flac
expected: a present of money to each workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job in hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the ridge pole cast down cakes for which the children of the neighborhood scramble joyfully
	layer_2: a present of moneytyt whordmen is also ind order and will conduse to the rapit in fathwul extecution of the jhobat han when it las te housis fharnished and carperenters omd plasters ar ready to lieaveit the locolfiramen who have a sisted all along in the building as unskilld laibours offin a sn to the brove and from the brigh pull cas down cakes for which the childre hin the neighboer hoad scramble joyfuly
	layer_4: a present o money toat workmen is also an order and will conduced to the rapit in faithful execution of the jobit hand when it las the housees fernished in carbranters amdplasters ore ready to leave it the local firaman who have as sisted all along in the building as unstiled labors often a sen to the roof and from the bridghe pulle cast down cakes for which the children thin the neighbourhod scramble choyfully
	layer_6: a present of money to ach workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapit an faithful execution of the jobet hand when at last the houses funished in carbanters and plasters are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled labourers often asun to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children than the neighborhood scrambled cjoyfully
	layer_8: a present of money to each workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carbenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskelled laborers often assund to the roof and from the bridge pole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_10: a present of money to eacth workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is funished in carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskelled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridge pole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_12: a present of money to eath workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is furnished in carbenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskelled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridgepole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully

file: 3915-98647-0013.flac
expected: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_2: all come who can and those wo cannot comsan sterven sior prvisions
	layer_4: all come who can and thors who cannot comsten servants or provisions
	layer_6: all come who can and those who cannot comestans servants or provisions
	layer_8: all come who can and those who cannot comesen servants or provisions
	layer_10: all come who can and those who cannot com sen servants or provisions
	layer_12: all come who can and those who cannot come sen servants or provisions

file: 3915-98647-0014.flac
expected: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan
	layer_2: on the da after thi death offen in the evning tbhebodi must replaced in he caske shape colf en that untill resently was ta stil commonly aneusnge ophin
	layer_4: on the day after the death often in the evening the bodyg must replaced in the cask shaped cof in that until resently was e stile commonly an us ange aphan
	layer_6: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must beplaced in ha cask shaped cogfin that until resently was a styled commonly an us in japand
	layer_8: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a caske shaped coffin that until recently was e style commonly ind use in japan
	layer_10: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan
	layer_12: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan

file: 3915-98647-0015.flac
expected: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with burial in the old way makes the survival of the old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_2: now a mong the weltyear clases the long coffen has superceated the small sqwhare or round onet but the smolaereg spens connecto with he barial ind the oldway maxesser vivale of an old tipe unnecessity for the majorty of japans
	layer_4: now among the wealthiar classes the long coffin has superceded the small suar or round on but the smollere pens connecto with a bariel an the oldway maxes survival of an old type unecessity for the majority of japanies
	layer_6: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superceded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with a bariel in the old way makes as survival of an old type unecessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_8: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with a burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_10: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_12: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese

file: 3915-98647-0016.flac
expected: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_2: at an apointed time all the relatovfes the sumble in the defh chamber and proeperations oremade for the bathing of the courps
	layer_4: at an appointed time all the relatives the semble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_6: at an appointed time all the relatives thessembole in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_8: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_10: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_12: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse

file: 3915-98647-0017.flac
expected: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_2: here's no  ficial sare monia morning of parencs for their children nor dois custom require them the perfrnt any of telast rightes oratten the iunnere
	layer_4: there's no fficial cere mlnialn morning of parents for their children nor dis custom require them to performt any of the last rights or attend the funeral
	layer_6: there s no official cereminial morning of parents for their children nor doescustom required them to perform any of the last rights or attend the funeral
	layer_8: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor dos custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_10: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_12: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral

file: 3915-98647-0018.flac
expected: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_2: upon the youngr brothers an sistrs falls the duty of atten ding to allo the lasts sad minustrations
	layer_4: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all  the last sad ministrations
	layer_6: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to allf the last sad ministrations
	layer_8: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_10: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_12: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all f the last sad ministrations

file: 3915-98647-0019.flac
expected: when the body has been washed it is dressed in white in silk habutai whenever the family can afford it
	layer_2: when the body has beaend washed as asdresst in white ind sil cabotine when evert a familikan fortat
	layer_4: when the body has been washed as as dressed in white in silcabotie wheneverth a familicanford it
	layer_6: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in sil abouti whenever the family can afford it
	layer_8: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silk kabati whenever the family can afford it
	layer_10: when the body has been washed a is dressed in white in sil cabotal whenever the family can afford it
	layer_12: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silkcabatale whenever the family can afford it

file: 3915-98647-0020.flac
expected: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_2: the body to be placed in the coffen must be fulld ed into a sitting posture nd the chin restigen upon tin nes the position of th momus foundin many aearagnal americontums
	layer_4: the body to be placed in the coffin must befolded into a sitting posture and the chin restagn upon ten knees the position of the mummies found in many abariginal americantumes
	layer_6: the body to be placed in the coffin must befolded into a sitting posture an the chin resteg upon the kneegs the position of the mummy's found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_8: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummyes found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_10: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_12: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs

file: 3915-98647-0021.flac
expected: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_2: this difficaldt to us a perenly imposible feet safely accomplished there ar placedt in the coffenand number of small things ort the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_4: this difficult to us a perently emposible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffinand number of small things tat the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_6: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_8: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_10: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_12: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world

file: 3915-98647-0022.flac
expected: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_2: the singl exccuption to the s ral about netale is that small coper coins may be putten to fe the old hag who gards the bank of the riverovf deatf
	layer_4: the single ecception to this rull about metdle is that small coper coins may be put int to fe the old hag who gards the bank of the riverof death
	layer_6: the single exception to this rul about metale is that small copper coins may be put in to fe the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_8: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_10: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to feed the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_12: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to feed the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death

file: 3915-98647-0023.flac
expected: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_2: last of all the vagen spaces ind the cofen ar fildit in with bags of te
	layer_4: last of all the vigan s paces in the coffin ar filledit in with bags of tea
	layer_6: last of all the vagant spaces in the coffin are filled  and with bags of tea
	layer_8: last of all the vagant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_10: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_12: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea

file: 3915-98647-0024.flac
expected: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_2: so long as the cofenis in the housein must be watche d over continually
	layer_4: so long as the coffinis in the house in must be watched over continually
	layer_6: so long as the coffin is in the house atd must be watched over continually
	layer_8: so long as the coffin is in the house itd must be watched over continually
	layer_10: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_12: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually

file: 3915-98647-0025.flac
expected: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_2: it is their duty to seea thaft the en sens burning before the coffiness te never loe to go outh while the fod for the deates werened o regular interls by the morners themselves
	layer_4: it is their duty to see that the indsence burning before the cofines tha never allauged to go out while the foot for the dead is wre need at regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_6: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffinis tha never allowved to go out while the foot for the dead is ere newed a regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_8: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is th never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the murners themselves
	layer_10: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_12: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves

file: 3915-98647-0026.flac
expected: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_2: ther ar few en lightn japany as who wil tofend the presencistinm of crulty to the aflectit or hro do not long for some change but so greatas the force of conservatism in this regard so honting the feare that any change ma an de cate a lack of rspect for the dead theat erform ad vances slowly
	layer_4: there are few and light end japanys ho will to fend the present sistem of cruelty to the afflict et or who do not long for some change but so greates the force of concervatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may ind decate a lack of respect for the dead that wreform advances slowly
	layer_6: there are few and light in japanies who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflict it or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may inddecate a lack of respect for the dead that rereform advances slowly
	layer_8: there are few enlighten japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflictit or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_10: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflictid or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_12: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflictid or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly

file: 3915-98647-0027.flac
expected: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_2: indevidural instancees accurn which some of the worst features of these custioms armat ifite
	layer_4: individural instance as occuran which some of the worst features of these customs ar  modified
	layer_6: individual instance as occurr in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_8: individual instancees occurr in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_10: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_12: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified

file: 3915-98647-0028.flac
expected: a case in point is that of the late mister fukuzawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_2: accasend point is that of the lahte mister fook es ha a man whos life as to voted to the advancemen of his country man ind matdern was and who wen his deaf contenued his teaching
	layer_4: a case in point is that of the late mister foucasaa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his deathcontinued his teaching
	layer_6: a case and point is that of the late mister fucizava a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countryman in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_8: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who en his death continued his teaching
	layer_10: a case in point is that of the late mister fucasara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_12: a case in point is that of the late mister fucusara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching

file: 3915-98647-0029.flac
expected: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_2: in his woill he provided that his body was to be baried without washing ind the clothing ind which hea did
	layer_4: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_6: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_8: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_10: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_12: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died

file: 3915-98647-0030.flac
expected: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_2: threug theis growing feeling and mhe unselfishness of maternal iffection ma e homemon time the release from thes mornful saremonees
	layer_4: thrug this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal effection mayke chom in time the release from these mournful saremoniets
	layer_6: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_8: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_10: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_12: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies

file: 3915-98647-0031.flac
expected: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_2: just peore the persession starts o wreligi as saren money is held at the house which as attended by the friends of the deceast and which as substantially the same af that hrformnet at the sematary
	layer_4: just before the percession starts a relige assare mony as held at the house which as attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same af that performed at the sematery
	layer_6: just before the procession starts a religeiou ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_8: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_10: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_12: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery

file: 3915-98647-0032.flac
expected: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_2: on the day of the barial great puncies of natural flowers ar sen to the dat each bunch so largeis to recare the servicesfone man to cario
	layer_4: on the day of the baril great bunchoes of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large is to recare the servicesone man to cariot
	layer_6: on the day of the buril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the debt each bunch so large as to recir the servicesf one man to cary it
	layer_8: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the det each bunch so large as to require the servicesf one man to carry it
	layer_10: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services one man to carry it
	layer_12: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services one man to carry it

file: 3915-98647-0033.flac
expected: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_2: sometimes with thicgif e man i sent to take part nthe proesession but if the giverfeel too poor to higher  man this burtan too falls upon the berieved howsehold for at i coadt requires that all flowers sent be born to the greave by unaform coollies who morch in the funeraul train
	layer_4: sometimes with the gif a man is sent to take partnthe prosession but if the give erfeel too poor to higher a man this burtden too falls upon the brieved household for edicad requires that all flowers sent be born too the grave by uniformd coolies who morch in the funeral train
	layer_6: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the give erfeel two poor to higher a man this burden two falls upon the berieved household for edicoute requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_8: sometimes with he gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hiere a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for ediquete requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_10: sometimes with a gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniforme coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_12: sometimes with a gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniforme coolies who march in the funeral train

file: 3915-98647-0034.flac
expected: another favorite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_2: another febore presinat this time among budist is a cageof living birds two be born to the grave and wereleast theire on
	layer_4: another fabore presinete this time among botdist is o cage of living birds too be born to the grave and were least their on
	layer_6: another favoure presidn at this time among buddests is a cage of living birds too be borne to the grave and wereleast ther on
	layer_8: another favorte presidt at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and rere leased there on
	layer_10: another favorie presidenat this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and released thereon
	layer_12: another favorie presidenat this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and released thereon

file: 3915-98647-0035.flac
expected: it seems more like a bridal than a burial
	layer_2: it seemds moere like a brid ole than af baril
	layer_4: it seems more like a bridlold than a barial
	layer_6: it seems more like a bridle than a buril
	layer_8: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_10: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_12: it seems more like a bridle than a burial

file: 3915-98647-0036.flac
expected: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_2: during this pariad tdhe spird of the dicise is supposed to be still and hapiting the house and a tab litter shrin as set up in the de changber pefore which foed and flowers are renewd daily
	layer_4: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and attabliter shryin as set up in the deth chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_6: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrin ess set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers ore renewed daily
	layer_8: during this period the spirit of the deseased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_10: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet of shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_12: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet of shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily

file: 700-122868-0000.flac
expected: of course you must be elaine anne said diana
	layer_2: of curst iou must be alane an swa dan ham
	layer_4: of course you must me alaine aune sard dianam
	layer_6: of course you must be alane ane said diana
	layer_8: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_10: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_12: of course you must be alane anne said diana

file: 700-122868-0001.flac
expected: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know i couldn't keep still
	layer_2: f corse it would beour amantit conseted chan andris but i know hat i couldn't kep ston
	layer_4: iof course it would be aur omantic conceeded chaine andres but i know that i couldn't keep ston
	layer_6: of course it would be oromantic conceded chain andres but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_8: of course it would be romantic conceded chain andries but i knowthat i couldn't keep stone
	layer_10: of course it would be romantic conceded chain andrews but i knowthat i couldn't keep stone
	layer_12: of course it would be romantic conceded chain andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone

file: 700-122868-0002.flac
expected: but it's so ridiculous to have a redheaded elaine mourned anne
	layer_2: but at se ard diculusto ave a red headedy lane morned an
	layer_4: but it so ware diculous to have a red headety lan morned an
	layer_6: but if so ardiculous to hae a red head any lane mourned anne
	layer_8: but its so ridiculous to have a red head eny lane mourned anne
	layer_10: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headey lane mourned anne
	layer_12: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headen y lane mourned anne

file: 700-122868-0003.flac
expected: and elaine was the lily maid
	layer_2: an a lane was a loing mad
	layer_4: and a lam was a loingmad
	layer_6: an alane was ha loving made
	layer_8: an alane was the loving maid
	layer_10: an alain was he loving maid
	layer_12: an alain was he loving maid

file: 700-122868-0004.flac
expected: your complexion is just as fair as ruby's said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_2: yo'r complection is jus us fair s rebes said dian ar arn tesly and your hears ever so mughs darcr than ht used to be befor you cut it
	layer_4: youre complection is just sus fair s rubies said dianat arnesly and your hair s ever so much darker than it used to be before you kut it
	layer_6: youre complexion is just as fair s rubies said diina earnestly and your hair s ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_8: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_10: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_12: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it

file: 700-122868-0005.flac
expected: it was splendid to fish for trout over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_2: it waspluended defish for chat over the brece and the two girls tload to ror thmselves about in the little foagt bottom dory the serbary cep foroductuting
	layer_4: it was splended dofish for crat ever the bridge and the two girls lired to roaw themselves about in the little flot bottom dorian waserbery kep for ductuting
	layer_6: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls luared to row themselves about in the little flot bottom doryan mister beri kept for duckthoting
	layer_8: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls loared to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed doryan mister berry kept for duck shooting
	layer_10: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lewred to row themselves about in the little flat bottom dorya miser barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_12: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lewred to row themselves about in the little flat bottom dorya mister barry kept for duck shooting

file: 700-122868-0006.flac
expected: it was anne's idea that they dramatize elaine
	layer_2: it was anddiey a ththe jraomatis a lan
	layer_4: it was ay in ietee tat the drametise alane
	layer_6: it was aan dietda that they drometize lane
	layer_8: it was ann's idea that they drametis a lane
	layer_10: it was ane's idea that the dramatize alane
	layer_12: it was anne's idea that the dramatize alane

file: 700-122868-0007.flac
expected: those days she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_2: thestay she said were se muh wore remantic in the presentd
	layer_4: this day she said were so much mere remantic in the present
	layer_6: theres day she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_8: thus day she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_10: thuse day she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_12: thuse day she said were so much more romantic in the present

file: 700-122868-0008.flac
expected: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing elaine
	layer_2: they had oftin gone down mike thes and nhthink could be more can veniont for playing alant
	layer_4: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alayne
	layer_6: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_8: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane
	layer_10: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_12: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane

file: 700-122868-0009.flac
expected: the black shawl having been procured anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_2: the black shall having meen procarn an spettet oever the flaht and then lay down on the botthom with closed eyes and hands ful et over her brest
	layer_4: the black shall having been procuren ane spette over the flot and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands fulded over her breast
	layer_6: the bluck shall having been procurn anne spetd it over the flot and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_8: the black shell having been procurne anne spead it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with close eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_10: the black shell having been procured anne spead it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_12: the black shell having been procured anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast

file: 700-122868-0010.flac
expected: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_2: it spiles the a fact becas isas hundrte of years befor missusodne wus porne
	layer_4: it spiles the oafefect because tis as hundreds of years before missus lon vas born
	layer_6: its poils the ef fect because tis has hundreds of years before missus linbus born
	layer_8: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lindbas born
	layer_10: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lind was born
	layer_12: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lind was born

file: 700-122868-0011.flac
expected: jane you arrange this
	layer_2: ten eur rences
	layer_4: can your rencies
	layer_6: chan yure renchers
	layer_8: chan your renchers
	layer_10: chan your renchers
	layer_12: chan your renchers

file: 700-122868-0012.flac
expected: it's silly for elaine to be talking when she's dead
	layer_2: it ctilly frelinsto be talking whent e stan
	layer_4: it cilly furlaing to be talking when she stand
	layer_6: it silly furlying to be talking when she stand
	layer_8: it's silly furleing to be talking when she stad
	layer_10: it's silly furline to be talking when she staid
	layer_12: it's silly furline to be talking when she staid

file: 700-122868-0013.flac
expected: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_2: janrusto the c cason
	layer_4: janerurst of the accasin
	layer_6: jane urse tof the ocasion
	layer_8: jane rurst to the occasion
	layer_10: jane rurst to the occasion
	layer_12: jane rurst to the occasion

file: 700-122868-0014.flac
expected: left behind at the landing
	layer_2: the beindat the landing
	layer_4: the behind at the landing
	layer_6: thy behindat the landing
	layer_8: lhe behind it the landing
	layer_10: lef behind it the landing
	layer_12: let behind it the landing

file: 700-122868-0015.flac
expected: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_2: an give one gaspbing little scren whuch noboty ever hearn she was wit t the lips but she did not lase herselfposession
	layer_4: and gave one gasping little scream which nobody over hern she was white the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_6: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ofer hearn she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_8: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_10: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_12: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession

file: 700-122868-0016.flac
expected: there was one chance just one
	layer_2: there was one chans just one
	layer_4: there wis one chance just one
	layer_6: there is one chance just one
	layer_8: there is one chance just one
	layer_10: there is one chance just one
	layer_12: there is one chance just one

file: 700-122868-0017.flac
expected: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_2: and e such sircumstanses you on't think wmuntabout making of flowre prer
	layer_4: and deo such circumstances you on't think unt about making o flowery prair
	layer_6: under such circumstances you on't think ent about making a flowery prayer
	layer_8: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_10: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_12: under such circumstances you won't think much about making a flowery prayer

file: 700-122868-0018.flac
expected: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_2: the fiter tod ender the breadt and then promply sankon mid strean
	layer_4: the figttertad under the briads and then promply sankind midstream
	layer_6: the fit tr tod under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_8: the flight trited under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_10: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_12: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream

file: 700-122868-0019.flac
expected: ruby jane and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had not a doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_2: reby cjame and than a al reay a witting it on the lowher head land sht disappererbe for ther veryeyes and had no doubtpbut that an and gone down with it
	layer_4: ruby cjame and tiana allready a waitding it on the lower head land so t tdisappear befor thei varyeys and had no doubt but that anand gone down with it
	layer_6: ruby jame and dianna already a waiting it on the lower headlend saw it disappear before thei vary eyse and had no doubt but that anehad gone down with it
	layer_8: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before thei very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_10: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before ther very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_12: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it

file: 700-122868-0020.flac
expected: the minutes passed by each seeming an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_2: te minut's passd by ea siming licon hour to the infortunate liliman
	layer_4: the minutes passed by hes seimming like an hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_6: the minutes passed by es seemming like an hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_8: the minutes pass by es seemming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymaidn
	layer_10: the minutes pass by eash seemming like an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_12: the minutes pass by eash seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lily maid

file: 700-122868-0021.flac
expected: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_2: wydin somemody come wer had the girl's gone
	layer_4: whytin sumbedy come where had the girls gon
	layer_6: why din somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_8: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_10: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_12: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone

file: 700-122868-0022.flac
expected: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_2: hor magination begain tosu gest all man orof gir som possibilitys t her
	layer_4: homagination begin to s agust all manno of gruwsom possibilities to her
	layer_6: her magination begin to suggest all manner of gruwsamn possibilities to her
	layer_8: her imagination began to suggest all manner of grues ame possibilities to her
	layer_10: her imagination began to suggest all manner of grues anmd possibilities to her
	layer_12: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesand possibilities to her

file: 700-122868-0023.flac
expected: anne shirley
	layer_2: andsearly
	layer_4: and sirly
	layer_6: anne shirley
	layer_8: anne shirley
	layer_10: anne shirley
	layer_12: anne shirley

file: 700-122868-0024.flac
expected: how on earth did you get there he exclaimed
	layer_2: how an erto juet upthere haink sclabed
	layer_4: how an eartho juied up there hanksclaimed
	layer_6: how on earthi jeweet up there he enxclaimed
	layer_8: how on earth ad yo eat up there he exclaimed
	layer_10: how on earth d'ud you eat up there he exclaimed
	layer_12: how on earth d'd you eat up there he exclaimed

file: 700-122868-0025.flac
expected: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_2: it a certainly extringely dificult to be dignifind ander the circunmsances
	layer_4: it was certainly extrenmely difficult to be dignifind under the circumstances
	layer_6: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_8: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_10: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_12: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances

file: 700-122868-0026.flac
expected: what has happened anne
	layer_2: what as happend dan
	layer_4: what his happenedan
	layer_6: what his happend dan
	layer_8: what has happened dann
	layer_10: what has happened an
	layer_12: what has happened an

file: 700-122868-0027.flac
expected: asked gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_2: at's goler taking up os ors
	layer_4: at's giler taking up his ors
	layer_6: adts gilbert taking up his ors
	layer_8: ats gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_10: adsz gilbert taking up his ors
	layer_12: as gilbert taking up his ors

file: 700-122868-0028.flac
expected: we were playing elaine explained anne frigidly without even looking at her rescuer and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the flat
	layer_2: we wre playng in lame explained and frtothy without evmen lioking at her bruscuo and i had to drift  down to came lat in the barge aning the fiht
	layer_4: we were playing in lane explained annd frdely without even loking at her bruscurr and a had to drift down to camlot in the barge aning the foght
	layer_6: we were playing in lane explained annd frigilye without even looking at her bruscuo and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge anmeing the fot
	layer_8: we were playing inlane explained anne frigily without even looking at her brescuo and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge imen the fot
	layer_10: we were playing in lane explained anne fridgily without even looking at her brusqua and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the fight
	layer_12: we were playing in lane explained anne fridgily without even looking at her rusqua and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the fight

file: 700-122868-0029.flac
expected: for a moment anne hesitated
	layer_2: for  momen an hesithat him
	layer_4: for a momen ane hesitate him
	layer_6: for a moment ane hesitate him
	layer_8: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_10: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_12: for a moment anne hesitate him

file: 700-122868-0030.flac
expected: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_2: her hart gave a quick cqua little be
	layer_4: her hart gave a quick quer little be
	layer_6: her heart gave a quick queer little bea
	layer_8: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_10: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_12: her heart gave a quick queer little bea

file: 700-122868-0031.flac
expected: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_2: her resent men which to other an alderpeople might bes laf a loas it's cuse was a no wit alad and soften by times semingly
	layer_4: her resentment which to other in ulderpeople might bes laughable as its cause was a no wit alaid and sotened by time semingly
	layer_6: her resentment which to other an lder people might be s laughable as its cause was a no whit alaid and softened by time seemingly
	layer_8: her resentment which to other an older people might be as laughable as its cause was a no wit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_10: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was i no wit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_12: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was i no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly

file: 700-122868-0032.flac
expected: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_2: no she said caldlyg i shall never y friend with t ieyowu giber blife and i don't man to be
	layer_4: no she said caledlig i shall never be friends with you glbert blife and i don't wan to be
	layer_6: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert litfe and i don't want to be
	layer_8: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert lythe and i don't want to be
	layer_10: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_12: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be

file: 700-122868-0033.flac
expected: all right
	layer_2: ari
	layer_4: al right
	layer_6: all right
	layer_8: all rigt
	layer_10: all right
	layer_12: all right

file: 700-122868-0034.flac
expected: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_2: i'll never astk u to befrends again an sharly an i don'l car yither
	layer_4: i'll never ask you to be friends again ane surly and i don't care either
	layer_6: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirly and i don't care either
	layer_8: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_10: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_12: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either

file: 700-122868-0035.flac
expected: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_2: of qourse he had ind saltedhred terbly but sto
	layer_4: of course he had insulted herd terribly but still
	layer_6: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_8: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_10: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_12: of course he had insulted her terribly but still

file: 700-122868-0036.flac
expected: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into a scrape
	layer_2: iverything i d you get me or my teearas fransint  scap
	layer_4: everything i dyou get me or my teares friaends into scrape
	layer_6: everything ide gets me or my teares friends into escrape
	layer_8: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends in to escape
	layer_10: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_12: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape

file: 700-122868-0037.flac
expected: anne's presentiment proved more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do
	layer_2: ands pre centiment pre of more ctres whrthe then peresentimens are apto da
	layer_4: annes peresentiment proof more trust wothy than presentimen's are apto da
	layer_6: anne's per centiment provef more trustworthy than per sentimens are apto del
	layer_8: anne's persentiment provef more trustworthy than pr sentiments are apt to del
	layer_10: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to doal
	layer_12: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to deal

file: 700-122868-0038.flac
expected: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_2: bill you ever haveany sencs and gro mar ala
	layer_4: will you ever have any sene ane grumarilla
	layer_6: will you ever have any sence anne grow marilla
	layer_8: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_10: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_12: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla

file: 700-122868-0039.flac
expected: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_2: i don'say how said mirla
	layer_4: i don't seey how said marila
	layer_6: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_8: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_10: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_12: i don't see how said marilla

file: 700-122868-0040.flac
expected: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_2: ever somce i came to grin gables ivween maging mi stacks and eachestake he sulp to caremi of some great short coming
	layer_4: ever somse i came to gren gables i'vebeen maging mistakes and eachon i stake hatelp to cur me of some great short coming
	layer_6: ever simce i came to green gables i'vebeen making mistakes and each mistake ha telpd a cure me of some great short coming
	layer_8: ever since i came to gren gables i'vebeen making mistakes and each mistake has helped a cure me of some great short coming
	layer_10: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped a cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_12: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped a cure me of some great shortcoming

file: 700-122867-0000.flac
expected: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_2: banityg invexation tof spat
	layer_4: vanity invexation of spart
	layer_6: vanity in vexation of sparit
	layer_8: vanity an vexation of spirit
	layer_10: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_12: vanity and vexation of spirit

file: 700-122867-0001.flac
expected: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_2: the s pring was a brogh n the land and meralus soper midnal lage step was ligter and s wifther because of it steep primol gladness
	layer_4: thispring was abroagt in the land and mariles sober midllage step was lighter and swifter because of its teep prim ol gladness
	layer_6: the spring was abroadt in the land and marillas sober middleaged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primald gladness
	layer_8: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primald gladness
	layer_10: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_12: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness

file: 700-122867-0002.flac
expected: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_2: i mest say withthoug her foughts i never foundhrd disippetiant or untrust wredtly before and am reall sard o find er so now
	layer_4: i must say withall her foughts i never found herd disipedient or untrust wordly before and i'm real sorry to find hr so now
	layer_6: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disopedient or untrustwordhy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_8: i must say with all her faughts i never found her disipediant or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_10: i must say with all her faults i never found her disopedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_12: i must say with all her faults i never found her disopedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now

file: 700-122867-0003.flac
expected: perhaps you're judging her too hasty marilla
	layer_2: perhapture gogin her too hastileamg merilla
	layer_4: perhap shur judgine her too hastileame marilla
	layer_6: perhapshure judgein her too hastelye marilla
	layer_8: perhaps she're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_10: perhaps she're judgin her too hastily marilla
	layer_12: perhaps she're judgin her too hastily marilla

file: 700-122867-0004.flac
expected: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing her up not you
	layer_2: the quurse i kne you take her part mathyou but i'm bring your ap not you
	layer_4: of course i knew you take her part matthi but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_6: of course i knew you take her part matthiew but i am bring yoeur up not you
	layer_8: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i am bring your up not you
	layer_10: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i 'm bringing your up not you
	layer_12: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i'm bringing your up not you

file: 700-122867-0005.flac
expected: demanded marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_2: de mendidn merile anxosle going eover o the bad
	layer_4: demendond rarila anxasly going over to the bad
	layer_6: demenden rarila anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_8: demended marella anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_10: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_12: demanded marilla anxiously going over to the bad

file: 700-122867-0006.flac
expected: anne cowered deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_2: an cowerd deeper into her pillase as if desireaus of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_4: ane cowaere deeper into her pillas as if desireous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_6: anne cowar deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_8: anne coward deeper into her pillars as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_10: anne cowered deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_12: anne cowered deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no

file: 700-122867-0007.flac
expected: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_2: get right a fhisminted intell me
	layer_4: get rihte a this mitted intell me
	layer_6: get right up fistmitted ind tell me
	layer_8: get right up this mitud and tell me
	layer_10: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_12: get right up this minute and tell me

file: 700-122867-0008.flac
expected: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_2: this min it i say than no what i's it
	layer_4: this minute i say theae now what is it
	layer_6: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_8: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_10: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_12: this minute i say there now what is it

file: 700-122867-0009.flac
expected: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_2: and hade slid to the for in de sparing abediens
	layer_4: and had slid to the flor in dhe sparing abediancse
	layer_6: an had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_8: ene had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_10: ann had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_12: ann had slid to the floor in despairing obedience

file: 700-122867-0010.flac
expected: yes it's green moaned anne
	layer_2: yesit's greenm mondan
	layer_4: yes its green mondan
	layer_6: yes it's green moandan
	layer_8: yes it's green mondan
	layer_10: yes it's green mondan
	layer_12: yes it's green mondan

file: 700-122867-0011.flac
expected: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_2: i toutno thing can bes bad has red hair
	layer_4: i thoughtin nothing can beas bad as redahair
	layer_6: i thought nothing can be as bod as red hair
	layer_8: i thought nothing can be asbad as red hair
	layer_10: i thought nothing cand be as bad as red hair
	layer_12: i thought nothing cand be as bad as red hair

file: 700-122867-0012.flac
expected: you haven't got into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_2: y ovean got ninto ony scraipt forever to mont and i was sur nother one was da
	layer_4: y oven gotten intouny scrape for ever two mont and i was sure nother one was dar
	layer_6: you havengotten into any scrape for ever two mont and i was sure another one was deare
	layer_8: you haven't gotten into any scrape for ever two months and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_10: you haven't goten into any scrape for ever two months and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_12: you haven't gotten into any scrape for ever two months and i was sure another one was dear

file: 700-122867-0013.flac
expected: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_2: nothen what dhe youd dut er hair
	layer_4: now then what doid you du tyour har
	layer_6: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_8: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_10: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_12: now then what did you do to your hair

file: 700-122867-0014.flac
expected: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_2: an surly tining you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_4: and sirly didnn'ng you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_6: annd sirely didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_8: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_10: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_12: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do

file: 700-122867-0015.flac
expected: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_2: yes i knewt was a little wick ein and mined an
	layer_4: yes i knew i was a little wicken amitted an
	layer_6: yes i knew it was a little wickend admitted anne
	layer_8: yes i knew it was a little wicked amitted anne
	layer_10: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_12: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne

file: 700-122867-0016.flac
expected: i know what it feels like to have your word doubted
	layer_2: i know oun i fielsike to have your word doat in
	layer_4: i know hot it feels like to have youre word dotin
	layer_6: i know hat it feels like to have your word daden
	layer_8: i know what it feels like to have your word daden
	layer_10: i know what it feels like to have your word dadon
	layer_12: i know what it feels like to have your word dadon

file: 700-122867-0017.flac
expected: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_2: ad missus allan says we shuld never suspec any ond of not tellingas the truth and les be have pru fat their not
	layer_4: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth und less be have prof that ther not
	layer_6: and missus allen says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that theire not
	layer_8: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that the're not
	layer_10: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that thy're not
	layer_12: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not

file: 700-122867-0018.flac
expected: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_2: buty hanan then and i beleamed every word he said inblicindtly
	layer_4: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicetly
	layer_6: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitely
	layer_8: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_10: but i hadn't theen and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_12: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly

file: 700-122867-0019.flac
expected: who said who are you talking about
	layer_2: ho sain hor you turdin about
	layer_4: who san hor you talking about
	layer_6: who said here you talking about
	layer_8: who said hoae you talking about
	layer_10: who said who are you talking about
	layer_12: who said who are you talking about

file: 700-122867-0020.flac
expected: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_2: oh i didnt' let eim in the house
	layer_4: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_6: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_8: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_10: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_12: oh i didn't let him in the house

file: 700-122867-0021.flac
expected: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_2: in a trise i sown iself ith beautiforeraveend black har an the timptation mas eirisistabl
	layer_4: an a tricse i sawn myself with beautifulre rave and black hair and the temptation miss arisistibl
	layer_6: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful rave and black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_8: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful rave en black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_10: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_12: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible

file: 700-122867-0022.flac
expected: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_2: or rele whant i tangold wa we weve en fresst we practis to tose
	layer_4: omor rilla whent had tangled wab we weve wen friest we practise to toceve
	layer_6: oh mrilla what had tangled web we weave when frest we practice to deceive
	layer_8: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when frist we practise too deceive
	layer_10: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when frist we practice to deceive
	layer_12: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when frist we practice to deceive

file: 700-122867-0023.flac
expected: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_2: youher must becult off there is now rther waynt yhe cank o iut withat litokin lide that
	layer_4: you her must be cut off there is now ofther waynt you kin'k go out with at loking liet that
	layer_6: you her must be cut off there is no otherway you can't go out with i looking like that
	layer_8: youheare must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_10: youheair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_12: youhair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that

file: 700-122867-0024.flac
expected: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_2: wit a dismo siges she went for the scisirst
	layer_4: with a dismals sighe she went for the cisot
	layer_6: with a dismal sigh she went for the sisot
	layer_8: with a dismal sigh she went for the scizers
	layer_10: with a dismal sigh she went for the sciors
	layer_12: with a dismal sigh she went for the scizers

file: 700-122867-0025.flac
expected: but there is nothing comforting in having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_2: but theyre wis nothin comeforeting and having your hair cout offe because yove dited a drudful color is ther
	layer_4: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair could off because you'vedited a druadful color is there
	layer_6: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died ed a dreadful color is there
	layer_8: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off becauseyou've died et a dreadful color is there
	layer_10: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dietet a dreadful color is there
	layer_12: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dieted a dreadful color is there

file: 700-122867-0026.flac
expected: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_2: i'nd went to wreep all the time ur cutting it of if it oneenthi fear
	layer_4: i'm gent to reep all the time yor cutting it off if it ant indir fear
	layer_6: i'm gen to weep all the time your cutting it off if it want in terfear
	layer_8: i'm going to weep all the time youre cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_10: i'm going to weep all the time youre cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_12: i'm going to weep all the time you'recutting it off if it won't interfere

file: 700-122867-0027.flac
expected: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_2: it seeme suto tagicthin
	layer_4: it seemed satc a tradic thing
	layer_6: it seemed such a tratdic thing
	layer_8: it seemes such a tradic thing
	layer_10: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_12: it seems such a tragic thing

file: 700-122867-0028.flac
expected: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_2: and wep then but lather on when she went upstars and lookd in the glass she was calme mit ospa
	layer_4: ane wept then but lather on when she went upstairs nd looked in the glass she was calm wat a spa
	layer_6: anne wept then but lather on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with a sparg
	layer_8: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with dispar
	layer_10: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with dispair
	layer_12: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with dispair

file: 700-122867-0029.flac
expected: yes i will too
	layer_2: yes i wil tou
	layer_4: yes i will too
	layer_6: yes i will to
	layer_8: yes i will too
	layer_10: yes i will too
	layer_12: yes i will too

file: 700-122867-0030.flac
expected: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_2: i ever thugh e was a vain about my hair of althings but nowi know i was and spite of it s being red because of a sil long and fhickon carly
	layer_4: i never thought i was avain about my hair of all things but now i know i was and spite of its being red because it as so long and thick and curly
	layer_6: i never thought i was a vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_8: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_10: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_12: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly

file: 700-122867-0031.flac
expected: i expect something will happen to my nose next
	layer_2: e xpecxts oething haw wl irp ento y ners next
	layer_4: ie expect something how werl hp in to my nos next
	layer_6: i expect something hae will happento my nois next
	layer_8: i expect somethingha will happen to my nose next
	layer_10: i expect somethingap will happen to my nose next
	layer_12: i expect something will happen to my nose next

file: 700-122867-0032.flac
expected: anne's clipped head made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josie pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_2: ansi clet ted madis insation an scooln the following menday but ta her relief nobet y gues th reail reasonforeit not even justy pyt who however did not fail to in form an that she lookdlike a perfect scareco
	layer_4: ane's clip tead made as ensation ind school n the following menday but to her relief nobody guess the real reas on for int not even justy pie who however did not failed to inform anne that she lookd like a perfect scarecro
	layer_6: annes clippd ead made a sensation in school in the following menday but to her relief nobody guess the real reason for it not even josty pie who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecro
	layer_8: anne's clippe ted made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josty pie who however did not fail to inform aunt that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_10: ann's clipse ted made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josti pie who however did not fail to inform aunnt that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_12: ann's clip ted made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josty pie who however did not fail to inform annt that she looked like a perfect scarecrow

file: 700-122867-0033.flac
expected: it's hard to be told you look like a scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_2: it's hard to be told you thoo clike a scar f kep scarcro and i anet ent to sasetenthing back but i did it
	layer_4: it's hard to be told you loklicke a scaref kip scarecrow and i want id to sayse tham thing back but i did it
	layer_6: it's hard to be told you look like a scareif kip scarecrow and i wantend to say them thing back but i did it
	layer_8: it's hard to be told you look like a scareip scarecrow and i wanted to say some thing back but i did 't
	layer_10: it's hard to be told you looke like a scarekip scarecrow and i wanted to say some thing back but i didn't
	layer_12: it's hard to be told you looked like a scareip scarecrow and i wanted to say some thing back but i didn't

file: 700-122867-0034.flac
expected: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_2: a make she fyel very vir uous wed yo forgive people tesa'na
	layer_4: i make shou feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn'tit
	layer_6: i makes syou feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_8: i make you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_10: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_12: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it

file: 700-122867-0035.flac
expected: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_2: i mantedevelt al my inerges to bing god after this and i shall never tri to be peautiful again
	layer_4: i mante develt all my inrdecs to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_6: i mean to devote all my energuece to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_8: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_10: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_12: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again

file: 700-122867-0036.flac
expected: of course it's better to be good
	layer_2: of courss its betterd tobe get
	layer_4: of course its better to be got
	layer_6: of course it's better to be good
	layer_8: of course it's better to be good
	layer_10: of course it's better to be good
	layer_12: of course it's better to be good

file: 700-122867-0037.flac
expected: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_2: i doo really wan to be goodn mrlla thek yu and missus alem a mistayty and gr up to be a qruedid to you
	layer_4: i do really want to be gooden mrilla thake you and missus alum amissdaty and gr up to be a credit to you
	layer_6: i do really want to be good on mrilla thake you and missus allun and miss sdasy and go up to be a credit to you
	layer_8: i do really want to be good n marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and go up to be a credit to you
	layer_10: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_12: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you

file: 700-122867-0038.flac
expected: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_2: diane asays when my harbe cansto gro to tia black avolvth at riben around my had toth he bot one sit
	layer_4: dinea says when my hearbe gins te gro to tie black avelvat ribon around my head with a boat one sie
	layer_6: dyona says when my hairbegins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a boa at one side
	layer_8: dionah says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_10: dinah says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_12: dinah says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side

file: 700-122867-0039.flac
expected: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_2: i vill colit a snewd that soun so eremantic
	layer_4: i will colit a snewed that sound so remantic
	layer_6: i will call it a snoeed that sound so remantic
	layer_8: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_10: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_12: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic

file: 700-122867-0040.flac
expected: my head is better now
	layer_2: my head has btter now
	layer_4: my head is better now
	layer_6: my head is better now
	layer_8: my head is better now
	layer_10: my head is better now
	layer_12: my head is better now

file: 700-122867-0041.flac
expected: it was terrible bad this afternoon though
	layer_2: i is terible bothi safternn the
	layer_4: it as terrible by the s afternoon theo
	layer_6: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_8: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_10: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_12: it was terrible by this afternoon though

file: 700-122866-0000.flac
expected: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_2: ju your avenlye founded hear ti settle down to hum jremenxsistans again
	layer_4: jun your avenle founded hard de settle down to hum druming istence again
	layer_6: junior avenlee foundid hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_8: junior avonle found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_10: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_12: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again

file: 700-122866-0001.flac
expected: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_2: perhaps after wile i'gay use to it but im afrad conterd spoil people for everdai life
	layer_4: perhaps after while illgat use to it but i'm afraid concerd spoil people for every day life
	layer_6: perhaps after a while i'l get used to it but i'm afraid concerdt spoil people for everyday life
	layer_8: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday life
	layer_10: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_12: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life

file: 700-122866-0002.flac
expected: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_2: as supposetat his wime rerilla disappruse of them
	layer_4: is suppose tat his wime erilla disappruce of them
	layer_6: i suppose tht his wime arilla disapprofed of them
	layer_8: i suppose that his wie marilla disapproves of them
	layer_10: i suppose that his wie marilla disapproves of them
	layer_12: i suppose that his wine marilla disapproves of them

file: 700-122866-0003.flac
expected: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_2: i fel ius now that i ma gir up to be sensible yet
	layer_4: i fel just now that i may girow up to be sinsible yet
	layer_6: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_8: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_10: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_12: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet

file: 700-122866-0004.flac
expected: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_2: i uslay awake en a magin the contrt over an over aga
	layer_4: i to s lay wak in i magined the contert over an over again
	layer_6: i juslay awakein imagine the contert over and over again
	layer_8: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_10: i just lay awake and imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_12: i just lay awake and imagine the concert over and over again

file: 700-122866-0005.flac
expected: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_2: iventially hievem avenly scoslipped backin to its all grove and took up it old interests
	layer_4: eventually hivran avenly scor slipped back in to its all groove and tok up its old interests
	layer_6: eventually hoevr avonly scool slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_8: eventually however avonley scorle slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_10: eventually however avonlea score slipped back into its ald groove and took up its old interests
	layer_12: eventually however avonlea score slipped back into its ald groove and took up its old interests

file: 700-122866-0006.flac
expected: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the program and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_2: nanot the slones wutd have any deailings with the bws because the bewls had declare that the slones had two much to do in the progran ind the slones had retorted that the bels whe i capable ofjoing the littoldthey had to do proprnly
	layer_4: nonother slones would have any dealings with the bws because the bells had declared that the slones had two much to do in the progran in the slones had retorted that the bells whe i capable of doing the littled they had to do propely
	layer_6: nonother slones would have any dealings with the belghs because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the program in the slones had retorted that the bells whe ot capable ofdoing the little they had to do properly
	layer_8: nonother sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_10: none ofther sloans would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloans had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_12: none other sloans would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloans had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly

file: 700-122866-0007.flac
expected: the winter weeks slipped by
	layer_2: the wenter week slipt bye
	layer_4: the wint er week slip bie
	layer_6: the winter week slipp by
	layer_8: the winter weeks slipp by
	layer_10: the winter weeks slip by
	layer_12: the winter weeks slip by

file: 700-122866-0008.flac
expected: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all their chatter for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_2: onands breath day they were tripping lightly downnit keeping eyes an ear's a leart ad midt all the chadem fer mistacy had told them ha they mat soon rad accomposition on a winters walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observment
	layer_4: on anne's birath day they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears a lert amid all the chatam fer miss staty had told them tha they mit soon rat a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it be hoved them to be observant
	layer_6: on ann's birthday they were tripping lightly don it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatam for miss stacy had told them thathey must soon rad a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_8: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon reade a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_10: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon rite a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_12: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon rite a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant

file: 700-122866-0009.flac
expected: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_2: i canscarcely realizat am in myh tens
	layer_4: i can scarcely realize at im in mytens
	layer_6: i can scarcely realize that i'min my tens
	layer_8: i can scarcely realize tht i min my tens
	layer_10: i can scarcely realize that i mi my teens
	layer_12: i can scarcely realize that i min my teens

file: 700-122866-0010.flac
expected: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_2: it' he great comefort to think that ill be able seis beig words then withoutping laugti
	layer_4: it's a great comfort to think that ill be able toe s big words then without being laughedi
	layer_6: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to ise big words then without being laughed at
	layer_8: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_10: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_12: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at

file: 700-122866-0011.flac
expected: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beaus said anne disdainfully
	layer_2: rer be gil us thinks o nothing but be saitd anderstame fliyng
	layer_4: reubi gilus thinks af nothing but bo said andestamefulling
	layer_6: ruby gillis thinks af nothing but bows said and u sdainfully
	layer_8: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but bo said anne disdainfully
	layer_10: ruby gilis thinks of nothing but beas said anne disdainfully
	layer_12: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beas said anne disdainfully

file: 700-122866-0012.flac
expected: she's actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_2: she's actuale do lighted when ini en rights her name upbin a take nordius for all she pretens to be sai min
	layer_4: she's actually delighted wrn in n wen wright's her nam up in a take notie for all she pretends to be sa min
	layer_6: she is actually delighted whene any one rites her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so min
	layer_8: she is actually delighted when anyon writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine
	layer_10: she is actually delighted when any one writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine
	layer_12: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine

file: 700-122866-0013.flac
expected: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_2: am ting to be as much like missus alen as i possibly cain for i think she'is perfect
	layer_4: i'm tying to be as much like missus allen as i posibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_6: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_8: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_10: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_12: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect

file: 700-122866-0014.flac
expected: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_2: if i had alsbells criockts nos said and tersudtedly i wouldint but there
	layer_4: if i had allice bells crooke knose said andecidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_6: if i had alice bells crooked nose said anedecidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_8: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_10: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_12: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there

file: 700-122866-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_2: and refriehty think to much a beut min knos ave re snce i herd that compleament about at long a go
	layer_4: i'd refrigdy think too much about my knos ave re since i heard that compliment about at long ago
	layer_6: i'm aefrid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_8: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_10: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_12: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago

file: 700-122866-0016.flac
expected: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_2: oh daian a hook tha's ar rabbit
	layer_4: oh daana look there's ar rabbit
	layer_6: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_8: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_10: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_12: oh diana look there's a rabbit

file: 700-122866-0017.flac
expected: they're so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_2: the so whyte an still as if they ea sleep en dreaning pritty treams
	layer_4: there so white in still as if ther were a sleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_6: there so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_8: theyre so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_10: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_12: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams

file: 700-122866-0018.flac
expected: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_2: i woud et las munda eve ming
	layer_4: i wot et last mondy evening
	layer_6: i roteatd last monday evening
	layer_8: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_10: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_12: i wrote it last monday evening

file: 700-122866-0019.flac
expected: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_2: its calt the jellous rivle or in death not deviten
	layer_4: it's callet the jealous rivale or in deatfh not dividen
	layer_6: its callt the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_8: its calletd the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_10: it is called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_12: it is called the jealous rival or in death not divided

file: 700-122866-0020.flac
expected: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_2: i reded tom a rillar and she said it was stuff an nansens
	layer_4: i readted to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_6: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_8: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_10: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_12: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense

file: 700-122866-0021.flac
expected: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_2: it a sad sweet stoy
	layer_4: its a sad sweet story
	layer_6: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_8: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_10: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_12: it's a sad sweet story

file: 700-122866-0022.flac
expected: cordelia was a regal brunette with a coronet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_2: cordelia was a regale brn nat with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eys
	layer_4: cordeal ia was a regale bru net with a cornett of middnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_6: kordelia was a regal bunet with a cornette of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_8: cordelia was a regal bournette with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_10: cordelia was a regal brunette with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_12: cordelia was a regal brunette with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes

file: 700-122866-0023.flac
expected: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_2: ye oste much more thn you deid when youwere only twouth
	layer_4: you knowste much more than you did when you ere only twelte
	layer_6: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_8: you know show much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_10: you knowst how much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_12: you knowest how much more than you did when you were only twelve

file: 700-122866-0024.flac
expected: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_2: they greandbeauty side by side antill they weresixten
	layer_4: they gre and beautis side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_6: they grew ind beauty sihe by side until they were six teen
	layer_8: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_10: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_12: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen

file: 700-122866-0025.flac
expected: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_2: i asth re be guiluse aofshenewmanything about hon menbper pose becase i thoaght sheh likely ben ta thority on the subjict hav ing so ny sister's marrietd
	layer_4: i esked re by gillous if she knewanything about how men bpropose because i thought she likely being authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_6: i asked revy gillis if she knew anything about how men propost because i thought she likely being authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_8: i asked riby gillis if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she likely beein authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_10: i asked riby gillis if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_12: i asked riby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married

file: 700-122866-0026.flac
expected: but she pretended to be geraldine's friend the same as ever
	layer_2: but she prtended to be jaldiancs friandthe same is ever
	layer_4: but she prtended to be jarldience friand thi same his ever
	layer_6: but she pretended to be jaldiance friend the same as ever
	layer_8: but she pretended to be jeildian's friend the same as ever
	layer_10: but she pretended to be jerldine's friend the same as ever
	layer_12: but she pretended to be jeldine's friend the same as ever

file: 700-122866-0027.flac
expected: let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_2: let's yu me have a story clob oloron and righte storious fre practis
	layer_4: let's youan me have a story club ollarin and wriht storious fr practice
	layer_6: let's you and me have a story club oloron and wrighte stories for practice
	layer_8: lets you and me have a story club all orown and write stories for practice
	layer_10: let's you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_12: let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice

file: 700-122866-0028.flac
expected: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_2: youagt to caut vit your mangination you kno mistac e saysso
	layer_4: you aght to caught vit your magination you know mis dasy sayd sel
	layer_6: you ought to catvate your imagination you know miss dacy says so
	layer_8: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss dacy says so
	layer_10: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_12: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so

file: 700-122866-0029.flac
expected: only we must take the right way
	layer_2: only we mustick the raghtwhae
	layer_4: only we must take the right whee
	layer_6: only we must take the right way
	layer_8: only we must take the right way
	layer_10: only we must take the right way
	layer_12: only we must take the right way

file: 700-122866-0030.flac
expected: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_2: this was how the story clap came ontu ensistance
	layer_4: this was how the story club came into enxsystance
	layer_6: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_8: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_10: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_12: this was how the story club came into existence

file: 700-122866-0031.flac
expected: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opined that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_2: no boyce were a lowd in eint oltheur wrube guiluc a pind that ther admission would make et moreksiting and each member hed topartiecs one story o meak
	layer_4: no boycs were alowed in it althe rouby gilus a pine that their admission would make it more ek siting an each member had to prduce one story o weak
	layer_6: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillus af pine that their admission would make it morek siting an each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_8: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis of pine that their admission would make it morexciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_10: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis o pine that their admission would make it mor exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_12: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis of pine that their admission would make it morexciting and each member had to produce one story a week

file: 700-122866-0032.flac
expected: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_2: ea' girlas the read er story outland and then me t alke et over
	layer_4: each girl les the reader story outlod and then me talk it over
	layer_6: each girl hast to read her story outloud and then we talk it over
	layer_8: each girl has to read her story out laud and then we talk it over
	layer_10: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_12: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over

file: 700-122866-0033.flac
expected: mine is rosamond montmorency all the girls do pretty well
	layer_2: my nis rosa mond mond moresere all the grlse pretty baut
	layer_4: minis rosemond mont morcer allthe girlse pretty bout
	layer_6: mine is rosa mond montmorsery all he girl see pretty bou
	layer_8: mine is rosamond montemorcory all the girls see pretty bouw
	layer_10: mine is rosemond montmorcory all the girls see pretty woul
	layer_12: mine is rosemond montemorcory all the girls see pretty wou

file: 700-122866-0034.flac
expected: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_2: anmd sur that must have l hols in thofh factt
	layer_4: ia'm sure that must have a holese onm the ftat
	layer_6: i'm sure that must have a holeson the flact
	layer_8: i'm sure that must have a holese in the fact
	layer_10: i'm sure that must have a holse in the flat
	layer_12: i'm sure that must have a holse in the fat

file: 700-122866-0035.flac
expected: the moral is the great thing mister allan says so
	layer_2: the morl was the gratthing misterallan saso
	layer_4: the morwas the great thing mister elan say so
	layer_6: the more was the great thing mister ellin said so
	layer_8: the more was the great thing mister ellen saids so
	layer_10: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_12: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so

file: 700-122866-0036.flac
expected: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_2: i rad one a my storis to him ind missusalen and they bothegrey that the morel as exlent
	layer_4: i red one tof my storyies to him ind missus alin and they both agree that the moral wus excellent
	layer_6: i read one of my stories to him in missus allan and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_8: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_10: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_12: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent

file: 700-122866-0037.flac
expected: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_2: jenand ro be almust always crim hen i come to the pa thetic parts
	layer_4: jenan ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_6: jene and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_8: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_10: jan and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_12: jan and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts

file: 700-122866-0038.flac
expected: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_2: mis jusifing bary brout back that she had never ret anything so imusing in her life
	layer_4: miss jesiphing bury brote back that she had never red anything so aimusing in her life
	layer_6: miss jesiphine bery brote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_8: miss josephine bary wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_10: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_12: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life

file: 700-122866-0039.flac
expected: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_2: i'm sur missusollemn was neversac ho silly forgetful little girl as you ae
	layer_4: i'm sure missus allen was never such a silli forget ful little girl as you are
	layer_6: i 'm sure missus allin was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_8: i am sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_10: i'm sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_12: i'm sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are

file: 700-122866-0040.flac
expected: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_2: i felt so nccurage wen me herd that
	layer_4: i felt so incurage en le heard that
	layer_6: i felt so incouraged when e heard that
	layer_8: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_10: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_12: i felt so encouraged when i heard that

file: 700-122866-0041.flac
expected: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_2: missus lin has she oays fil's shocked en to hears of anyone ever hadving been nody yneu mutter housema ther were
	layer_4: missus linds as she oys fillt shocked towhensho hears of any one ever having been nagttiy you mutter houemallther were
	layer_6: missus lynds says she always filled shocked when she hears of any one ever having been natghty you'r matter hows small they were
	layer_8: missus lynde says she always felleds shocked when she hears of any one ever having been natghty you'r matter how small they were
	layer_10: missus lynde says she always feel shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_12: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naughty no matter how small they were

file: 700-122866-0042.flac
expected: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_2: now i wuln't hear feltdhat way
	layer_4: now i wuldn't have felt hat way
	layer_6: now i wouldn't have felt taut way
	layer_8: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_10: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_12: now i wouldn't have felt that way

file: 6467-94831-0000.flac
expected: peleg snuggers the general utility man of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedarville to which place they had journeyed from ithaca on the regular afternoon boat running up cayuga lake
	layer_2: pelex nacers de genra ltlytiyg man of the hall had justprod theboys op from cet erf vil to itxslace ty had juneed from i tarker on dhe r i gloare after no in bo pronning up ce you brolick
	layer_4: pelics mnackers the geneal leartly ty maen of the hall had just broad the boys up from cedrvill to wic place thy had journeed from e takar on the regleard after noon boad prunning up cr you ollic
	layer_6: pelexnucces the general lotly deman of the hol had just brouaght the boys up from chadrevill to ichs place they had journeeed from etarker on the reglar afternoon boad running up caugalic
	layer_8: pelex nackes the general lledyman of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedreville to its place they had journeyed from itarka on the regular afternoon boat running up cayubralic
	layer_10: pellox smackers the general lieogledyman of the hall had just brought the boys up from chidreville to its place they had journeyed from itarka on the regular afternoon boat running up caubralic
	layer_12: pellox smackers the general lieocletyman of the hall had just brought the boys up from chidreville to its place they had journeyed from itarka on the regular afternoon boat running up caheubralic

file: 6467-94831-0001.flac
expected: with the rovers had come fred garrison larry colby and several others of their old school chums
	layer_2: tlidtit awas had gome fret gatisn lady colbi and sierelothers ofted old scoocehoms
	layer_4: liketed ovars had come tfred gatison lat di colby and siveralothers of ted old schoolgehoms
	layer_6: lickeded overs had come fred garizon lady colby and several others of ther old schooljoms
	layer_8: lifed overs had come fred gadison laddi colby and several others of thei old school joms
	layer_10: lifted overs had come fredgallison laddie colby and several others of thei old schooljumps
	layer_12: lifted overs had come fredgaldison laddie colby and several others of thei old schooljumps

file: 6467-94831-0002.flac
expected: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_2: iil howvly dalm wister strong
	layer_4: iw how udo yo dal om wiser stong
	layer_6: ih hw wcdo you dale or mister strong
	layer_8: o how cd you dail wel mister strong
	layer_10: o how goldo ye dailel mister strong
	layer_12: o how godo yeu dailwel mister strong

file: 6467-94831-0003.flac
expected: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_2: and hehadt an to mede to had teater
	layer_4: and he t an to mede te had titer
	layer_6: and he tan to me the had teacher
	layer_8: and he han to me the head teacher
	layer_10: and he an to meet the head teacher
	layer_12: and he an to met the head teacher

file: 6467-94831-0004.flac
expected: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george strong
	layer_2: tel  tomis i hope you have left all dyour fprans ehind abe so jod stong
	layer_4: wel thomise i hope you have left all dyour prangs thehind osot jord stonk
	layer_6: well thomas i hope you have left all dyeour prangs behind obsout geord stonk
	layer_8: well thomas i hope you have left all deur franks behind obsered geores tonk
	layer_10: well thomas i hope you have left all thour franks behind observed george stonk
	layer_12: well thomas i hope you have left all tyeour franks behind observed george stonk

file: 6467-94831-0005.flac
expected: hullo aleck
	layer_2: holloelick
	layer_4: hollow elack
	layer_6: hollow alac
	layer_8: holloalac
	layer_10: hollowalac
	layer_12: hollo walac

file: 6467-94831-0006.flac
expected: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_2: ie gag foiteen houns and
	layer_4: i've gain fifteen founs and
	layer_6: i've gain fifteen pounds and
	layer_8: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_10: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_12: i've gained fifteen pounds and

file: 6467-94831-0007.flac
expected: yo lemme go sah yo is stickin pins in my hand howled pop
	layer_2: you'l led me go se youl asticken trince and my hand hold pap
	layer_4: you'r led me go say you'r es stickend pinse and my hand hold pop
	layer_6: you'rl led me go say your istick ind prine in my hand hold pop
	layer_8: you'r let me go say your he stick and printe in my hand hold pop
	layer_10: you'll let me go say your i stick and prints in my hand hold pop
	layer_12: you'll let me go say your a stick and prints in my hand hold pop

file: 6467-94831-0008.flac
expected: he moaned as tom ran off throwing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_2: he moned a stol ran off toing of aysef o tliny tack as he dedt si
	layer_4: he moned astome bran off towing o a seev l piny taxk as he did si
	layer_6: he mouned a stome ran off towing a a sevi tiny tax as he did so
	layer_8: he mouned a stom ran off towing avey several cliny taxs as he did so
	layer_10: he mouned as storm ran off towing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_12: he mouned as storm ran off towing away several tiny tacks as he did so

file: 6467-94831-0009.flac
expected: so you've come back have you
	layer_2: si you fon ba have you
	layer_4: so your fuonback have you
	layer_6: so you'e comback have you
	layer_8: so you've come back have you
	layer_10: so you've come back have you
	layer_12: so you've come back have you

file: 6467-94831-0010.flac
expected: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_2: abserd missuscrein astom stopped id the kit engdor
	layer_4: observed missus crean astorm stopped i the kiting door
	layer_6: observed missus green as torm stopped at the kitching door
	layer_8: observed missus green a storm stopped at the kitcheng door
	layer_10: observed missus creen as storm stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_12: observed missus creene as storm stopped at the kitchen door

file: 6467-94831-0011.flac
expected: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_2: aske ome and thent his fa so
	layer_4: asked thom and thet his fase el
	layer_6: asked hom and thent his face frell
	layer_8: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_10: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_12: asked tom and then his face fell

file: 6467-94831-0012.flac
expected: oh dear you always did put me down as the worst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against his coat sleeve
	layer_2: o dar you all isd it put me down as therst woy in te scoo men i i do my thea he besd and almost sobbing tomt prt is ace of agansicogts leve
	layer_4: o dear you all thes i put me down asthe virst woy in theschool mean eie i do my bet he best and almost sobbing dom put tis face of again t tacotsleved
	layer_6: o dear you alwhays did put me down as the virst boy in the schoold when i i do my bey best and almost sobbing tonm put his face of against the cot sleee
	layer_8: oh dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing don't put his face opf against the coatsleev
	layer_10: oh dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing don't put his face off against the coat sleeve
	layer_12: oh dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing don't put his face off against the coat leeve

file: 6467-94831-0013.flac
expected: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_2: missuscrein was than e tendtoa heardte in spuite off or some wha freeet hun an she was all sympuet the inmedyitly
	layer_4: missus crean was then he tend her hearted in spite offer somewhat freet hung an she was all sympeaty immediatly
	layer_6: missus green was ver he teneder hearted in spite offher somewhat freet hung and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_8: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat freat hung and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_10: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat freat hung and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_12: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat freit hung and she was all sympathy immediately

file: 6467-94831-0014.flac
expected: there there tom i didn't mean to hurt your feelings she said soothingly
	layer_2: dead ther s ham i' dan' men to har your feelings hi said soing ly
	layer_4: tead ther ats harm i do't mean to hear your feedings hes aid sulingly
	layer_6: tdeare there a's horm i don't mean to heart your feelings hes said soutingly
	layer_8: there there's home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_10: there there ats home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_12: there there at's home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly

file: 6467-94831-0015.flac
expected: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_2: i i d a know so tom
	layer_4: i i  d a know sopbtom
	layer_6: i id o't know sob tom
	layer_8: i i d't know sobed tom
	layer_10: i i dn know sobbed tom
	layer_12: i i dun know sobbed tom

file: 6467-94831-0016.flac
expected: come sit down and have the pie that's a good boy
	layer_2: com si down and have upy les gerd boy
	layer_4: come said down and have a pi tlhat's agood boy
	layer_6: come sit down and have a pie that's a god boy
	layer_8: come sit down and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_10: come sit down and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_12: come sit down and have a pie that's a good boy

file: 6467-94831-0017.flac
expected: it's really like home he murmured presently
	layer_2: a scarly likte home he mobert presently
	layer_4: a scarly like home he mobered presently
	layer_6: i scarely ligke home he mubured presently
	layer_8: it squarely ligke home he murmured presently
	layer_10: it squarely light home he murmured presently
	layer_12: it squarely light home he murmured presently

file: 6467-94831-0018.flac
expected: missus green when you die they ought to erect an awfully big monument over your grave
	layer_2: missusgren bhe youw dye lhey op to ad ec and offly big mondument a wirlyour grage
	layer_4: misus green when now di ley ouhp to etac an offly big mondument o will your grave
	layer_6: missus green when you die they ougtd to edec am owftully big mornument or will your grave
	layer_8: missus green when you die tey out to edoc an awfully big monument or will your grave
	layer_10: missus greene when you die ley out to edoch an awefully big monument or will your grave
	layer_12: missus greene when you die ley out to edock an awefully big monument or will your grave

file: 6467-94831-0019.flac
expected: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_2: hont fas hatruble tom tansunt
	layer_4: wat foars he trouble tom thenzomsia
	layer_6: what fors her trouble tom en sumption
	layer_8: what fas her trouble tom consumption
	layer_10: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_12: what was her trouble tom consumption

file: 6467-94831-0020.flac
expected: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_2: and yet withit all shecoeld hin hel wut ligke the boy
	layer_4: and yet with it all she could in help mut like the boy
	layer_6: and yet with it all she could nt help wit like the boy
	layer_8: and yet with it all she couldn't help wut like the boy
	layer_10: and yet with it all she couldn't help mut like the boy
	layer_12: and yet with it all she couldn't help mut like the boy

file: 6467-94831-0021.flac
expected: an to think the term's just begun
	layer_2: anto thint thesterme sus pegan
	layer_4: and to think thesterm ses began
	layer_6: and to think this termses began
	layer_8: and to think this terms yus began
	layer_10: and to think this terms jus began
	layer_12: and to think this terms jus began

file: 6467-94831-0022.flac
expected: and he mopped his brow with his red bandanna handkerchief
	layer_2: and he oedhis bpole with histredg mandener hand ces if
	layer_4: and he moed hisbod with hispred man dane handcetif
	layer_6: and he mobed hisbod with his read bendanna handkerchief
	layer_8: and he moved his boad with his tred man danar handkerchief
	layer_10: and he mopbed his boa with his tread man danna handkerchief
	layer_12: and he mopbed his boa with his tread man danna handkerchief

file: 6467-94831-0023.flac
expected: wot kind of a joke is that master rover
	layer_2: what dine of jlk i s tat  must et a war
	layer_4: what cryind of teoke is that masteradower
	layer_6: what clin of cok is that master dova
	layer_8: what kind of cok is that mastere ove
	layer_10: what kind of tak is that master dovar
	layer_12: what kind of tak is that master dovar

file: 6467-94831-0024.flac
expected: oh it's no joke you are handsome
	layer_2: ots noto je r hand som
	layer_4: oght's no to jok  handsome
	layer_6: ots not a joke you handsome
	layer_8: ots not a joke you're handsome
	layer_10: ot's not a joke you're handsome
	layer_12: ot's not a joke you'r a handsome

file: 6467-94831-0025.flac
expected: have you got a camera to be sure here it is
	layer_2: have yon got a camirer to be shaw haad torts
	layer_4: have you got a camite to be so hed a tis
	layer_6: have you got to cameter to be shur hdatis
	layer_8: have you got ta cameda to be sure heyle tis
	layer_10: have yo got a cameda to be sure halra tis
	layer_12: have yo got a cameda to be sure halra tis

file: 6467-94831-0026.flac
expected: sam drew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_2: sam tow a f iny boks from his pokege
	layer_4: sam do itiany boxs from hispocket
	layer_6: sam do attiny box from his pockeg
	layer_8: sam do a tiny box from his pockete
	layer_10: sam drew a tiny box from his pockete
	layer_12: sam drew a tiny box from his pockete

file: 6467-94831-0027.flac
expected: now stand still and i'll take a snap shot
	layer_2: ho stan stoi and out hake es natholt
	layer_4: eol stand till an not ake is natholt
	layer_6: your stands still ad not take his nahot
	layer_8: tyheyll stands still and no take is snap shot
	layer_10: the' stand still and now take itsnapshot
	layer_12: the' stand still and now take is snapshot

file: 6467-94831-0028.flac
expected: now stand straight and look happy
	layer_2: non stan ofb state and leke happy
	layer_4: no stand of stat and lookd happy
	layer_6: non stan up strate and lookd happy
	layer_8: don' stand up straight and look happy
	layer_10: dont stand up straight and look happy
	layer_12: dont stand up straight and look happy

file: 6467-94831-0029.flac
expected: cried sam as a crowd collected around
	layer_2: hyi sm is the co lect ed ot ond
	layer_4: grit san is a co colected ot ownd
	layer_6: grie sam as a cowk collected our ond
	layer_8: cried sam as a cow collected or ond
	layer_10: cried sam as a crow collected our ond
	layer_12: cried sam as a crow collected our ond

file: 6467-94831-0030.flac
expected: raise you right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do
	layer_2: atays ot i hand to e arbrest testis oll staeman do
	layer_4: reis your i hand to eourbrest tes this olld staesman du
	layer_6: res your y hand to youre best just tis old statesmen do
	layer_8: reisyeur ight hand to your best just as old statesmen do
	layer_10: raisyr right hand to your brest just as old statesmen do
	layer_12: rasyr right hand to your brest just as old statesmen do

file: 6467-94831-0031.flac
expected: now wait a minute and the picture will be finished
	layer_2: nobeaet a mran it and the irts ofwia befeinis
	layer_4: no grad e minite and the fis of ill be finis
	layer_6: no grata minute and the fitt if will be finice
	layer_8: no greater minute and the fitzr will be finished
	layer_10: no greater minute and the fitse will be finished
	layer_12: no greater minute and the fits will be finished

file: 6467-94831-0032.flac
expected: no this is a new patented process
	layer_2: no tdiss a knew patinmted proces
	layer_4: no tisis a knew patimted proces
	layer_6: no this is a new paytempted froses
	layer_8: no this is a new pay temtid froces
	layer_10: no this is a new paytempted froses
	layer_12: no this is a new pay tempted froses

file: 6467-94831-0033.flac
expected: sam drew a square of tin from the box
	layer_2: sam te us gward of theten from the bovs
	layer_4: samp to us grard of the ten from the bovs
	layer_6: samtu usquared of the tin from the box
	layer_8: sam tew a square of the tin from the box
	layer_10: sam tlrew a square of the tint from the box
	layer_12: sam trew a square of the tin from the box

file: 6467-94831-0034.flac
expected: i don't see any picture growled snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_2: i don'tsee ind ipithurp gro snogers thooking ato sgwert blangtly
	layer_4: i don't see andy picur grown snoggers looking at te squar blankly
	layer_6: i don't see any piccur groan snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_8: i don't see any ficcthur groaned snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_10: i don't see any picher groaned snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_12: i don't see any pitcher groaned snuggers looking at the square blankly

file: 6467-94831-0035.flac
expected: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_2: i e late fresieat
	layer_4: i saliten fresaet
	layer_6: i seltle freshiyet
	layer_8: i sa little fresh yete
	layer_10: i sea little fresh yet
	layer_12: i sea little fresh yet

file: 6467-94831-0036.flac
expected: the boys gathered around set up a shout
	layer_2: he bys ga tat aownd set up a shof
	layer_4: e bys gatet alon set up a shot
	layer_6: the boys gatered alound set up a shat
	layer_8: twhe boys gathered around set up a shut
	layer_10: the boys gathered around set up a shaf
	layer_12: the boys gathered around set up a shaf

file: 6467-94831-0037.flac
expected: sam rover i'll git square see if i don't
	layer_2: sam rover i ket's cer seef ie ton't
	layer_4: samlover i' gitsquar sef i don't
	layer_6: samlover i'l get square seeif i don't
	layer_8: samlover i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_10: samlover i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_12: samlover i'll get square see if i don't

file: 6467-94831-0038.flac
expected: demanded sam innocently isn't it a good picture
	layer_2: the munde taein isendly isinlad uf cood pikciur
	layer_4: le munde taminiscently misnlead avf cod piktur
	layer_6: remarnded same minicently isnlat ov good picture
	layer_8: demanded saminocently isint lte of good picture
	layer_10: demanded sam inocently ist lade of good picture
	layer_12: demanded sam innocently ist laite of good picture

file: 6467-94831-0039.flac
expected: show me off for a donkey
	layer_2: somhe afke fr i doneky
	layer_4: so me afe forli danquey
	layer_6: su me ofe furly don qui
	layer_8: su me osfed for ta donkey
	layer_10: sume ofed for a donkey
	layer_12: sume ofed for a donkey

file: 6467-94831-0040.flac
expected: a donkey oh peleg i did nothing of the kind
	layer_2: a donky ots helic i deds nothing of te tind
	layer_4: adon kuy olh helioc ei deds nothing of the find
	layer_6: adon kuy od heleck i did nothing of the find
	layer_8: a donkey old helek i did nothing of the find
	layer_10: a donkey old heleck i did nothing of the find
	layer_12: a donkey old heleck i did nothing of the find

file: 6467-94831-0041.flac
expected: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_2: it a don'kis had usay
	layer_4: it a donkeys head orsay
	layer_6: it a donkey's head aresai
	layer_8: it a donkey's head are say
	layer_10: it's a donkey's head ar sa
	layer_12: it's a donkey's head ar sa

file: 6467-94831-0042.flac
expected: and i say it's your picture
	layer_2: and i sa t you  pectur
	layer_4: and i say your pictur
	layer_6: and i say to your pictur
	layer_8: and i say it your picture
	layer_10: an i say it's your picture
	layer_12: an i say it's your picture

file: 6467-94831-0043.flac
expected: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it master rover
	layer_2: i gus i knowadot ese head wheni seed r nste a whr
	layer_4: i gus i know  donky's head wetn i seid rasterd ower
	layer_6: i guess i know a donky's head when i see it rusther dover
	layer_8: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it rusted over
	layer_10: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it rasted over
	layer_12: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it rasted over

file: 6467-94831-0044.flac
expected: peleg there is some mistake here
	layer_2: halac ter a somee stake ure
	layer_4: helic tee a somhestake he
	layer_6: helock theyre te somestake here
	layer_8: helleck deyd a sume mistake here
	layer_10: halleck they'rd a some mistake here
	layer_12: haleck tey'rd a some mistake here

file: 6467-94831-0045.flac
expected: oh you can't joke me no more
	layer_2: a'r you cin olt me no mor
	layer_4: or you cind jok me no mort
	layer_6: or you cind joked me no more
	layer_8: or you kind joked me no more
	layer_10: or you kind joked me no more
	layer_12: or you kind joked me no more

file: 6467-97061-0000.flac
expected: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_2: hon night twhen bosh isleping deprinc had at mark widram
	layer_4: one night when poth wa sleeping the prince had a marke bel deam
	layer_6: one night when post wer sleeping the prince had a markabill dam
	layer_8: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_10: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_12: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream

file: 6467-97061-0001.flac
expected: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their former precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_2: the r ust into the oom add it their crisd wou hers and furggiting all their fom of ricotions lefte tooof's open sodthert the gat ouside he rding te claer in turd and solt efpteance
	layer_4: the arushed into the oon adet their cries twou hers and furgeting all ther form orf precoutions left te toors open so that the gats ouside hearing the clamer intered and soteprane
	layer_6: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and furgetting all their form erf precautions left the doors opened so that the gards outside hearing the clamber entered and sawthe prince
	layer_8: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_10: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_12: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince

file: 6467-97061-0002.flac
expected: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_2: she is at destraced to her familly and shel soo see her huspent im paed on a stake
	layer_4: she is a disgrace to her family and sheal soon see her husband im payled on a stake
	layer_6: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soo see her husband impaled on astake
	layer_8: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impeled on astake
	layer_10: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impeled on a stake
	layer_12: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impeled on a stake

file: 6467-97061-0003.flac
expected: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful frown he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the room
	layer_2: thenmat his for had tisfigred by aferfuul from he contin yud to a buseatprince an havingtid his hands behind him dace him frome therom
	layer_4: thenmut his for had disfigard by afear ful from he continued two a puse prince and havintied his hands behind him ticked him from the room
	layer_6: then with his fore had disfigart by afearful from he continued to abuse te prince and having tied his hands behind him tagked him from the room
	layer_8: then with his forehead disfigured by our fear ful from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tragged him from the groom
	layer_10: then with his forehead disfigured by our fear full from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the gloom
	layer_12: then with his forehead disfigured by ar fear full from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the gloom

file: 6467-97061-0004.flac
expected: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected rajavahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic jewel given to him in patala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_2: treaeded thus lie some wild peast dole shaken and netlectered ra hif a hana would havesof ear gratly ha ha noct bee ntrotected by the magy trot givin to him in paurdthalla and wich he had com tivd to conseil in his her
	layer_4: treded thus like some wile peast roucle shaken and neclected ragif a hana would have soff er gcratly had he not been trotected by the magec welt given to him in patala and which he had comtrived to conceled in his her
	layer_6: treated thus like some wild feast droghly shaken and neclected rage ofahana would have soffer greatly had he not ben protected by the magictwellh given to him in partala and which he had comtrived to concealed in his har
	layer_8: treated thus like some wild peast roughly shaken and neglected rageofvahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic twellth given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_10: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected ragevahanna would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic twelt given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_12: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected ragevahanna would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic twelth given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair

file: 6467-97061-0005.flac
expected: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_2: ad fancing therfor with alage ar we he prepet to beseidgh sompuar the capitllcity
	layer_4: atpancing therefore with au large arwi he preped to be sege sympa the capitalcitit
	layer_6: advancing therefore with a large armi he prepeed to be sieg sempa the capital ceri
	layer_8: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besieg campa the capital city
	layer_10: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital ciri
	layer_12: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege shampa the capital cire

file: 6467-97061-0006.flac
expected: a terrible battle ensued in which both kings performed prodigies of valour
	layer_2: ad hetriable battle ind sud in whiths pot kings wr fomdt crot ges or walle
	layer_4: and eribled battle and sued in which portkings ere formed prodthges off valla
	layer_6: unherrible battle ensued in which bort kings were formed prodegees of vella
	layer_8: an herible battle ensued in which botkings were formed prodigees of velo
	layer_10: a herrible battle ensued in which bot kings were formed prodigies of valo
	layer_12: a herrible battle ensued in which boat kings were formed prodigies of valor

file: 6467-97061-0007.flac
expected: should there be any pity for the violator of the harem
	layer_2: shu theat be anypity fo the viyalater o to hadom
	layer_4: sholh theat be any pity for the violator of the hadom
	layer_6: should theart be any pity for the violater of the hadom
	layer_8: sould there be any pity for the violator of the haam
	layer_10: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadam
	layer_12: should there be any pity for the violator of the hatam

file: 6467-97061-0008.flac
expected: if the old king my father now in his dotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_2: af the old kging my fader know in his stiltate was folihono to favor the cromano for the sackce of aswertlestaurter you had nor ne off his fyr mishion an ot noct to half wen inf incs fby him
	layer_4: at the old king my father now in his stotati was follithonogh to favour the crominal for the sake of his wortless arter you had no nee off his formision and ogt not to have ben infelece by him
	layer_6: af the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his wortless daughter you had no need of his formision and ought not to have been influence by him
	layer_8: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his wortdless daughter you had no need of his formission ind ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_10: if the old king my father now in his totage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his formission it ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_12: if the old king my father now in his totage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his formission it ought not to have been influenced by him

file: 6467-97061-0009.flac
expected: let that vile seducer be immediately put to death by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_2: let lhet lie ha gusered weinmedit y per to let by tothur and is fat am ar be shalt oup and prisen dhe icom
	layer_4: let that wis e gusered we immediay purto get by tautur and his faremo be shall oup and prison the i come
	layer_6: let that while satusard be immediately pu toget by tarter and his faramo bi shall up and prison til i come
	layer_8: let that while teguset be immediately put to geath by torture and his faramor be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_10: let that wile se gusert be immediately put to death by torture and his faramor be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_12: let that while se gusert be immediately put to death by torture and his faramor be shut up in prison till i come

file: 6467-97061-0010.flac
expected: have ready also a fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall mount immediately after the wedding to overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_2: haetredy also of fers ali ent souot bl  wiopd which i se ha ont imeditly affer the veding who awu tac my ar me an much a gans the anery and as i sit out i e make teelifhenet tam e de life out ofthact crimi
	layer_4: have ready also of fears alifent cuitibl equipped which i sawont immediately affter the veling who alvertak my ar me in murch agains the enewy and as i sid out i will make the elepenet tumple delife out of thac crimill
	layer_6: have ready also of fiearce elephant suitably equipped which i shal want immediately after the wedling who orver take my are me ain march against the enewy and as i set out i will make the elephant tample de life out of that crimeal
	layer_8: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my ar my in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant tample e life out of that criminal
	layer_10: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the wedding who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_12: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the wedding who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal

file: 6467-97061-0011.flac
expected: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_2: hit hastoo derd gom ny arading deth wits snol semed in evita bl he sirly felt his feetd fre and ap beautifua lady af preared before him
	layer_4: wit haestold did gamelyaading death wish nawl seemed in evitable he serly velt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_6: whil he stoood therd camely araiting death who nowl seemed inevitable he seredly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_8: while he stood there calmly avating death whih snow seemed inevitable he sudenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_10: while he stood there calmly awating death the snow seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_12: while he stood there calmly awating death the snow seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him

file: 6467-97061-0012.flac
expected: she humbly bowing down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_2: she hum ly bong downe said let my lored bardan hes servandt fothinjury which she has and conscious we caus
	layer_4: she humly bong down said let my lod parden hisservent forthe ingury which she has and conscious ly caused
	layer_6: she humbly bong down said let my lord parden his servent for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_8: she humbly bone downsaid let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_10: she humblybone down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_12: she humblybone down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused

file: 6467-97061-0013.flac
expected: i am an apsaras born from the rays of the moon
	layer_2: i am an abtes bon trom taras of the moon
	layer_4: im an abeds bon from therays of the moon
	layer_6: i am in absurs born from the days of the moon
	layer_8: i am in absirus borne from the days of the moon
	layer_10: i am in absilos born from the days of the moon
	layer_12: i am in absiros born from the days of the moon

file: 6467-97061-0014.flac
expected: one day as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotus flower attacked me
	layer_2: onday as i wasflying tow de ert wertting a wite tress a son estaking we fort a lo toslar  a cack ry
	layer_4: londay as i was lin to uh the eir barding of whittres aswon istaking wef for ar loto slad o tackwe
	layer_6: onday as i was sflying towoo the air bearing o whit dress a son istaking mwe for e lotosladat tack we
	layer_8: moneday as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistakieng me for a lotoslauht attackwy
	layer_10: mone day as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotuslauher attackeme
	layer_12: monday as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotuslawher attackeme

file: 6467-97061-0015.flac
expected: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_2: in his anger he gurs me sain o wrck it von for this affence you uretmn denp to be chainsed ind ae peaced of anconsious metttle
	layer_4: in his anger he gurs me saing oh wickedon for this affence you artonden to be changed ino a peace of inconscious mettle
	layer_6: in his anger he gursed me saying o weckedone for this offene you aretondemne to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_8: in his anger he gursd me saying oh wicked one for this offencse you aret condeme to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_10: in his anger he curs me saying oh wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_12: in his anger he curs me saying oh wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal

file: 6467-97061-0016.flac
expected: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_2: the change too plath g meditl and i folled to the ground tin ant wil so aeh chain
	layer_4: the change to placemmeditly and i fell to the cround trn ant wil sciva chan
	layer_6: the change to place mediately and i fell to the ground turn intoa civechain
	layer_8: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn into a cilver chain
	layer_10: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn into a cilver chain
	layer_12: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn into a cilver chain

file: 6467-97061-0017.flac
expected: on his way he saw the silver fetter descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_2: on his bey he sawdhef sid ler freto be sendet to the gown tick did up and countongnu it his fight
	layer_4: on his vay he saw the cyldver freto the sendit to the goun picke d it up and continau ite his fight
	layer_6: on his vay he saw the cilver frettled the sendit to the ground picked it up ind continue wite his fight
	layer_8: on his way he saw the silver frettle descend it to the ground picked it up and continue with his fight
	layer_10: on his way he saw the silver frettele descend it to the ground picked it up and continued his fight
	layer_12: on his way he saw the silver frettele descend it to the ground picked it up and continued his fight

file: 6467-97061-0018.flac
expected: the slayer of chandavarma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_2: lheslat of tentrw ad mire hearing gthiscame ortof the palesand plickly w ounking thealifient who had down his tonk sho to seive him laced hmesel behind t fince
	layer_4: lheslae of tenterwhared mie hering this came ort o the pales and qickly mounting the eliphent who held town his tonk who the ceive him laced himself behind the pince
	layer_6: theslae of tendrowardma hearing this came out o the palae and quickly mounting the elephent ho held down his tonk to deceive him plased himself behind the prince
	layer_8: this late of tendrowardma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elehant who held down his tunku to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_10: this later of tendrowarmar hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his tonk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_12: this laier of tendrowarmar hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his tonk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince

file: 6467-97061-0019.flac
expected: great was their mutual astonishment and joy when they recognised each other the prince exclaiming is it possible
	layer_2: gaegefor tenerecho e stonersh mentd an jy oe han dathi cocnatu choth u thepins exlaiming is it osible
	layer_4: gage forl thedreachuu a sthonishment and jy of than data cacnaee ch other tepins exclaiming is it ossible
	layer_6: gagefor then weachto lta stonishment en joy than de ta ignazed each other depense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_8: gade fors send reachl astonishment and joy than day recognagd each other defens exclaiming is it possible
	layer_10: grage forsend reachel astonishment and joy then da recognized each other defense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_12: grag forsend reachel astonishment and joy then day recognized each other defens exclaiming is it possible

file: 6467-97061-0020.flac
expected: is it really you my dear friend apaharavarma who have done this deed
	layer_2: is atreally yu myg dear friend ap eheard of armar who have tdon tdhe steed
	layer_4: is a greally you mygh dear friend up aharr ofvermo who have don te steed
	layer_6: is it really you myt dear friend up a harrovarma who have done thisteed
	layer_8: is it really you my dear friend apahadwerma who have done this teed
	layer_10: is it really you my dear friend apaharwerma who have done this deed
	layer_12: is it really you my dear friend apaharwerma who have done this deed

file: 6467-97061-0021.flac
expected: through these they forced their way employing with good effect the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of chandavarma
	layer_2: two tes theiffors theirdway andlying with gool a fec the ar pans lace on the erifend for the yus of tendef ardmar
	layer_4: two these theyr fore their bay and plying with good aiffext th vapansplaced on the elifent for the us of cenderf erdma
	layer_6: two these theyfforsed their way implying with good affects the vapensplaced on the edlefant for the use of cendrvarma
	layer_8: to these they fforsed their way implying with good effects the vapons placed on the edephant for the use of cendrverma
	layer_10: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the wepans placed on the elephant for the use of sanderma
	layer_12: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the wepans placed on the elephant for the use of candroerma

file: 6467-97061-0022.flac
expected: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_2: weforrt havevar te had gon far ne heard the nice offpattl at ad justance and sow the solties an ftronofh them scatered in oll doretionce
	layer_4: before havever the had gone fa ne heard the noise of pattle at at justance and saw the soldies and fronfh them scatered in all darauctians
	layer_6: before howeever they had gone far they heard the noise of pattle at atdistance and saw the soldiers and fronof them scattered in all direuctions
	layer_8: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_10: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_12: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions

file: 6467-97061-0023.flac
expected: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_2: me have just knol and contered and utly tefreated the enime so that thet as no fer of any for tit asistence
	layer_4: me have just now and comtered and utirly defeated the eneymy so that thead as no fhiear of any for the asistance
	layer_6: me have just now ancoumtered and uttrly defeated the enemy so that there is no far of any for the ressistance
	layer_8: we have just now encomfortered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further ressistance
	layer_10: we have just now enconfortered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_12: we have just now enconfortered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance

file: 6467-97061-0024.flac
expected: rajavahana agreed to this
	layer_2: ad i te mour har ree to tis
	layer_4: and i de mo hegre to this
	layer_6: and i diy ha greed to this
	layer_8: and i dey har agreetd to this
	layer_10: and i defie hir agreed to this
	layer_12: and i devie hor agreed to this

file: 6467-62797-0000.flac
expected: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_2: otof curiosity he hung one of them osie his house
	layer_4: ort of curiosity he hungk one of them ozide his house
	layer_6: out of curiosity he hung one of them ousided his house
	layer_8: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_10: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_12: ot of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house

file: 6467-62797-0001.flac
expected: in cases of scorpion sting dommara medicine men rub up patent boluses with human milk or juice of the milk hedge plant euphorbia tirucalli and apply them to the parts
	layer_2: in cases of sco insting the mur amatisand men ro up pateend plowses wae human milk or jus ofte mel catehtlant you fort piar ti oec cally an af li them to the farts
	layer_4: incases of scot in stingt the murarmedisan men rub up patan plouses whi human milk or juse of the mil hatch flant you fort pia to rucaly and a fli them to the pfarts
	layer_6: in cases of scort in stinckt the maramedicene men rub up patent plouses with human milk or jeise of the milk hedg sflent you fourt pie therucaley and affly them to the parts
	layer_8: in cases of scortinstinct the mara medicine men drub up patent plouses with human milk or juice of the milk hetd plant you for pierr thrucali and affly them to the parts
	layer_10: in cases of scotwinsting the mara medicine men rub up paytent flouses with human milk or juice of the milk hetch flant you fort pier throug cali and apply them to the parts
	layer_12: in cases of scotinsting the mara medicine men rub up paytent flouses with human milk or juice of the milk hetch flant you fort piear through cali and apply them to the parts

file: 6467-62797-0002.flac
expected: when the umbilical cord of a kondh baby sloughs off a spider is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a cocoanut shell mixed with castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navel
	layer_2: then the umvelicall card of uforned bebeselos of aspideat as bind in the fier and its asshes a place in ticolpen a sho muxht wi castr yl and ap lied by means of a fols sfether to the navl
	layer_4: when the umbolical guard of a forned pabis las off aspied hat as bond in the fire and its ashes ar placed in a copenit shell mechs wit castr oil and aplied by means off a foules father to the navle
	layer_6: when the umpolical gord of a coned pabys lows off aspid har is burned in the fire and its ashes aur place in a openit shell mex wit caster oil and applied by means of a fowls feather to the nabl
	layer_8: when the umvolical gard of a coned babies lows of aspider is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in acopenit shell mext wirth caster oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navl
	layer_10: when the umvolical gard of aconed babies laws off a spider is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in e coponit shell mext with castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the naval
	layer_12: when the unvolical gard of arconed babies laws off a spider is burnd in the fire and its ashes are placed in ecopenits shell mext wit castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the naval

file: 6467-62797-0003.flac
expected: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settles on the cloth
	layer_2: te encol the teadmand py his namehan eagerly vat tos someen sex citle on dhe'cloft
	layer_4: ne vhen calle the dead man by his name and eagerly waite tils someensectcettle on the cloft
	layer_6: dhe then called the dead man by his name and eagerly weite till some insec cittle on the cloth
	layer_8: hey then called the dead man by his name and eagerly waite till some insect settle on the cloth
	layer_10: they then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_12: the then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth

file: 6467-62797-0004.flac
expected: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_2: bledas descried as osing out ofes ys
	layer_4: bled was describd as onsing out of ist eyes
	layer_6: bled was described as uzing out of hist eyes
	layer_8: bloed was described as oosing out of his eys
	layer_10: bloed was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_12: bloed was described as oozing out of his eyes

file: 6467-62797-0005.flac
expected: make the patient suck the milk of the breast of a woman whose baby is more than eighty days old
	layer_2: mae the pasion su the milke of depreasstd arfrt wromen whosebeby is more than et days old
	layer_4: make the pasion suk the milk off depreassd affer woman whose baby is more than eght days old
	layer_6: make the pasien sugk the milk off depressed ofar woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_8: make the patientce sugt the milk of depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_10: make the patientce sought the milk of depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_12: make the patience sought the milk of depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old

file: 6467-62797-0006.flac
expected: his camp boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resulted from eating one of these animals cooked with some jak fruit
	layer_2: his can boitold him off agase in thih tet weare seid to have re suthan from einding aeneog these anualds gooked wit soejactult
	layer_4: his can poieold him of acase in thich deadt wear seid to hae thesulten from ending on ough these anuals gooked whit sub jackrut
	layer_6: his cam point old him off a case in which dead was seid to have dissulten from eanding one of these annuals coked with subjack frouit
	layer_8: his camp point told him of a case in which death was said to have resultan from anding one of these anials coked with subjack fruit
	layer_10: his camp poin told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from anding one of these annumals coked with subjecked fruit
	layer_12: his camp poin told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from anding one of these annuals cooked with subjecked fruit

file: 6467-62797-0007.flac
expected: a few years ago a scare arose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abode in imported german glass bangles which compete with the indigenous industry of the gazula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low in the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the wearer after warning her to get her affairs in order before succumbing
	layer_2: a feu yars ago ascared bathews in connection rit than insect whitchs we sa to have taken up its abrd in imporder jelmant glas bangles which tomplet fwit dendeghin usandustiof net garzi aban go makers dean sectwes to porter toli lorn the bangrle telaioesperters wmhen it would cam ort and nip thebarofe after worning her to geckt herd afars in orter whif oa sacombing
	layer_4: a few years ago ascared bu rhaws in connection with than insect wich wil set to have taken up its abord in importer ceomen glasbangles which tom plete with bhein decinus n dusti off dee garzi abangle makors den sect was toported to li lo nd the pangl telitwas purters when it would commout and nipdthe ber o after warding her to get her affers in outer wiet farsacombing
	layer_6: a few years ago a scared arawas in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its aboard in imported gorman glass bangles which complete with dendecinous industy of the garzila bangle makers de msect was reported to li low on the pangle til it waspurches when it would come out and knipe the bearof afterwarding her to get her affairs in order with wars saccumbing
	layer_8: a few years ago are scared arous in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord an importet german glass bangles which complete with the indeinous in dustry of the gazilla bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low on the pangle till it was purchase when it would come out and nipp the beao after warring her to get her affairs in order which wars succumbying
	layer_10: a few years ago are scared barose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord an importent german glass bangles which complete with the indeginous industry of the gasula bangol makerse the insect was reported to lie low on the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bearer after wardning her to get her affairs in order which was succumbling
	layer_12: a few years ago are scared barose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord in importent german glass bangles which complete with the indeginous industry of the gazula bangol makerse the insect was reported to lie low on the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bearer after wardning her to get her affairs in order which was succumbling

file: 6467-56885-0000.flac
expected: his body was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_2: his vodiy was lonk and slender heard in a jil his sighte ken his amon iting
	layer_4: his vody was lonk and slender heard ind egile his sight keen his aim on erding
	layer_6: his body was lonk and slender hard in agile his sight keen his ame an edring
	layer_8: his body was long and slender hard in egile his sight keen his aim an erring
	layer_10: his body was lonk and slender hard an egile his sight keen his aim and erring
	layer_12: his body was lonk and slender hard an egile his sight keen his aim and erring

file: 6467-56885-0001.flac
expected: in the month of agrahayan kanti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nydighi with a few sporting companions
	layer_2: in the montofs arlgra hn gan the had gonor shothing te ar the swon of tnidichy withtafew sporting companions
	layer_4: in the mont off agr hn cantte had gone ot shooting le a theswomp of nediky with a few sporting companions
	layer_6: in the month of algrahn cante had gone nout shooting lnearar thiswump of nedicie with a few sporting companions
	layer_8: in the month of algrahen granti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_10: in the month of algrahn grantia had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_12: in the month of algarahan krantia had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions

file: 6467-56885-0002.flac
expected: one morning as kanti was seated in his boat cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white ducklings clasped to her breast
	layer_2: une moding as kinty was setered in his bort leaning a favord cun he sad anly stoted at what hetat was ecry efo wy dot looking ofh he saw ar velase maid ind comeig to the wates ege wit doo whi dokling sclas to have prest
	layer_4: one monding ascanthy was seatred in his port cleaning a favord con he said enly started at what he teart was e cry if  wil dock looking up he saw o velace mailen coming to the water's edge with to whi tockling sclasse to heve prest
	layer_6: one morning as canthi was ceated in his poat cleaning a favorite gone he seddenly started at what he thought was the cry if whye dack looking up he saw a vellece maid in coming to the water's edge with two whi tocklings claped to here presst
	layer_8: one morning as skanthy was seated in his poart cleaning a favorite gone he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a byl dock looking up he saw a village mailin coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings claped to her preastd
	layer_10: one morning as skanthy was seated in his boat cleaning a favorite gon he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a bye dock looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings clasped to her preast
	layer_12: one morning as skanthy was seated in his boat cleaning a favorite gon he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a bye dock looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings clasped to her preast

file: 6467-56885-0003.flac
expected: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_2: de gl wut the birds into the watter and watc thei ancious le
	layer_4: te girl put the birds into the water and wats theim manxiously
	layer_6: the girl put the birds into the water and wads them anxiously
	layer_8: the girl put the birds into the water and wace them anxiously
	layer_10: the girl put the birds into the water and waced them anxiously
	layer_12: the girl put the birds into the water and watced them anxiously

file: 6467-56885-0004.flac
expected: looking round kanti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the ducks
	layer_2: looking round can ty saw one of his men poyinding and unlorded cun ad de dox
	layer_4: looking round count ty saw one oft his men poinding and unlored gun at the doxs
	layer_6: looking round canti saw one of his men pointing an unlowred gun at the dox
	layer_8: looking round kranty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_10: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_12: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks

file: 6467-56885-0005.flac
expected: kanti went on cleaning his gun
	layer_2: can timen dan tleaning his gon
	layer_4: canty menton claning his gun
	layer_6: canty ment on claining his gun
	layer_8: canty went on cleining his gun
	layer_10: canty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_12: canty went on cleaning his gun

file: 6467-56885-0006.flac
expected: after kanti had eaten and drunk the brahmin begged him to introduce himself kanti gave his own name his father's name and the address of his home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall deem myself fortunate
	layer_2: afte kain ty had eaten entrunk thebramint pect him toin due himself gan tegave his ow an name his father's name and deed tes of is home and then sed in usul bay if i cand be ofen y sareisir i shal king miss o forhtnit
	layer_4: after kanty had eaten and tronk the bramin peced him to in duce himself canti gave his own name his father's name and yee thes of hics home and then said inthusual bay if i can be of en y servisir i shall king mycsl focnate
	layer_6: after canty had eaten and trunk the bram on pecked him to introduce himself can'ty gave his own name his father's name and yet this of is home and then said in t usual bay if i can be of any sirvic sir i shall kin myselffortunate
	layer_8: after canty had eaten and drunk the bram in pegked him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet this of his home and then said in th usual bay if i can be of any servic sir i shall ken myself fortunate
	layer_10: after canty had eaten and drunk the bramon pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet tis of us home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall ken myself fortunate
	layer_12: after canty had eaten and drunk the brammon pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet tis of us home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall keen myself fortunate

file: 6467-56885-0007.flac
expected: so saying kanti repeated his salute and went back
	layer_2: sosing gon ti y bethert has selout and whet pack
	layer_4: sosiing contiry petered his silut and went pack
	layer_6: so sing countirly peted his salute and went back
	layer_8: so sying cantile petered his salute and went back
	layer_10: so saying can ti ripetered his salute and went back
	layer_12: so saying can ti ripetered his salute and went back

file: 6467-56885-0008.flac
expected: the brick built mansion of the mazumdars had been borrowed for the wedding ceremony which was fixed for next magh as kanti did not wish to delay
	layer_2: le preck bote mantion of the os om tas had bean borod fort the eirning sarmonmy thich was fexd fort next mark as can di id notfish to delay
	layer_4: the preck bote mansion of themosomtars had beean borord for the vening sermonmy which was fexd forte next mark as contly did not fwishd to delay
	layer_6: the creckbilt mention of the mosom thars had been boroed for thebeling sermony which was fixtd for the next mark as contly did not wish to delay
	layer_8: the crickbuilt mention of the masumlars had been borrowed for the weling cermony which was fixed for the next mark as canty did not wish to delay
	layer_10: the crick built mention of the mazumlase had been borrowed for the welling cermony which was fixed for the next mark ascanty did not wish to delay
	layer_12: the crick built mention of the mazumlarse had been borrowed for the welling cermony which was fixed for the next mark askanty did not wish to delay

file: 6467-56885-0009.flac
expected: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a torchlight procession and the ceremony began
	layer_2: in du nime debraed gromuribd on his aleffhent with droms and musi and with a parhtslay prorcession and the sedieman the begain
	layer_4: indu time the prie gromarib on his alephent with droms and music and with a portslay procession and the cerimany began
	layer_6: in du time the brie grom orived on his elephant with droms and music and with ha parts ay procession in the cereminy began
	layer_8: in due time the privegroom arrived on his elephant with droms and music and with a parts ey procession and the ceremony began
	layer_10: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a partsley procession and the ceremony began
	layer_12: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with droms and music and with a partsley procession and the ceremony began

file: 6467-56885-0010.flac
expected: in that bashful downcast face crowned with the wedding coronet and bedecked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognise the village maiden of his fancy and in the fulness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_2: in thad pash ful don guast face could on weth devreallingclra nar and bedect wuth sandle past he could scarely ri cognized the be lete ma een of his fancy and inthe foolnens offas a mosion an must seemd to be cloud his eyecse
	layer_4: in that pash ful down guase face curon with de veling cor anaire and bedact with sandl pacd he could scarcely thecognised tho belatemadee n of his fancy and in thefullnecs offis e motion a mist seemd to be cloued his eyes
	layer_6: in that pash ful down guased face gron with dewvailing coronair and bedecked with sandl pacte he could scarcely te c ognized the belagemade en off his fancy and in the fulnesce off his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_8: in that pashful downgastd face grown with devailing coronair and bedaked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the billat maen off hics fancy and in the fullness off his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_10: in that pashful down ghast face crowned with deveiling coronair and beddacked with sandall paste he could scarcely recognize the bellace maiden of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_12: in that pashful down ghast face crowned with deveiling coronaire and beddacked with sand all paste he could scarcely recognise the bellace maiden of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes

file: 6467-56885-0011.flac
expected: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dim and darkness to tarnish the face of the bride herself
	layer_2: thelid ot the lamp seemedthe grod dhem and darkness tuotanish the face of the pried herself
	layer_4: dhe lighd of the lam seemed tho glod them and tarkness to tanishe the face of the pride herself
	layer_6: delight of the lamps seemed to growde them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_8: delight of the lamp seemed to gro them and darkness to turnish the face of the pride herself
	layer_10: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dem and darkness to turnish the face of the pride herself
	layer_12: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dim and darkness to turnish the face of the pride herself

file: 6467-56885-0012.flac
expected: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_2: a first he folt anglyveirt tes fathernla neold scon grerth had shaan him wone grland maried him doan oter
	layer_4: at first he felt angly with this fathern law theoled scon rel had shon him one girl and maried him to another
	layer_6: at first he felt angrly with his father n law the old sconril had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_8: at first he felt angry with his father i law the old scoundril had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_10: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_12: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another

file: 6467-56885-0013.flac
expected: close upon it followed the girl he had seen before
	layer_2: tl was upon a folloured the gd he had seen tefor
	layer_4: glos upon it followed the good he had seen before
	layer_6: close upon it followed the good he had seen before
	layer_8: close upon it followed the goood he had seen before
	layer_10: close upon it followed the good he had seen before
	layer_12: close upon it followed the good he had seen before

file: 6467-56885-0014.flac
expected: oh the mad girl cried the women as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_2: ol the mad gir crietd tawonmen as they mide sins to her to lu you t or on
	layer_4: o the mad girl crite tho boman as they mide scins to her to ly ee to d onm
	layer_6: oh the madgirl cried the woman as they mide signs to her to liave terd om
	layer_8: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they mad signs to her to leaead the rom
	layer_10: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to lead the rom
	layer_12: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to lead the room

file: 6467-56885-0015.flac
expected: all the women in the room began to titter
	layer_2: ilti tle manmin ter ron begant totiter
	layer_4: il hever manin the oon began te tita
	layer_6: all the amen in the oom began to titta
	layer_8: all of eremen in the room began to titta
	layer_10: all omen in the room began to titta
	layer_12: all levemen in the room began to titta

file: 6467-56885-0016.flac
expected: the increasing laughter in the room betokened an amusing joke
	layer_2: te incleasing laughe ert in terom be tok end and a moseng jok
	layer_4: the increasing laughed er in the doom be talkin han a musing jeok
	layer_6: the increasing laughdert in the woom be taking than a musing joke
	layer_8: the increasing laughter in the room be talkend then amusing joke
	layer_10: the increasing laughter in the doom be talknd then amusing joke
	layer_12: the increasing laughter in the loom be talkened then amusing joke

file: 6467-56885-0017.flac
expected: with a sigh of intense relief as of escape from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_2: with the si of in dentlletf as of e scae on telamidy he looked on cemorn into the face of is prit
	layer_4: with tesir of intencs leaf as of escapd on thelamidy he looked on emoren into the face of his pride
	layer_6: with the sigh of intense leaf as of escape on the lamete he looked one smorn into the face of hisbride
	layer_8: with a sigh of intense eleeaf as of escape on ta lamedy he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_10: with a sigh of intense reliaf as of escape on talumedy he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_12: with a sigh of intense reliaf as of escape on thalumedy he looked once more into the face of his bride

file: 3663-172005-0000.flac
expected: the fawn had taken his morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_2: the fon hat taken this morning mal and now ly crd up on ta bed of mos
	layer_4: the fong had taken this mornling mel and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_6: the fan had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_8: the fang had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_10: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_12: the fawng had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss

file: 3663-172005-0001.flac
expected: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_2: whenevero ther fon cot up he was quite contend to friesk about
	layer_4: rhenever the fon cotup he was quite conten to fresk about
	layer_6: rhenever the fown cutup he was quite contein to fresk about
	layer_8: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite conteintd to frisk about
	layer_10: whenever the fawn gaught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_12: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about

file: 3663-172005-0002.flac
expected: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_2: the taner was sertod now it was near
	layer_4: the daner was certe now it was near
	layer_6: the danger was certaind now it was near
	layer_8: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_10: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_12: the danger was certain now it was near

file: 3663-172005-0003.flac
expected: the hounds had struck her trail where she turned and the fawn was safe
	layer_2: the howus hats truckar tril whereh she turned and the farnm was seve
	layer_4: the howuse hadstruck a tril where she turned and the form wars sefh
	layer_6: the house had struck e trail where she turned and the farm was save
	layer_8: the house had struck e trail where she turned and the farm was safve
	layer_10: the house had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was safe
	layer_12: the house had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was safe

file: 3663-172005-0004.flac
expected: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_2: ie mas roing the adther had ha gun in his hand what sould she doo
	layer_4: hone wust roing the other had agun in his hand what should she do
	layer_6: one was roing the other had agun in his hand what should she do
	layer_8: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_10: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_12: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do

file: 3663-172005-0005.flac
expected: her tired legs could not propel the tired body rapidly
	layer_2: her tier lags could not propild the tient vordeg repatlyg
	layer_4: her tiret leks could not propaled the tient vordy repadly
	layer_6: her tire lekes could not propale the tiant bardi repidly
	layer_8: her tired lekes could not propel the tyant bardie rapidly
	layer_10: her tired leks could not propel the tyant bardee rapidly
	layer_12: her tira lekes could not propel the tyant bordee rapidly

file: 3663-172005-0006.flac
expected: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_2: the do saw the boat naring her
	layer_4: the do saw the boat naring her
	layer_6: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_8: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_10: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_12: the doe saw the boat nearing her

file: 3663-172005-0007.flac
expected: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_2: in the momemet more the bot was on her and the man at the ors hat lendover and cougt her
	layer_4: in a momet more the boath was on her and the man at the oars had leand over and caut her
	layer_6: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and cught her
	layer_8: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_10: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_12: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her

file: 3663-172528-0000.flac
expected: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctors orders
	layer_2: i was torment at my tirs but had abstaed from dreenkyng for manydayse according to the doftoers oders
	layer_4: i was tormented by thirst but had abstaie from drinking for many days according to the doftor's orders
	layer_6: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_8: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_10: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_12: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders

file: 3663-172528-0001.flac
expected: that old man ceased to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_2: that old men sfse to give so much a noions hye et sometimes the appere to me indrems
	layer_4: that old men see to give so much anoions y et sometimes he appeare to me in dreams
	layer_6: that old men ses to give so much anoyians yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_8: that old man ces to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_10: that old man ceas to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_12: that old man cease to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams

file: 3663-172528-0002.flac
expected: felice had given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_2: fele chae even them oders not to spe to me of this
	layer_4: filli chike even them oders not to spe to me of this
	layer_6: fhilly ch ae given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_8: philichi given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_10: phili cha given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_12: philie cha given them orders not to speak to me of this

file: 3663-172528-0003.flac
expected: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_2: this mad hat stollen fro me certain lirl sings of som im portens and in hear fer been be thctet she would have  ben very lad iv i heat did
	layer_4: this mad had stolen from mes certain lerl sings of some importencs and in her fe  being deticted she would have a been very glad iv i had died
	layer_6: this mad had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of beeng detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_8: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_10: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_12: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died

file: 3663-172528-0004.flac
expected: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full one i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_2: accoding neche r lout meatwis to take as much as i couod of the water so thaet i good erness i swallowed more then a flask fol i then coelrt myself and began to swet and felln to a dped sip
	layer_4: accordinglyse allout mea twise to take as much as i could of the water so thet ingood earnes i swallowed more then a flask faull i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deebped sep
	layer_6: accordingly she allowd me twice to take asmuch as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask fall i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_8: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_10: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_12: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep

file: 3663-172528-0005.flac
expected: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_2: the sa that my poor fram was on the point of folling to the ground sogreave to as he to hearis
	layer_4: the say that my poor fra wos on the point of folling to the ground so grave to was he to hear this
	layer_6: the say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so griaved was he to hear this
	layer_8: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so griefed was he to hear this
	layer_10: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_12: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this

file: 3663-172528-0006.flac
expected: afterwards he took an ugly stick and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then
	layer_2: aftewharts he tooken aglyase tay and began to beep ta servin gir with all his miht shoutin out ah traterouss you have pilledimg for mean tha
	layer_4: afterwarts he took an uglestat and began to beat te serving girl with all his miht shouting out ah trateroes you have killedimg for mea then
	layer_6: afterwards he took an uglystathe and began to beat the serving girl with all his mighd shouting out ah tratrouss you have killed him for me then
	layer_8: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then
	layer_10: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah traitoress you have killed him for me then
	layer_12: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then

file: 3663-172528-0007.flac
expected: she may indeed have saved my life so lend me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_2: she ma did have saved my life so ledmea helpinhand for i have swetit and bequick aboudit
	layer_4: she main did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweatted and bequick abowd it
	layer_6: she mayn did have saved my life so led me a helpin hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_8: she may inded have saved my life so let me a help in hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_10: she may indeed have saved my life so let me a help in hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_12: she may indeed have saved my life so let me a help in hand for i have sweated and be quick about it

file: 3663-172528-0008.flac
expected: felice recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_2: fl he che recovrtispirits drit a ma necomftable and i benconscious ov er grea inprofment in mystaue begent to recen n recovery
	layer_4: fileca recovert his pirats drid ad makte mecofortable and i been conscious of a greant improfement in mycedate began to recon on recovery
	layer_6: fhiliatha recovered his s pirits dried and make me comfortable and i beeng conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_8: philichr recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i beeng conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_10: philichir recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_12: philiachir recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery

file: 3663-172528-0009.flac
expected: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_2: jus theid the ese docter ber nardeno put in hisappearans who hat the begring of myh iners had refused to blep me
	layer_4: just tan the othedoctor burnordeno put in his appearances who had the bigiring of my ilners had refused to bleaepe me
	layer_6: just then the othe doctor brnardino put in his appearance who had the bigiing of my illners had refused to bleed me
	layer_8: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who hat the beginning of my illners had refused to bleed me
	layer_10: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_12: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who ad the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me

file: 3663-172528-0010.flac
expected: maestro francesco that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_2: mystro fren chescos that most able mane exclad oh fower of theachr
	layer_4: mystroferen chescos that most able man exclaed oh power of metur
	layer_6: my istroferen chescos that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_8: myistrew franchiscoes that most able man exclaimed o power of nature
	layer_10: myes truf fronchescoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_12: myles trof franchiscoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature

file: 3663-172528-0011.flac
expected: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_2: she nos what she requirs and the pysiciens no nothig
	layer_4: she knows what she requires and the physicion's no nothing
	layer_6: she knows what she requirs and the physicians know nothing
	layer_8: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_10: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_12: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing

file: 3663-172528-0012.flac
expected: that simpleton maestro bernardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_2: tha sibutod mystrber inoandena mat andso sae if he hat druncel nonthe botl he would hav beecurd upon the spot
	layer_4: that sibboten my srubor nardeno made unsel same if he had drun kanother botto he would have beencured upon the spat
	layer_6: that siboten misrober nardino made unser sane if he had drunk another bottoe he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_8: thasiboton misrober nardino made answersaying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_10: that sibotton misrober nardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_12: that sibotton miesrober nardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot

file: 3663-172528-0013.flac
expected: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_2: aftewts he tured to me and asi vicould havdrunk morwarter
	layer_4: after wads he turned to me and ask iv i could have drunk more water
	layer_6: afterwards he turned to me and ask if i could have drunk more water
	layer_8: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_10: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_12: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water

file: 3663-172528-0014.flac
expected: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_2: i ansert no because i had atarely quincd my thirst
	layer_4: i answered no because i had entirely quinched my thirst
	layer_6: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_8: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_10: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_12: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst

file: 3663-172528-0015.flac
expected: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man begged you to bleed him
	layer_2: ilite menner she was askingfl what she wantit whit the pool yae man ta du to bled hem
	layer_4: in like maner she was asking for what she wantet with the poo young man ba du to blead him
	layer_6: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted wheth the poor young man bed dou to bleed him
	layer_8: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted wien the poor young man bed du to bleed him
	layer_10: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bed due to bleed him
	layer_12: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bede due to bleed him

file: 3663-172528-0016.flac
expected: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_2: if you neartatis  recovery depedt upon his drenking too flasks of ater why int you not sayso before
	layer_4: if you near tat is recovery depededt upon his drinking too flasks of water why dentk you not say so before
	layer_6: if you near that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why didt you not say so before
	layer_8: if you kneawr that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_10: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_12: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before

file: 3663-172528-0017.flac
expected: you might then have boasted of his cure
	layer_2: you might ten have bostid of his cilr
	layer_4: you might len have boastet on his ci
	layer_6: you might len have boasted on his kil
	layer_8: you might then have boasted on his cele
	layer_10: you might then have boasted on his kil
	layer_12: you might then have boasted on his kior

file: 3663-172528-0018.flac
expected: at these words the wretched quack sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_2: at this wors the rechi uhit socalei deportit an mevelr shoultis face agy
	layer_4: at this words the wrechechuhite soculy depordedt and nevea shout is face agane
	layer_6: at this words the wretchic wuhite sokily departed and never showd his face againe
	layer_8: at thes words the wrhetchect wuhite sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_10: at these words the wrhetchek white sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_12: at these words the wretchek white sulkily departed and never showed his face again

file: 3663-172528-0019.flac
expected: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_2: the verevenin o was taken with grate recations in the char well rept up and protectet from the coad
	layer_4: the veryevening i was taken with grat precautions in the chair well reped up and protected from the cold
	layer_6: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrepped up and protected from the cold
	layer_8: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wreapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_10: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrepped up and protected from the cold
	layer_12: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrepped up and protected from the cold

file: 3663-172528-0020.flac
expected: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_2: do not rmiti anyee iregularitis forsoh her es cape this ti in nother dis oder now would be the death of hip
	layer_4: do not permittim any yiregularities for thoug heas tescaped this time innother dis order now would be the death of him
	layer_6: do not permitt him any irregularities for though he as escape this time ennother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_8: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time innother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_10: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time innother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_12: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time in nother disorder now would be the death of him

file: 3663-172528-0021.flac
expected: then he turned to me and said my benvenuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_2: that y tlnd to me and set my ben ventol be prude comme no excesses and he you ele quate riecovert ai ba gu to mate me a ma daonho with your ol hand and i wi'l always pa my devoshus toyt for your sak
	layer_4: that he ternet to me and said my ben vento be prudeet com met no excesses and we you ae quarte recovered i bagg ou to make me o madane with your own hand and i wel always pay my devoius toit for your sake
	layer_6: then he turned to me and said my ban venutal be pruded commit no excessos and when you are quilte recovered i bag you to make me a madauna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_8: then he turned to me and said my ben venuto be prudent commite no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_10: then he turned to me and said my ben venuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_12: then he turned to me and said my ben venueto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake

file: 3663-172528-0022.flac
expected: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_2: so i mae my min up and prepar to trovle
	layer_4: so i made my mind up and prepared to trovele
	layer_6: so i made my mind up and prepared to trevele
	layer_8: so i made my mind up and prepared to trevl
	layer_10: so i made my mind up and prepared to travle
	layer_12: so i made my mind up and prepared to travele

file: 3663-172528-0023.flac
expected: that day many friends came to see me among others pier landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_2: that day many frens kap to seme amon othes piar ldde whowas the best adears frend i evl head
	layer_4: that day many friends cape to see me among others per loedty who wase the best a dearest friend i ever had
	layer_6: that day many friends cape to see me among others piere ladi who was the best a dearest friend i ever had
	layer_8: that day many friends campe to see me among others pierre landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_10: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_12: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had

file: 3663-172528-0024.flac
expected: next day there came a certain niccolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_2: mix day thai came u serten mnicalo tha mon ter ugoto who was alsa a very great fran o mi
	layer_4: nax tay they came a sergin nickolo thamonte a guto who was also a very great fren of mine
	layer_6: next day there came a sergain micolo damonte aguto who was also a very grat friend of mine
	layer_8: next day there came a sergeain micolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_10: next day there came a cergeaon micolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_12: next day there came a cergeaon micolo da monte agutto who was also a very great friend of mine

file: 3663-172528-0025.flac
expected: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_2: i had harburd havde an ro and provid at for his cossts while hehe turned my hole hous u sit down for the man was subjec to e species of dry scae whiche was always in the hadbic ofs crachyn with is hae
	layer_4: i had harbird hime in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to aspecies of dry scae which he was always in the habit ofscreching with his hand
	layer_6: i had harbered him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a species of dry scarbe which he was always in the hebit of scretching with his hand
	layer_8: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scare which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_10: i had harbored him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scane which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_12: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scane which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand

file: 3663-172528-0026.flac
expected: meanwhile that able physician francesco da monte varchi attended to my cure with great skill
	layer_2: meanwil that ablefhisition fronchescod te monterwitky attendet to my ciur with greatskil
	layer_4: meanwil that able physicion fronchescoed the montevarki attended to my cu with great ski
	layer_6: meanwhile that able physician fron chescoe damontevarqki attenderd to my cur with great sku
	layer_8: meanwhile that able physician francesco de monte varqki attended to my cue with great skie
	layer_10: meanwhile that able physician francesco de montervarqui attended to my cure with great skile
	layer_12: meanwhile that able physician francesco de montervarquit attended to my cure with great skie

file: 3663-172528-0027.flac
expected: there they seated me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_2: the the sid it me to wait untis e dukwed by
	layer_4: the they sidet met to wait until the duke wend by
	layer_6: there they seted me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_8: there they sitted met to wait until the duke went by
	layer_10: there they seated mete to wait until the duke went by
	layer_12: there they seated mete to wait until the duke went by

file: 3663-172528-0028.flac
expected: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_2: many of my friense at cord came up to greet me and expresed surprice tat i had undtegon the incoveniance of beng carit in that wa while so shetit by ilness the sad that i aougt to rve waytet to li was well and thento ave visidid the dou
	layer_4: many of my friends at cord came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconveniens of beeing carrid in that way while so shetted by illness the said that i ought to have waited to li was well and then to have visited the du
	layer_6: many of my friends at cort came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shetted by illness the said that i ought to have waited til i was well and then to have visited the du
	layer_8: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duk
	layer_10: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_12: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke

file: 3663-172528-0029.flac
expected: at these words maestro agostino the dukes tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that is all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_2: at this worts my str agos teno whe yukestale metis way through all those jentomen and sed it ats all you wan to know you shall nowit at this verymomet
	layer_4: at this worts mysr agosteno the dukes tala mit is wai through all those gentliman and said it tats all you wane to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_6: at this words misoagostino the dukes tailor mite is wais through all those gentlemen and said it that's all you ant to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_8: at thes words mastra agostino the duke's tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if thas all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_10: at these words miestra agostino the duke's tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said it that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_12: at these words miestra agostino the duke's tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said it that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment

file: 3663-172528-0030.flac
expected: giorgio the painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and maestro agostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_2: georgeos t a panter ho my have mensiond happenet jus an to pass and my suro agosteno exclad teris e manl acus dou now you noiursel tive it betrue ornot
	layer_4: georgos ta painter whom y have mensioned happened jus then to pass and myi srouagosteeno exclaed veristomanal accused you now you know yourselvive it betrue or not
	layer_6: georgios a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mi sroewagostino exclaimed vereis te man whol accused you now you know yoursellf with it betrue or not
	layer_8: george os a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mys srougagostino exclaimed vhereis te man wholl accuse you now you know yourself wifh it be true or not
	layer_10: george os a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myus sroug agostino exclaimed there is the man who accuse you now you know yourself ill it be true or not
	layer_12: george os a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myus srough agostino exclaimed there is the man who accuse you now you know yourself ill it be true or not

file: 3663-172528-0031.flac
expected: as fiercely as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked giorgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_2: as is eas i coud not ben aghble to leve my setd i as joldjo eyf it was true that he had a cu o me
	layer_4: as fus e as i could not been nable to leafe my set i asked jeoldo if it was true that he had a cusedto me
	layer_6: as fesye as i could not beieg able to leave my seat i asked geoldo if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_8: as fuasly as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georlgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_10: as freeasy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked gioldio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_12: as freasy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked gioldio if it was true that he had accused me

file: 3663-172528-0032.flac
expected: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_2: he dinigt tha it was so and that  he had ever said evything of the sort
	layer_4: he denignt that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sword
	layer_6: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sword
	layer_8: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sord
	layer_10: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_12: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort

file: 3663-172528-0033.flac
expected: maestro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_2: my su agte steno retortet you gallows bird
	layer_4: my sruw agosteno retoarted you gallowsbird
	layer_6: my stroewagostino retorted you gallosbird
	layer_8: misro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_10: maiesro agustino retorted you galows bird
	layer_12: maiesro agustino retorted you gallows bird

file: 3663-172528-0034.flac
expected: dont you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_2: don'tt ho know thet i know itfor most sirten
	layer_4: don't syou know that i know it for most sertain
	layer_6: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_8: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_10: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_12: don't you know that i know it for most certain

file: 3663-172528-0035.flac
expected: giorgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_2: jorjol made off as quicklya hecoult wrepeding that he had not accu me
	layer_4: georgo made off as quickly as he could repeatding that he had not accused me
	layer_6: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_8: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_10: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_12: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me

file: 3663-172528-0036.flac
expected: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_2: then aste r short wile the dud came bi wereupor ni headt myself rase t u befolre his exilad sy ad he holto
	layer_4: then after short wile the duke came bi wereuporn i head myself raised up before his excelendse and he halted
	layer_6: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_8: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i head myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_10: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_12: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted

file: 3663-172528-0037.flac
expected: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my health
	layer_2: the duke dasedt at me and mavot i wastial alife afterwerts fe b me take heed to bean honersmen and regag my hels
	layer_4: the duke gased at me and morvot i was till alife afterwards he bade met take hed to be an honorst men and regane my hels
	layer_6: the duke gazed at me and marvoed i was still alife afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regaine my helse
	layer_8: the duke gazed at me and marvlled i was still alife afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my helsh
	layer_10: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my helh
	layer_12: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my helth

file: 3663-172528-0038.flac
expected: when i reached home niccolo da monte aguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leave because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_2: when i rachedhom necolo tamon ty a goutol came to visit me an told me that i had excate one of the most dratful parils in the worl quite cotrary to all hys expectations for he hat see my ruin rited with indelible enk now i must make hase to get well and after wis tick frenlef becaus myjepady cavbe from a qorder and a man whowas able to distroy mi
	layer_4: when i reached home nicolo damong te aguto came to visitme and told me that i had excape one of the most griapefull pariels in the worl quite coltrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin retten with indelible eink now i must make hase to get well and afterwis tike frenchlief because my jepady cave from a quarter and a man who wase able to destroy me
	layer_6: when i reached home nicolo damonteaguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreaful pariols in the worl quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take frenchlyf because my jepoy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_8: when i reached home nicolo d'amontea guto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful periols in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take frenchleaf because my jeopady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_10: when i reached home niccolo da montea guto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_12: when i reached home niccolo da montea guto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me

file: 3663-172528-0039.flac
expected: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_2: i onsa that i hat do nothin to displecehin but that he had injurt me and toldyme all thy affair about the mit
	layer_4: i anset tat i had dod nothing to desplease him but that he had injuredt me and told him all the affairabout the min
	layer_6: i anser that i had doe nothing to displease him but that he had enjured me and told him all the affair about the min
	layer_8: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had endured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_10: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had endured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_12: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had endured me and told him all the affair about the mint

file: 3663-172528-0040.flac
expected: he repeated get hence as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_2: he repetit get headsis quekly as you can and be of gold corach for you wi'lse or veggencs exicu ded soner tan you wexpet
	layer_4: he repeated get hads is queckly as you can and be of gd curage for you wel see of vengons execuded soonar then you axpect
	layer_6: he repeated get heans as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see or vengeen'se executed sooner than you expect
	layer_8: he repeated get hes as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you xpect
	layer_10: he repeated get heads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_12: he repeated get heads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect

file: 3663-172528-0041.flac
expected: i the best attention to my health gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_2: i the bes attencien to my hes tave pieretral pagelo at vice abous thaping the coins and the went off upor my way to ro withot sayng a word to the duk o anybodeels
	layer_4: i the best attention to my helse tave pirtro paglo at vice aboustemping the coins and the went of upon my way to rom without saying a word to the duke o anybody els
	layer_6: i the best attention to my hells gave pieetro pagalo ad vice aboutstemping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke o anybody els
	layer_8: i the best attention to my hels gave pietro pargalo advice about tamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_10: i the best attention to my hells gave pietro pargalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_12: i the best attention to my hells gave pietro pargalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else

file: 3663-172528-0042.flac
expected: you want them to immortalise that ferocious tyrant
	layer_2: you want them to y more tolise tat for rocious tirent
	layer_4: you want them to emore tolize at for rocious tirant
	layer_6: you want them to emmortilize that fe rocious tyrant
	layer_8: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_10: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_12: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant

file: 3663-172528-0043.flac
expected: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_2: you havd nemver mae anything so ixlesit which provou ol iveterat fo and the divoda frend and yet the pupe ad he have head i ticse it min to hangk you withou anmyfault of yoas
	layer_4: you havd never made anything so exquesit which proves you i er inveterate fo and the tdevotede frend and yet the pope ad he have had it twice i mind to handkyou without any fault of yoours
	layer_6: you have never made anything so exquiseite which proves you i wull inveterad fo and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had i twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_8: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you ou inveterat foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_10: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterat foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_12: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours

file: 3663-172528-0044.flac
expected: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clement
	layer_2: it was frmlybelietd that dukh alisaiddi was the san of pope plaven
	layer_4: it was firmly belete that duke alisidre was the sun of pupe clamint
	layer_6: it was fimly believd that duk alisad was the sun of pop clemend
	layer_8: it was firmly believed that duke alissadro was the son of pope clement
	layer_10: it was firmly believed that duke alisadro was the son of pope clemint
	layer_12: it was firmly believed that duke alissadro was the son of pope clemint

file: 3663-172528-0045.flac
expected: messer francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that medal
	layer_2: messer fron cescol usd oso to say and swere by all he sin that if e could he would have roped me of the dies for that madow
	layer_4: miser fronchesca used oso to say and swere by all he sint that if he could he would have ropbped me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_6: miser franchesco used also to say and sweare by all his saint that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_8: mister francesco used also to say and swear by all his saint that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow
	layer_10: mister francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow
	layer_12: mister francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow

file: 3663-172528-0046.flac
expected: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_2: i rasponder that he had done welld to tel meso and that i would tixsuch car of them that he should neavle them more
	layer_4: i responded that he had done well to tel me so and that i would tac such care of them that he should nemese them more
	layer_6: i respornded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_8: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_10: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_12: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more

file: 3663-172528-0047.flac
expected: i now sent to florence to request lorenzino that he would send me the reverse of the medal
	layer_2: i now sen to flowrance to requase loranshengno that he woluld sei me the revers of the madil
	layer_4: i now sent to flowrence to reques loren seno that he would sad me the reverse of the meatol
	layer_6: i dow sent to florence to request lorensinol that he would send me the reverse of the meaow
	layer_8: i now sent to florence to request lorencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_10: i now sent to florence to request larencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_12: i now sent to florence to request laurencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow

file: 3663-172528-0048.flac
expected: niccolo da monte aguto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenzino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_2: nicall a tha mone tea gotor to home i hadt rete rot bhak saing that he hat spocen to that mad mellof caolly tlassufer lored senot forit he ha repliedt heu was thinking nigt ad day of nothing elus and that he wouldt finishet a soon as he was able
	layer_4: nickolo tha montey a gutor to whom i had rete rot back saying that he had spoken to that mad melecoly flasophe lorandshe no for it he had replied a he was thinkingd night at day of nothing euse and that he would finishet as soon as he was able
	layer_6: nicholo damonterguto to whom i had ritend wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melogcholy philosopher lorenes he know for it he had replied that he was thinking night at day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_8: niccolo da monter guto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorence know for it he had replied that he was thinking night at day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_10: niccolo da monte guto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorencino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_12: niccolo dal monteaguto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorencino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able

file: 3663-172528-0049.flac
expected: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_2: never telis i was not to sat my hopes upon his revers but i had bettter ivend one out of my owlnd head and when i hadt finishdtit i might bring it wihout hasitation to te duke for this would be to my evantach
	layer_4: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished id i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my evantage
	layer_6: neverthelesst i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_8: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_10: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_12: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage

file: 3663-172528-0050.flac
expected: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_2: i composd the esine of herevers whicht semed to me appropet andpressed the word fawet to my best ability
	layer_4: i composed the deign of a reverse which seme to me appropiate andpressed the word foaed to my best ability
	layer_6: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropiate and pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_8: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropiate and pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_10: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_12: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the word forward to my best ability

file: 3663-172528-0051.flac
expected: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_2: this begeso as he was a fellowe of much fheumer we ousd offed to laugh together ubout the grea credit he hat game
	layer_4: this beg so as he was a fellow of much fhumor we used affer to laugh together about the great credit he had game
	layer_6: this beig so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offered to laughe together about the great credit he had gaine
	layer_8: this being so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offered to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_10: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offered to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_12: this being so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offered to laugh together about the great credit he had gained

file: 3663-172528-0052.flac
expected: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling piece ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_2: i therefor dis mounted at oe got my fouling pes ragy and at a verylog range brought to of them down with a sigol ball
	layer_4: i therefore dis mounted at os got my fouling pleace rady and at a very long range brought to of them down with a sigo ball
	layer_6: i therefore dismounted at ones got my fouling pleace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_8: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pease ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_10: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pease ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_12: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pease ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball

file: 3663-172528-0053.flac
expected: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_2: and neva use to sud wismao ta one boll and was usully able to het my mark a to hundret cupit which cantnout be don by othe wayse of lodyg
	layer_4: i never use to shoot with mol than one bal and was usually able to het my mark at too hundred cubit which cannot be dune by other ways of loding
	layer_6: i never used to shood with more than one ball and was usually able to het my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loding
	layer_8: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_10: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_12: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading

file: 3663-172528-0054.flac
expected: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_2: i livet at my fot an lat the warterin out thed when i had mounted we make had for rome
	layer_4: i livedt it my foot and let the water run out then when it had mounted we make haste for rom
	layer_6: i lived it my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_8: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_10: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when it had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_12: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when nit had mounted we made haste for rome

file: 4323-18416-0000.flac
expected: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_2: there was no answer and after onter to inafectual attents frosy turd fearfully away
	layer_4: there was no answer and after an or to in affectual attente frasiy tured fearfully away
	layer_6: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents fracy tured fearfully away
	layer_8: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attemts frosie turned fearfully away
	layer_10: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts pronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_12: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phronzie turned fearfully away

file: 4323-18416-0001.flac
expected: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knob
	layer_2: oul try and she lat a quickin nom ma now
	layer_4: i'll try and she laid a quickin nd on menou
	layer_6: i'll try and she laid a quick in and on ma now
	layer_8: i'll try and she laid a quick innd on mhanov
	layer_10: i'll try and she laid a quick hnd on the no
	layer_12: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the nov

file: 4323-18416-0002.flac
expected: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_2: two red spohts buranonoertheks and her pailedlyi snet
	layer_4: two red spots burnd hon her cheeks and her paledlow ie snapped
	layer_6: two red spots burn on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_8: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_10: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snaped
	layer_12: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped

file: 4323-18416-0003.flac
expected: oh i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_2: wome sur i hard it ranging ot hen down
	layer_4: whi'm sure i heard it raging of en down
	layer_6: why'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_8: ii'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_10: 'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_12: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down

file: 4323-18416-0004.flac
expected: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back
	layer_2: i don't monan yu dinner said chailet dring tack
	layer_4: i don't wan any dinner said shirlet drawing thack
	layer_6: i don't want any dinner said charlot drawing back
	layer_8: i don't want any dinner said charlott drawing back
	layer_10: i don't want any dinner said charlottedrawing back
	layer_12: i don't want any dinner said charlottedrawing back

file: 4323-18416-0005.flac
expected: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_2: yessindeed said poly cerely jutes find is con be
	layer_4: yes indeed said polycurily just as fin as can be
	layer_6: yes indeed said polly carily just as fine as can be
	layer_8: yes indeed said polly chariley just as fine as can be
	layer_10: yes indeed said polly charley just as fine as can be
	layer_12: yes indeed said polly chariley just as fine as can be

file: 4323-18416-0006.flac
expected: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_2: a surdly said old mister king with gret satsfaction ind polys pleasur and at her success in drowying sharlat hout
	layer_4: asuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction and polly's pleasure and at her success in drowing sharlet hout
	layer_6: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction ind polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlot out
	layer_8: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlote out
	layer_10: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_12: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out

file: 4323-18416-0007.flac
expected: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_2: and afterd this the ere no more quiet days for sharlat chouteton
	layer_4: and after this there would no more quiet days for shorlete chouterton
	layer_6: and after this there would no more quiet days for charlt chouterton
	layer_8: and after this the werd no more quiet days for charlote chouterton
	layer_10: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chouterton
	layer_12: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chouterton

file: 4323-18416-0008.flac
expected: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_2: oh bus meat t you forondy inpleaced to prie
	layer_4: oh blust me iat you frnde in pleaced turprice
	layer_6: oh blests me it you fhrondi inpleased surprice
	layer_8: oh bless me it you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_10: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_12: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise

file: 4323-18416-0009.flac
expected: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_2: yes gramtp pa said froundsy coming ain and shudting that or carfully i came mom purpose to seeyou all alone
	layer_4: yes grampapa said fronsy coming en and shutting thae or carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_6: yes gran papa said fhronzi coming ind and shutting the oor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_8: yes grandtpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the oor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_10: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_12: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone

file: 4323-18416-0010.flac
expected: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_2: so you did dear said mister king hidely groht ifid hnpuishing away his ridting table he held out as hand
	layer_4: so you did dear said mister king highdly grotifid imd pushing away his riding table he held out is hand
	layer_6: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_8: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_10: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_12: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand

file: 4323-18416-0011.flac
expected: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_2: ho kno grand pupoa cried fronsiy an araptshur i could never be to bike foit that so she purched up as of oldon hisene than she fouldrd her hands nd looked gravully in his face
	layer_4: o no grand pa pa cried fronsy in eraptere i could never be to big for that so she perched up as of old on his ne than she folded her hands an looked gravely in his face
	layer_6: oh no grandpapa cried fhronsie in e rapture i could never be to big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands andlooked gravely in his face
	layer_8: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands andlooked gravely in his face
	layer_10: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_12: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face

file: 4323-18416-0012.flac
expected: well my dear what is it
	layer_2: wellt my dear what is i
	layer_4: well my dear what is it
	layer_6: well my dear what is it
	layer_8: well my dear what is it
	layer_10: well my dear what is it
	layer_12: well my dear what is it

file: 4323-18416-0013.flac
expected: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_2: as the ol jont oman presently you'v come to tell me some then isuppose
	layer_4: as the old gontamun presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_6: as the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_8: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_10: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_12: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose

file: 4323-18416-0014.flac
expected: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed
	layer_2: yes crand pepat i havf said frondsly decididly and it is most himportant too gred upac ant o i do wish it so much and she clasther hands titer ind side
	layer_4: yes grand pupa i have said frondsy decidedly and it is most important two grad papo and oh i do wish it so much and she clase her hands tihter and side
	layer_6: yes grand papa i have said fronzi decidedly and it is most important too grad papa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tiheher inside
	layer_8: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too gradpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight her inside
	layer_10: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight her indside
	layer_12: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight her indside

file: 4323-18416-0015.flac
expected: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_2: well ten frods ie if you wantet i suppos it must be said mister king quit es a matter of course
	layer_4: well then frosy if you wantet i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matte of course
	layer_6: well then frodsy if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_8: well then phrose if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_10: well then phrosieif you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_12: well then phrodsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course

file: 4323-18416-0016.flac
expected: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_2: o she lefe you oerthink she had frondy a coup le of millionswor so it s wy
	layer_4: oh she left you hoverthing she had frondly i couple of milians or so it is why
	layer_6: oh she left you everthink she had frondly a cuple of millions or so it is why
	layer_8: oh she left you everything she had vrondly a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_10: oh she left you everything she had vrondly a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_12: oh she left you everything she had vrondlie a couple of millions or so it is why

file: 4323-18416-0017.flac
expected: charlotte poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_2: sharlt por repeated the ol jenleman
	layer_4: charvlet por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_6: charlet por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_8: charlote por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_10: charlotte pot repeated the old gentleman
	layer_12: charlotte port repeated the old gentleman

file: 4323-18416-0018.flac
expected: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_2: y kno't not exactly her father is ant rich but shar lhet i think ba dou very well especially as i inten to keep er her for a while and the ni shal mever let her seffert frons y never indeet
	layer_4: why know not exactly her father is a rich but sharlet i think bey ou very well especially as i intend to keep her hear for a while and then i shall never let her suffere fronsy never indeed
	layer_6: why kno not exactly her father isn't rich but charlot i think ma o very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer fronsie never indeed
	layer_8: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlote i think may dou very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer pronsie never indeed
	layer_10: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think bay do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_12: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed

file: 4323-18416-0019.flac
expected: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_2: gradpr said froundcy was n't misus chaditan at to sharlet
	layer_4: grad bepa said froncy wasn't misus chattertoen aunt to sharlet
	layer_6: grad papa said fhrancye wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlott
	layer_8: gradpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_10: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_12: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte

file: 4323-18416-0020.flac
expected: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_2: if missus chatter ton was ant to shrfit persistof fronsy slowvly it seems is if shalet ouht to have some of the mony it realy dos gran pupa
	layer_4: if missus chatterton was aunt ti sharvlot persisted fronsy slowly it seems us if sharledought to have some of the money it really does grand papa
	layer_6: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlette persisted fhronsie slowly it seems as if charlod ought to have some of the money it really does grand papa
	layer_8: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlot ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_10: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_12: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa

file: 4323-18416-0021.flac
expected: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_2: mayby said the ol gjenimon with ae short lauf and i shouldn't wonder of cusen unis was sory over a few other things too froncy
	layer_4: maybe said the old gentlemon with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cousin unes was sorry over a few other things too fronzy
	layer_6: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin yunis was sorry over a few other things too phronzie
	layer_8: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_10: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_12: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin unis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie

file: 4323-18416-0022.flac
expected: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_2: whatdnit make hervery glad if i da shallit some of tha money
	layer_4: whald 't it make her very glad of i gave sharl let some of the money
	layer_6: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave sharlet some of the money
	layer_8: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_10: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_12: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money

file: 4323-18416-0023.flac
expected: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_2: for answer mister king sette down hasely on the flor und too two r th ree turnes up in down the room
	layer_4: for answer mister king sether down hastily on the floor and took two hor three turns up and down the room
	layer_6: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_8: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_10: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_12: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room

file: 4323-18416-0024.flac
expected: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_2: whi do so wish i myght she said ther so much for  little grlike me
	layer_4: iwhi do so wish i might she said ther' so much for a little girlike me
	layer_6: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_8: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_10: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_12: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me

file: 4323-18416-0025.flac
expected: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_2: it wiul be so n ice to have sharlet have some with me still kno answer
	layer_4: it would be so nize to have sharlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_6: it would be so nice to have charlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_8: it would be so nice to have charlote have some with me still no answer
	layer_10: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_12: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer

file: 4323-18416-0026.flac
expected: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_2: i was riting a not to missus fargo sid fronzy putting up r lips frikuss
	layer_4: i was wriding a note to missus fargo said fronzy putting up her lips foreakiss
	layer_6: i was writing a noe to missus fargo said vronzsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_8: i was writing a note to missus fargo said vronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_10: i was writing a note to missus fargo said vronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_12: i was writing a note to missus fargo said vronsie putting up her lips for a kiss

file: 4323-18416-0027.flac
expected: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_2: sure as icun be frondsy said l mister king smily good by dear
	layer_4: sure as i can' be fronsie said ald mister king smily good by dear
	layer_6: sure as i can be fhronsie said old mister king smily good bye dear
	layer_8: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good bye dear
	layer_10: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_12: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear

file: 4323-18416-0028.flac
expected: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_2: ther eit thert ri sis tesposhall neversey that but coming coment
	layer_4: ther ther mysiste spoy shall never say that but come in coment
	layer_6: there ther my sisterspoy shall never say that but come incommit
	layer_8: there there my sisterspoy shall never say that but come in comemen
	layer_10: there there my sistersboy shall never say that but come in coemen
	layer_12: there there my sistersboy shall never say that but come in comemen

file: 4323-18416-0029.flac
expected: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_2: not to be yungracious the young manthy imself int wich heir
	layer_4: not to beyungracious the young man threy himself intowhich hair
	layer_6: not to be ungracious the young man threwe himself into which hair
	layer_8: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into ic hair
	layer_10: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_12: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair

file: 4323-18416-0030.flac
expected: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_2: o hang it ungl whi eint yu let me alone
	layer_4: oh hang iet uncle whi ein syou let me alone
	layer_6: oh hang it uncle why ant he let me alone
	layer_8: oh hang it uncle why cant yeu let me alone
	layer_10: oh hang it uncle why can't ye let me alone
	layer_12: oh hang it uncle why can't ye let me alone

file: 4323-18416-0031.flac
expected: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_2: which is a wonder interpolaed pickering
	layer_4: which is a wonder interpolted pickering
	layer_6: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_8: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_10: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_12: which is a wonder interpolated pickering

file: 4323-18416-0032.flac
expected: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_2: i know you did oncl sai pickering youe done everything hat's good
	layer_4: i know you did uncle said pickering yo've don'e everything that's good
	layer_6: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_8: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_10: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_12: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good

file: 4323-18416-0033.flac
expected: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_2: for haven' sat pickering crit as uncle dating in front of the chair in its rest lessccbut don't say thout agin
	layer_4: for haven' sate pickering cried his uncle darting in fron of the chair ind its restlessoccupit don't say that again
	layer_6: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair ind its restless occupet don't say that again
	layer_8: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_10: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_12: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again

file: 4323-18416-0034.flac
expected: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for naught but i hope i've not sunk to that
	layer_2: i'v ben alaisy dag o'l my life an ia good for not but i hopod not sum to tha
	layer_4: i've been a lazy dog alnl my life an an good for not but i hope of not some to that
	layer_6: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for not but i hope of not sump to that
	layer_8: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for not but i hope i've not sumped to that
	layer_10: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i've not sumkped to that
	layer_12: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nougt but i hope i've not sumked to that

file: 4323-13259-0000.flac
expected: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_2: the church beles were bringing and peopl on the av ne going boy ti servise turned curious inquiring looks up the the great haus and then went on talkin it the reason avents which hald so strangely endtered into and made history in the city
	layer_4: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenuw going b to service turned churious enquiring looks up tat the great house and then went on talking ofh the recon events which had so strangely entered into and made historyt in the city
	layer_6: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curius inquiring looks up wit the great house and then went on talking ot the recen events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_8: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by tho service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_10: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up ot the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_12: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up ot the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city

file: 4323-13259-0001.flac
expected: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_2: and alfhou his impassion ppiald this morning there was a noto sadnenss anderevuk and stern condemation tbhut made many of the member's paile with self acusation or with inwred anger
	layer_4: and all throug his impassioned top pealed this morning there was a notea sadness and rebiuke and stern condammation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_6: and all through his impassione appeal this morning there was a note ofe sadness and rebuke and sterne condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_8: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_10: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_12: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger

file: 4323-13259-0002.flac
expected: raymond had voted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_2: ramen had boated to continyou for another year thi slloo
	layer_4: ramen had boated to continu for another year thesaloon
	layer_6: raymon had boated to continue for another year this aloon
	layer_8: raymond had boted to continue for another year this aloon
	layer_10: raymond had voded to continue for another year thi saloon
	layer_12: raymond had voted to continue for another year this saloon

file: 4323-13259-0003.flac
expected: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_2: the cristions of raim and stad condemn by the rhesult
	layer_4: the christians of ram and stoead condemned by the result
	layer_6: the christians of raimon steaod condemned by the result
	layer_8: the christians of raymond sted condemned by the result
	layer_10: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_12: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result

file: 4323-13259-0004.flac
expected: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_2: for that had been the facten raim and for years the solun ruld
	layer_4: for that had been the fact in ramen for yearse the saloon ruled
	layer_6: for that had been the fact in raymon for yearse the saloon ruled
	layer_8: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_10: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_12: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled

file: 4323-13259-0005.flac
expected: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_2: residnt marh that there his usual ireac tancsom frm right self conpit imf airing all gon his head bout upon his bresst the great ear's rolling down his cheeks unmuindfhull wfd the fact that never bhefore had he shown outared amotion in apublick survise
	layer_4: president marshed that there his usual erack ansome firm right self conpfident baring all gon his head bouet upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindfl of the fact that never before head he shown outware emotion in a public service
	layer_6: president marsh that there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never beforehad he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_8: president marsch sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he showne outward emotion in a public service
	layer_10: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_12: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service

file: 4323-13259-0006.flac
expected: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_2: what if he had begun t do as jesas woret have dun mlong ago
	layer_4: what if he had begun to do has jesus woad have dun long ago
	layer_6: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_8: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_10: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_12: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago

file: 4323-13259-0007.flac
expected: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_2: wen had the first thurchto yield le do suchabatkd hisim oftears
	layer_4: when had the first hurch yieldthe to such abacptd hism of ters
	layer_6: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_8: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_10: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_12: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears

file: 4323-13259-0008.flac
expected: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_2: what hat become of iats regular precice conventional order of survice undesterved by any vol ger amotion and unmooved by any fo lish eccitment
	layer_4: what hid become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar amotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_6: what hit become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_8: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_10: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_12: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement

file: 4323-13259-0009.flac
expected: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_2: they had been living so long on their serfhisfeelings that they had almost forgotain the deper wells of li
	layer_4: they had been living so long on their surfacs feelingts that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of li
	layer_6: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_8: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_10: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_12: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life

file: 4323-13259-0010.flac
expected: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiskey power in raymond that would break its reign forever
	layer_2: the mating was tender at gloaed with the spir its presents it was a live was stong and lasing rasolvf to be gin a war on the wiscy power ind ramento that would breik ets rain for ever
	layer_4: the meeting was tender it gloaed with the spirits presence it was a live was stong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and rayment that would breiak its rain for ever
	layer_6: the meeting was tender it glowd wit the spirits presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolved to begin a war on the whisky power and rayment that would break its rain for ever
	layer_8: the meeting was tender it glowed wih the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and raiment that would break its rain for ever
	layer_10: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rain for ever
	layer_12: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rain forever

file: 4323-13259-0011.flac
expected: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_2: since the first sun they when the first company abollintears had plecgh themselves to do has gesus outd dow the different meatings had been carractor is bye destinct impulses are impressions
	layer_4: since the first sunday when the first company ofbvolunters had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been character ized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_6: since the first sunday when the first company of bolunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressionsed
	layer_8: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_10: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_12: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions

file: 4323-13259-0012.flac
expected: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_2: and alteor it ran one general cri for deliverence anm the salon in its oful curs
	layer_4: and alteouhwit ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon ind its awful curse
	layer_6: and altrugh it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon in its awful curse
	layer_8: and all thrugh it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon ind its awful curse
	layer_10: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon in its awful curse
	layer_12: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon in its awful curse

file: 4323-13259-0013.flac
expected: gray and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what loreen's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_2: gra on his wi for be seach by inquirs who wane ted to no whatlorians friendsan aquintances wer expected to do im paing nheir last rspets to her
	layer_4: graon his wife wor beseeche by enquirers who wanded to know what lorian's friends and acquantances were expected to do an paing their lastrespects to her
	layer_6: grey and his wife were besieghed by inquirers who wanted to know what laurian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do impaying their last respects to her
	layer_8: grey and his wife were besieched by inquirers who wanted to know what laurian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do im paying their last respects to her
	layer_10: grey and his wife were besieched by inquirers who wanted to know what laurian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_12: grey and his wife were besieced by inquirers who wanted to know what larian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her

file: 4323-13259-0014.flac
expected: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_2: greay had gon uc to vreginiaens and after talking itover with her and maxpal errangement had ben made
	layer_4: gray had gone up to riginians and after talking it over with her and maxiwil he rangement had been made
	layer_6: grey had gone up to virginius and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_8: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_10: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her in maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_12: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her in maxwell the arrangement had been made

file: 4323-13259-0015.flac
expected: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its great sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_2: i am and alwas have been apose salarge pubplich funeral sa gra whoscomeplat hulsome s implicitavf caracter was one of its greateset sorces of strent but the cry of the poor creturs wo newlorin as so ernes that i dud not know hader a fused the desire to see her and pa her pore body some las little honour what do outhink mister makbel
	layer_4: i am and always have been oposed telarge public funerals said gry whos complate holesome simplicity of caracter was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new lorin as so earnes that i d not know howd her effuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last blittle honor what do you think mister maxibal
	layer_6: i am and always have been opposed a large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new laurine is so earnest that i did not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxiwell
	layer_8: i am and always have been opposed ta large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lourine is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxvell
	layer_10: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lorein is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxvell
	layer_12: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lorein is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxvell

file: 4323-13259-0016.flac
expected: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_2: i will he cgoted by youra jetcimen an he matter
	layer_4: i will be guoded by your djecmont in the matter
	layer_6: i will be guided by your djegment in the matter
	layer_8: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_10: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_12: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter

file: 4323-13259-0017.flac
expected: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_2: i am sure that what ever you in miss page think fest will bye right
	layer_4: i am sure that whatever you and mis page think best will be rit
	layer_6: i am sure that whatever you and misspage think best will be right
	layer_8: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_10: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_12: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right

file: 4323-13259-0018.flac
expected: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_2: under the circumsances i have a great tis tased for what seenm like display at such times tbut tis sms different
	layer_4: under the circumstances i have a great dis taste for what seemes like tisplay at such times but this sems different
	layer_6: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_8: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_10: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_12: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different

file: 4323-13259-0019.flac
expected: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_2: it happened tha that afternuon a some wat notad nese paporcorrspon at was passing dirament on his way to en e atorial commention in he neighboring sity
	layer_4: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted neese paper corresponit was passing der ramendt on his way to an editorial convention in he neighbouring city
	layer_6: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted neesepaper correspondent was passing thug raimont on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city
	layer_8: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing trug rayment on his way to an editorial convention in ha neighboring city
	layer_10: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raimend on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_12: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raigmend on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city

file: 4323-13259-0020.flac
expected: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services at the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_2: she was a comon street drunkerd and yet the survis is at thetent were is im pressivf as any i ever witnest an amettr palitan churche over the most distinguishd sitizen
	layer_4: she was a common street drunkerd and yet the servacis at the tent where as impressive as any i ever witness an a metur paulitand church over the most disinguished citizen
	layer_6: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed an a metripolitan church over the most disstinguished citizen
	layer_8: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_10: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any eye ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_12: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any eye ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen

file: 4323-13259-0021.flac
expected: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_2: it struckt me of course being istranger in the place with considerables stonishment to hear vocs like those one naturallexpect to here only in great turches ore conserts at such amadting is this
	layer_4: its struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to heare voices like those one naturall expects to heare only ind great churches or concercts at such a meting is this
	layer_6: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_8: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concercts at such a meeting as this
	layer_10: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_12: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concercts at such a meeting as this

file: 4323-13259-0022.flac
expected: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_2: mister maswal spok ot the fact that the ded woman had ben fully prpaired togo but he spokin od peculiarly sensit hivf maner of the affect of the licker bisines s on tae lives if man and wom in ligke this oon
	layer_4: mister max will spoke af the fect that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spokeen a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the licuer business on the lives if men and women like this one
	layer_6: mister max well spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoken a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_8: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_10: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_12: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one

file: 4323-13259-0023.flac
expected: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_2: ramend of corse being aravroad town an the center of the great packing interoes for the s region is full of solons
	layer_4: rayment of course being arailrod town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of salount
	layer_6: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_8: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_10: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centr of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_12: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centr of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons

file: 4323-13259-0024.flac
expected: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_2: then followed what was perhaps the qreer part of the strange survice
	layer_4: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of thes strange service
	layer_6: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_8: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_10: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_12: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service

file: 4323-13259-0025.flac
expected: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_2: it was one of the semplest and at the same time one of the most himprecifv sites i ever witnest
	layer_4: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most imprescive sihts i ever witnesst
	layer_6: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sihes i ever witnessed
	layer_8: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_10: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_12: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed

file: 4323-13259-0026.flac
expected: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_2: there must hae been a hundred of these wleman and i was told many of them had been converted at the meedings just re sently
	layer_4: there must have been hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_6: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_8: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_10: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_12: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently

file: 4323-55228-0000.flac
expected: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_2: the nex moment he fel bak an amaizement before the inpetuousrush of a stry yd flush cheeke dyoung roman who demanted
	layer_4: the next moment he fell back ind amazement before the impetuous frush of a stary eyed flush cheeke eyoung woman who demanded
	layer_6: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous frush of a starry eyed flush cheekd young woman who demanded
	layer_8: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_10: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_12: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded

file: 4323-55228-0001.flac
expected: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_2: were is e peat miss billy yast the od man
	layer_4: where is he peat miss billy gased the old man
	layer_6: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_8: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_10: where is he pete mis billie gasped the old man
	layer_12: where is he pete mis billie gasped the old man

file: 4323-55228-0002.flac
expected: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_2: ant han is ceks too were flushed an heries storry but wit dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way peat had said miss billi's name
	layer_4: ant han as cheeks too were flushed and her eys story but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way peat had said miss billy's name
	layer_6: aunt hannas cheeks too were flushed in her eyes storry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way peat had said miss billy's name
	layer_8: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes storry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way peate had said miss billy's name
	layer_10: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes storry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_12: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes storry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name

file: 4323-55228-0003.flac
expected: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_2: it was one mattter for her to abjec to thas thing vily was doing but quidenother for peak to do it of cours its she
	layer_4: it was one matter for her to object to thes thing billy was doing but quit another for peat to do it of course it's she
	layer_6: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peak to do it of course it's she
	layer_8: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peue to do it of course it's she
	layer_10: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peque to do it of course it's she
	layer_12: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for petue to do it of course it's she

file: 4323-55228-0004.flac
expected: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_2: retorted aint hannattestlly as if you your selftn fring her her with our crasy messagisit this time of night pet wheareosy
	layer_4: retorted ant hannattestily as if you yourselftn't bring her her with your crazy messages it this time of night pete weariasy
	layer_6: retorted aunt hannatestily as if you yourself tan't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pet weries he
	layer_8: retorted aunt han a testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_10: retorted aunt hanna testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_12: retorted aunt hanna testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he

file: 4323-55228-0005.flac
expected: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_2: int er pose billy tell mister br tur mi am heare or wite iloka reited i su pris et
	layer_4: anterpose billy tell mister bertromy am here or wait i'll go rided int surprice en
	layer_6: enterposed billy tell mister bertr i am here or wait i'll go right it in surprice him
	layer_8: interposed billy tell mister berthram i am here or wait i'll go right it and surprise him
	layer_10: interposed billy tell mister beurtream i am here or wait i'll go write in and surprise him
	layer_12: interposed billy tell mister bertream i am here or wait i'll go write in and surprise him

file: 4323-55228-0006.flac
expected: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_2: peat ad re covered himself by now but he d not even glaince wra dant hana
	layer_4: pet had recovered himself by now but he did not even glanced wardant hanna
	layer_6: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glancedtwhardaunt hanna
	layer_8: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hana
	layer_10: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance towards aunt hannah
	layer_12: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah

file: 4323-55228-0007.flac
expected: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_2: miss belly miss billy your an anjul straktefrom haven you aren you are o i'm so glad you came
	layer_4: miss billy miss billy your an angel strate from haven you are you are o i'm so glad you came
	layer_6: miss billy miss billy ur an angel straikt from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_8: miss billy miss billy you'r an angel straight from heaven you aret you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_10: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you aren you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_12: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are' you are oh i'm so glad you came

file: 4323-55228-0008.flac
expected: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_2: ittill beal righte n ow a right hesind the dend misspilly
	layer_4: it'll be all right now all right he' sin the dean miss billy
	layer_6: it'll be all right now all right he sen the dend miss billy
	layer_8: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_10: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_12: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy

file: 4323-55228-0009.flac
expected: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_2: villy turne eagerly but before she could take so much as onecestep towhred the doorat the ando the holl ant hanas indignant voic arested her bily stoe
	layer_4: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end o the hall aunt hann as indignant voice irrested her billys stopp
	layer_6: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy's stop
	layer_8: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_10: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_12: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop

file: 4323-55228-0010.flac
expected: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_2: peat go tellg your master that we ar here and ask if you will recive u peats lips twiched
	layer_4: peat go tell your master that we ar here and askif you will receive us peats lips twitched
	layer_6: pet go tell your master that we are here and ask if you will receive us petslips twitched
	layer_8: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_10: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_12: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched

file: 4323-55228-0011.flac
expected: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_2: but his face was pretder naturally grave when hespok
	layer_4: but his face was preter nanturally grave when he spooke
	layer_6: but his face was preter naturally grave when he spoke
	layer_8: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_10: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_12: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke

file: 4323-55228-0012.flac
expected: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its knees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_2: a flying fi your brushe by him and fel oni sesed by the cout with e low cry birthuims eiyes flew open
	layer_4: a flying figyour brushed by him anfellaonit sesed by the couth with a low cry bertrams eyes flew open
	layer_6: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it sezed by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_8: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_10: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_12: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open

file: 4323-55228-0013.flac
expected: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_2: dongling found i thera minut later polishing a silvfrtiesepon with a fringhe napkin that had been spread over burtramstry
	layer_4: dong ling found him ther a minut later polishing a silvertespoon with a frinche napkin that had been spread over berchamstray
	layer_6: dog ling found him there a minute later polishing a silverteaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over berctram's trey
	layer_8: dog ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_10: dogling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_12: dogling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray

file: 4323-55228-0014.flac
expected: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_2: in the hall abo than't hanna was crying into will am s gry len andduster that hung on the hall rack ant hannas hankeacif was on the flor back at heil sid
	layer_4: in the hall above ant hanna was crying into william's graylin and duster that hung on the hall rack ant handnis handkerchiepf was on the flor back et hellside
	layer_6: in the hall above ant hanno was crying into william's grylin and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor backat hellside
	layer_8: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's greylyn and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_10: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's greylin and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_12: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's greylin and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside

file: 4323-55228-0015.flac
expected: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all
	layer_2: then very gradwally it dondover then that theire was after all something strange and on exlain id adall
	layer_4: then very gradually it dand over them that there was after all something strange and un excplained id int all
	layer_6: then very gradually it done over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it it all
	layer_8: then very gradually it dawnned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_10: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_12: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in at all

file: 4323-55228-0016.flac
expected: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_2: as if to make sure that she was her like this he do her evin closer bir tin was so thankful that i did have one arm that wos usible
	layer_4: as if to make sure that she was here like this he dow her even closer brtinm was so thankful that i did have one arm that whas usable
	layer_6: as if to make sure that she was here like this he dew her even closer berton was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_8: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertoamn was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_10: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertroanm was so thankful that he did have one arm that was useable
	layer_12: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was useable

file: 4323-55228-0017.flac
expected: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_2: why a of course stamored billiy i couldn't help thinking that may be you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_4: why  of course stamoured billi i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_6: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_8: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_10: why o of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_12: why o of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me

file: 4323-55228-0018.flac
expected: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_2: temaneded birc om angry an mistifite
	layer_4: demainded birtrim angry and mistefied
	layer_6: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_8: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_10: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_12: demanded bertram angry and mystified

file: 4323-55228-0019.flac
expected: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_2: as for my not painting agin youdn understhand pet deary
	layer_4: as for my not painting again you didn't unders tand pete dery
	layer_6: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deary
	layer_8: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_10: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_12: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie

file: 4323-55228-0020.flac
expected: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm
	layer_2: she pule herself half away from brichms ind circtling arm
	layer_4: she puled her self half away from bradchims and cirkling arm
	layer_6: she pulled herself half away from bridghhems in circling arm
	layer_8: she pulled herself half away from bridgam's en circling arm
	layer_10: she pulled herself half away from bridgeham's encircling arm
	layer_12: she pulled herself half away from bridgeham's encircling arm

file: 4323-55228-0021.flac
expected: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_2: billy dou a quivering sig
	layer_4: billydeur a quifering sigh
	layer_6: billyd yeur quifering sigh
	layer_8: billydyoa a quivering sigh
	layer_10: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_12: billy drew a quivering sigh

file: 4323-55228-0022.flac
expected: good heavens is kate in this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_2: good havins is cat n this too birthumns voice was savage now
	layer_4: good heavens is cate an this too bircam's voice was savage now
	layer_6: good heaven's is kate in this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_8: good heavens is kate an this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_10: good heavens is kate and this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_12: good heavens is kate and this too bertram's voice was savage now

file: 4323-55228-0023.flac
expected: well she wrote a letter
	layer_2: wel she roete a letter
	layer_4: well she rot a letter
	layer_6: well she wrote a letter
	layer_8: well she wrote a letter
	layer_10: well she wrote a letter
	layer_12: well she wrote a letter

file: 4323-55228-0024.flac
expected: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_2: beilly laugt gatly but she shifted her position and did not met her leverseys
	layer_4: billy lauged galy but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover'seyes
	layer_6: billy laughed gaitly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_8: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_10: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lovers eyes
	layer_12: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lovers eyes

file: 4323-55228-0025.flac
expected: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_2: and you never dod think for minu billy that you cared for him
	layer_4: and you never dod think for minute billye that you cared for him
	layer_6: and you never did think for minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_8: and you never did think for minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_10: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_12: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him

file: 4323-55228-0026.flac
expected: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_2: he had not men slow o markgets with lowering o her ilets
	layer_4: he had not been slow o mark that swith lowering onf fer eisleds
	layer_6: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelods
	layer_8: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_10: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_12: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids

file: 4323-55228-0027.flac
expected: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwright's
	layer_2: bile was so glad birtrima turin the question on hurlov in stat of oarkrihts
	layer_4: billy was so glad birtrim aturnedthe question on herelove instead of ourkrigts
	layer_6: billy was so glad bertram had turnedthe question on herr love instead of arkwrights
	layer_8: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_10: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_12: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights

file: 4323-55228-0028.flac
expected: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily
	layer_2: after a minute billy sturd and side halftly
	layer_4: after a minute billy stirred and sihde halfily
	layer_6: after a minute billy stirred in sighet halfily
	layer_8: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfly
	layer_10: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halpily
	layer_12: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halpily

file: 4323-55228-0029.flac
expected: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_2: you se i wasn n mov with miste ar cryht
	layer_4: you see i wasn't an love with mister ar criht
	layer_6: you see i wasn't in love with mister aur cright
	layer_8: you see i wasn't in love with mister ar cright
	layer_10: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkright
	layer_12: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkright

file: 4323-55228-0030.flac
expected: and and you didn't care specially for for miss winthrop
	layer_2: and and youdidn't car special ly for frorm mis wintr
	layer_4: and and you didn't cari speciallye for for is wintr
	layer_6: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintro
	layer_8: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss windro
	layer_10: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintrob
	layer_12: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintro

file: 4323-55228-0031.flac
expected: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_2: bulle put hsoffing er on his lips
	layer_4: billy put a sof finger on his lips
	layer_6: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_8: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_10: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_12: billy put a soft finger on his lips

file: 4323-55228-0032.flac
expected: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented
	layer_2: virter  kisset the fhinger ans obsidet f he caomminut
	layer_4: bertub kiss the finger andce obsided  he comtminute
	layer_6: vertrm kissed the finger and subsidedum he comminute
	layer_8: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided hump he commented
	layer_10: bertram kissed the finger and subsideed hump he commented
	layer_12: bertram kissed the finger and subsided hump he commented

file: 4323-55228-0033.flac
expected: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_2: whil what is tha is that cate too dhe manded ber hrim grimly
	layer_4: while what is that is that cate too demanded brthrim grimly
	layer_6: wele what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_8: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_10: well what is that as that kate two demanded bertram grimly
	layer_12: well what is that as that kate two demanded bertram grimly

file: 4323-55228-0034.flac
expected: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_2: there was a note silence then suddenly brch rim stird
	layer_4: there was another silence then suddenly brth rim stired
	layer_6: there was another silence then suddenly brchram stirrd
	layer_8: there was another silence then suddenly brtram stirred
	layer_10: there was another silence then suddenly brtram stirred
	layer_12: there was another silence then suddenly brtram stirred

file: 4323-55228-0035.flac
expected: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_2: billy 'm going amaerry you to maorrow he a nounce decisively
	layer_4: billy i'm going ta maerry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_6: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_8: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_10: billie i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_12: billie i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively

file: 4323-55228-0036.flac
expected: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_2: i don't know as i can treust you hout of my sight till then you'll reed something or hear something our get a letter from cate after breakfas to mar mornin that wil suc you saving me again and i don't want to be sayd that way
	layer_4: i don't know as i cantrust you out o my sight till then you'll read something our hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morow morning that will seth you saving me again and i don't want to be sayed that way
	layer_6: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or heare something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_8: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_10: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_12: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way

file: 4323-55228-0037.flac
expected: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_2: i'm going ta marr you to morrow i' get he stopd shyorit with a sudden frown cont found that ly forgot
	layer_4: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped shor t with a sudden froun con' found that l i forgot
	layer_6: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_8: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_10: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_12: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot

file: 4323-55228-0038.flac
expected: five days indeed sir
	layer_2: five dazndedter
	layer_4: five das in deed ir
	layer_6: five days indeed sir
	layer_8: five days indeed sir
	layer_10: five days indeed sir
	layer_12: five days indeed sir

file: 4323-55228-0039.flac
expected: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_2: i wounderi you' think i cin get ready to be marid an five days
	layer_4: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married im five days
	layer_6: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married him five days
	layer_8: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_10: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_12: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days

file: 4323-55228-0040.flac
expected: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_2: don't want syou to gite ready retorted bir trom promly i som mare yite readyan i had all i wantit of it
	layer_4: don't want you to gete ready retorted bertram promply i som mari it ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_6: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie it ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_8: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie it ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_10: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie et ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_12: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie et ready and i had all i wanted of it

file: 4323-55228-0041.flac
expected: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_2: if you really must have al toes miles of table closs and nackins anddoylies and lace wruflings wil to at afterwards not befor but
	layer_4: if you really must have all those miles of table clos and napkins and doyles and laces rothtlings wi'll do at afterwards not before but
	layer_6: if you really must have all those miles of table cloths and napkins and doiliys and lace rughlings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_8: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doyleiys and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_10: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doileys and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_12: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doyleys and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but

file: 4323-55228-0042.flac
expected: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_2: besigedes i neg you to take care of me cut imberchom craftily
	layer_4: besides i need you to take care of me cut imbercham craftily
	layer_6: besides i need you to take care of me cut inbercham craftily
	layer_8: besides i need you to take care of me cut im berchram craftily
	layer_10: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_12: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily

file: 4323-55228-0043.flac
expected: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_2: the tender cglow one billys face tol it sown sdory and brchims ager eyes were not slowte of red it
	layer_4: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and birchrams eager eyes were not slow of read it
	layer_6: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertrams eager eyes were not slowd to read it
	layer_8: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_10: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_12: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it

file: 4323-55228-0044.flac
expected: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_2: swed hart see here dear he criedsoftly tihtening his good left arm
	layer_4: sweet eart see here dear he cried softly tightening his god left arm
	layer_6: sweet heart see here dear he cried softly tightening his god left arm
	layer_8: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_10: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_12: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm

file: 4323-55228-0045.flac
expected: billy my dear
	layer_2: bli my deher
	layer_4: billy my de her
	layer_6: billy mi deer
	layer_8: billy my der
	layer_10: billy my dear
	layer_12: billy my dear

file: 4323-55228-0046.flac
expected: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_2: it was ant hannas plainti voice ath the darway a litte later
	layer_4: it was aunt hand as plainto voice ath the dorway a little later
	layer_6: it was aunt hana's plaintivd voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_8: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_10: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_12: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later

file: 4323-55228-0047.flac
expected: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_2: we must go homean will hyu is here too and monst to see you
	layer_4: we must go home and will yu mis here too and ants to see you
	layer_6: we must go home and will yu is here two and wants to see you
	layer_8: we must go home and will youm is here too and wants to see you
	layer_10: we must go home and willium is here too and wants to see you
	layer_12: we must go home and willium is here too and wants to see you

file: 4323-55228-0048.flac
expected: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_2: you meanit o be befor abtopr
	layer_4: you mang it'l be before octoper
	layer_6: you mean it 'll be before oxt ober
	layer_8: you mean itll be before oxtober
	layer_10: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_12: you mean it'll be before octover

file: 4323-55228-0049.flac
expected: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_2: ant hana glancs from wane to the other un certainly
	layer_4: ant hanneglanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_6: aunthanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_8: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_10: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_12: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly

file: 4323-55228-0050.flac
expected: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_2: y es noded billy to mearly
	layer_4: yes noted billy do merely
	layer_6: yes nodded billy demerely
	layer_8: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_10: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_12: yes nodded billy demurely

file: 4323-55228-0051.flac
expected: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram airily
	layer_2: yesi know that is a good wile cut in berchrmarly
	layer_4: yes i know that is a good while cat in brthremarily
	layer_6: yes i know that is a good while cut in berthrimarily
	layer_8: yes i know that is a good while cut in berchra marrily
	layer_10: yes i know that is a good while cut in berchram merrily
	layer_12: yes i know that is a good while cut in berthram marrily

file: 4323-55228-0052.flac
expected: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_2: we wanded it to morow but whe had t awaite uon accaun of tha new liceons ler
	layer_4: we wanted it to morrow but we had towaigt un account ef the new licins la
	layer_6: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licenslaw
	layer_8: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licence law
	layer_10: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licencse law
	layer_12: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licence law

file: 1630-102884-0000.flac
expected: in my recent travels in the west i have felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_2: ind mih reas an travelhs in the west i felt that out ther freedem at an idoear has becom febor and inefactual
	layer_4: in my reasen travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idear has become feble and inifectual
	layer_6: in my reason travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idea hash become feeble and inefectual
	layer_8: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea hash become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_10: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_12: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual

file: 1630-102884-0001.flac
expected: the same thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_2: the fam thing itf havning know whith the pepl of the rest
	layer_4: the fame thing as havning now with the people of the west
	layer_6: the fame thing is havening now with the people of the west
	layer_8: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_10: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_12: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the west

file: 1630-102884-0002.flac
expected: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_2: they aflaterd into bleving that they afre and they haved the soveren p in the hands
	layer_4: they a flattered into believing that they afree and they have the soverin par in the hands
	layer_6: theyre flattered into believing that they arefree and they have the sovereign por in thei hands
	layer_8: theyare flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign pawre in their hands
	layer_10: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in the hands
	layer_12: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in the hands

file: 1630-102884-0003.flac
expected: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the west
	layer_2: uts it has becom more and more evdin to me that the idyl o freed him has gron thenoous in th at misfer of the vest
	layer_4: hus it has become more and more evdent to me that the ideal a freed him has gron tenuous in the atmospear of the vest
	layer_6: thus it has become more and more evdent to me that the ideal arefreedom has grown tenuous in the admosphere of the vest
	layer_8: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal orf freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the wvest
	layer_10: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_12: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal or freedom has grown genuous in the atmosphere of the vest

file: 1630-102884-0004.flac
expected: the mentality is that of a slave owning community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commercial and political treadmill
	layer_2: the mintallity as that offerslave onin community but am mutlated molg turd of men thid to adscomotil and pilito gl tredmi
	layer_4: the mintality as that of eslave on ingcommunity with homutilated multityured of men tied to adscommotial and pilitigl tredmil
	layer_6: the mintality as that off a celave own in community with a mutuilated multituard of men tied to itscommotioal and felitical tredmill
	layer_8: the mentality is that of a slave own incommunity with hammutulated multitud of men tied to its commotionl and political treadmill
	layer_10: the mentality is that of a slave own in community with the mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotional and political treadmill
	layer_12: the mentality is that of a slave own in community with the mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotional and political treadmill

file: 1630-102884-0005.flac
expected: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_2: he who cas to hovslas must chan him self to them he who bils macs to greeadexclution for othersa bilts mols ecrosseson freden he whod dis trus pfreedemin athers  lunseses marluld right to it
	layer_4: he who cas to helse laves must chaine himself to them he who buils walls to creat exclusion for others bildls walls across hessown freeden he who distruts freedhem inothers loonses es marlld wright to it
	layer_6: he who cars to helse leaves must chan himself to them he who builts walls to create exclusion for others buillts walls across this own freeden he who distrust freetom inothers losesis marele right to it
	layer_8: he who cares to halve slaves must chain himself to them he who builts walts to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedom he who distrust freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_10: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his morreal rite to it
	layer_12: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his morral rite to it

file: 1630-102884-0006.flac
expected: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_2: hand theyquied a tre laugh a fretim
	layer_4: han they quiet a true lough o freed hom
	layer_6: havd they cquied ar true logh offreedom
	layer_8: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_10: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_12: have they acquired a true love of freedom

file: 1630-102884-0007.flac
expected: the great epic of the soul of our people the mahabharata gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_2: the great apek ofthe sel af er people the ma hur pardther gif ses abont fllvasion of an erilewing life foll afthe fredim of in quiery and exparoment
	layer_4: the great apick of the sel of her people the maher paredter gifsis abontfull vision of an everlowing life full afthe freadom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_6: the great epic of the sal of her people the maha parter givesus abontiful vision of an evrflowing life full afte freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_8: the great epicu of the sel of her people the mahaparta gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_10: the great epich of the soul of her people the mahaparta gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_12: the great epich of the soul of her people the mahaparta gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment

file: 1630-102884-0008.flac
expected: when the age of the buddha came humanity was stirred in our country to its uttermost depth
	layer_2: then the age of the buder came he manitywals thard in or contre to ats atimilt step
	layer_4: than the age of the bouder came he manitybls tard in our country to its atermil stepth
	layer_6: then the age of the boodder came humanity was tawrd in our country to its attermilsteph
	layer_8: when the age of the booder came humanity was tawed in our country to its attermals deph
	layer_10: when the age of the booter came humanity was tawed in our country to its attermal depth
	layer_12: when the age of the booter came humanity was tawed in our country to its attermal depth

file: 1630-102884-0009.flac
expected: it hardened into an age of inert construction
	layer_2: ic hardnd intr in eigge if inot construction
	layer_4: i hardend into in eage of iote construction
	layer_6: iardened into an age of inote construction
	layer_8: echadened into an age of innote construction
	layer_10: ithadened into an age of innote construction
	layer_12: ithardened into an age of ennote construction

file: 1630-102884-0010.flac
expected: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_2: thee agany unity of fr theiryd and elastecsocity gae we to conventional ader bhith prod ats artificial carriter by t i nexhrabe low of exclution
	layer_4: the oganiccunity of ar verid and elastic society gave way to conventional oder with prud it artificial charater by ity next rubl lo of exclusion
	layer_6: the ouganiccunity of he varid and ilastic society gave way toa conventional oder which prove it artificial character by it e next rable law of exclusion
	layer_8: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by it thinnexorable law of exclusion
	layer_10: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_12: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion

file: 1630-102884-0011.flac
expected: life has its inequalities i admit but they are natural and are in harmony with our vital functions
	layer_2: life ha that f iny qualities i hadmet but ber nadur and a and hurmly wittha vit l functions
	layer_4: life hath it f iny qualities i hadmit but bear nathful and a and hurmny with thoir vitele functions
	layer_6: life hath it any qualities i admet but beyr natuul endar and hermly with tour vital functions
	layer_8: life hath it  anequalities i admit but baar natural endare and harmly with our vital functions
	layer_10: life hath it anequalities i admit but bare natural ender and harmny with our vital functions
	layer_12: life hath it anequalities i admit but bare natural ender and harmny with our vital functions

file: 1630-102884-0012.flac
expected: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_2: byst queesing human beings in the great off en in e lastecsestiam and foarcily herlding them fexd me hare inod the las of live an groat
	layer_4: by squesing human beings in the grap off an inilastic sistom and falcibly herlding them fixed mehave icgnord the laws of lived and grot
	layer_6: by squeaezing human beings in the grape of an inilastic system and farsibly herlding them fixed wey have ignored the laws of life ind growth
	layer_8: by squeezing human beings in the grupe of an anelastic system and falsibly hulding them fixed wey have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_10: by squeezing human beings in the grape of an inelastic system and fulsibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_12: by squeezing human beings in the grape of an inelastic system and fulsibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth

file: 1630-102884-0013.flac
expected: we have forced living souls into a permanent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_2: be hare forcet living saolse into rappomen and patsivity madting them in kep aber of moiding sircomnschence to tearrle intrancic thesine and of mastring teroen detne
	layer_4: be have forced living sols into a pemin and pasivity mating them incaepabl of molding cilcumstence to thero intrancic design and of mastering theirown destiony
	layer_6: we have forced living sels into a pemanent pasivity mating them incapable of moulding cilcumstance to thei r rown intrancic design and of mastering their own testiony
	layer_8: we have forced living sellvs into a pemanent pastivity making them incapable of moulding cirlcumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testiony
	layer_10: we have forced living cells into a pemanent passtivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testiony
	layer_12: we have forced living cells into a pemanent pastivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testiny

file: 1630-102884-0014.flac
expected: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this persistent misfortune dogging our steps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_2: as yu pefaction has becomso afcelute that be do not imen realice that thes pesistan misforton daging us chepsfolr agus canno be of mar axidend of histre remu ober only by inotlr axiden from outside
	layer_4: asked youpefactione has become so absolute that we donot evon relice that this pesisten misfortune darging as cheps fuor agus cannot be o mere accident of history remoobl only by enother accident from out side
	layer_6: ask upifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this pesistant misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history remuable only by another accident from outside
	layer_8: aus dupifaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this persistent misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history remoable only by another accident from outside
	layer_10: our tupifaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this persistent misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be o mere acident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_12: our dupifaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this persistent misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be o mere acident of history removable only by another accident from outside

file: 1630-102884-0015.flac
expected: they will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting in freedom's cause
	layer_2: theevil be incapaber of heiding erjust fredom in parlitegs and af fiting and freed hims caurse
	layer_4: thevill be in capaber of holding ar just freedom in porlitics and a fighting and freedhom scause
	layer_6: the will be incapabere of holding ar just freedom in parlitics and a fighting and freedom'scause
	layer_8: theye will be incapabele of holding e just freedom in politics and af fighting and freedom's cause
	layer_10: they will be incapable of holding her just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause
	layer_12: they will be incapable of holding her just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause

file: 1630-102884-0016.flac
expected: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_2: it tred presense ther acto as pectifi noture thith haster appirencs uffrdim but not ets trud and therefor gif srice to slavery thougth withen ats boun tryce en outside
	layer_4: het tred resense the active as ectof hinosha which has ther appurence of freedom but notets truth and therefore gife's rice to slavery thouth within ats pountris an outside
	layer_6: he tred presents the active aspect of inosia which has the appuarance of freedom but nodteds truth and therefore gives rise to slavery thoth withhin its boundris in outside
	layer_8: ec represents the active aspect of inersia which has the appearance of freedom but nowdits truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_10: ech represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_12: each represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery bhoth within its boundaries and outside

file: 1630-73710-0000.flac
expected: it is at the foot of woman that we lay the laurels that without her smile would never have been gained it is her image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides our brain in the august toils of stately councils
	layer_2: it is at the fot of wooman that be lae the laustat ithout husmil would never ha been gand it is ar immage tet s trings delier of the pot that an meades af wase in the blatse of aeli qonfaction and guid so dreain in the wal ges toylls of statly consars
	layer_4: it is it the foot of woman that be laid the larus that bwithout hers mile would never hav been gaint it is o image that trings deliare of the poit that an mates afe voise in the blatce of alequenfaction an guide sef drain in the alges toiles of s tately councerls
	layer_6: it is at the foot of woman that be layd the lawrus that without hes mile would never have been gained it is or image that strings delir of the poit that anemades are voice in the blace of elequent faction and guide ser drain in the ougust toils of stately counsers
	layer_8: it is at the foot of woman that we lay the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is er image that strings the lire of the poet that annimades ar voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides erve drain in the august toils of stately counsels
	layer_10: it is at the foot of woman that belay the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is er image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates or voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides are drain in the august toils of stately councels
	layer_12: it is at the foot of woman that belay the lawrus that without her smile would never have been gained it is er image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates are voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides are drain in the august toils of stately councels

file: 1630-73710-0001.flac
expected: is there no hope for them so full of hope
	layer_2: is day no help fort thamn ofoulof holp
	layer_4: is day no holp for them so full ive holp
	layer_6: is day no hope for them so full of helpe
	layer_8: is day no hope for them so full of help
	layer_10: is day no hope for them so full of help
	layer_12: his day no hope for them so full of help

file: 1630-73710-0002.flac
expected: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vicissitudes to the imagination
	layer_2: it meaks the hartake but topictur sat risisiteds to they imagination
	layer_4: it meks the hartag but to picture suth wicisitalds to they imagination
	layer_6: it makes the heart ache but to picture such recissiteald to their imagination
	layer_8: it makes the heard ach but to picture such vecisitils to their imagination
	layer_10: it makes the heartache but to picture such necessitils to their imagination
	layer_12: it makes the heartache but to picture such necessitaes to their imagination

file: 1630-73710-0003.flac
expected: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death obscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and tainting the healthy atmosphere of our happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_2: the nolge that such jhanges cin eacor flits overth the mind like the tfhougt of deat et scaring allar ga fanfice bit its batd like wing and taning the helly adnyfer of her hapness bhit its venemous expirations
	layer_4: the nowleged that such janges can a cur flits ever the mind like the thought of death it scuring all e gaefanpfes bith its bad like wing and caning the heldy atdmnefeare of her happness with its venimous expurations
	layer_6: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death it scuring all ar ga fanfis with its bad like wing and changing the healty atmofere of her hapness with its vanomous expurations
	layer_8: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death i scuring all our gay fanfies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_10: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death abscouring all our gay fanfies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her happiness with its venomous explirations
	layer_12: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death abscouring all our gay fanfies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her happiness with its venomous explirations

file: 1630-73710-0004.flac
expected: mine own
	layer_2: mynes
	layer_4: mine ens
	layer_6: min ells
	layer_8: mine owns
	layer_10: mine ons
	layer_12: mine owns

file: 1630-73710-0005.flac
expected: what did what could you do
	layer_2: whateatd at coutido
	layer_4: wadead what coult y toom
	layer_6: what deat what couldly doom
	layer_8: what dad what couldhe dom
	layer_10: what dad what could he do
	layer_12: what dead what could he do

file: 1630-73710-0006.flac
expected: i beat about my chamber like a silly bird in a cage
	layer_2: i bet a bot my cham ber leket a filyd bod inticage
	layer_4: i bit argout my chamber like a felly burd in the cage
	layer_6: i bett about my chamber like a tfirly bird in the cage
	layer_8: i bet about my chamber like a fili bird in the cage
	layer_10: i bet about my chamber like a fhily bird in the cage
	layer_12: i bet about my chamber like a fily bird in the cage

file: 1630-73710-0007.flac
expected: do not think of moving to day
	layer_2: do not think of morvin to day
	layer_4: do not think of morving to day
	layer_6: do not think of moving to day
	layer_8: do not think of moving to day
	layer_10: do not think of moving to day
	layer_12: do not think of moving to day

file: 1630-73710-0008.flac
expected: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_2: to nar keep the messengur in instiant
	layer_4: to no keep the messenger an instant
	layer_6: to not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_8: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_10: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_12: do not keep the messenger an instant

file: 1630-73710-0009.flac
expected: he is on my pony
	layer_2: he s an my peme
	layer_4: es on my poly
	layer_6: heis on my pomly
	layer_8: he is on my pomely
	layer_10: he is on my pony
	layer_12: he is on my pony

file: 1630-73710-0010.flac
expected: write only one word to your own henrietta
	layer_2: right oun le one woard to y rom hen reite
	layer_4: right only wone word to yearron hengreeatel
	layer_6: right only one word to your e engriatal
	layer_8: writ only one word to your on hengreatl
	layer_10: write only one word to your own henriatol
	layer_12: write only one word to your own henriatol

file: 1630-73710-0011.flac
expected: ferdinand to henrietta
	layer_2: fordanent to han reter
	layer_4: fordnent to hen reter
	layer_6: fordinant to henreater
	layer_8: fordnant to henreter
	layer_10: fordnant to henrieter
	layer_12: fordnant to henrietter

file: 1630-73710-0012.flac
expected: god bless you my henrietta my beloved my matchless henrietta
	layer_2: got less you m hen reater y belovered why masless hen rater
	layer_4: got less you my hen reater y belovered my magseless hendriater
	layer_6: god less you my hanriater my belovered my machless hanriater
	layer_8: godbless you my henriator my beloved my machless henrator
	layer_10: godbless you my henrieatter my beloved my matchless henrietter
	layer_12: godbless you my henrietter my beloved my matchless henrietter

file: 1630-73710-0013.flac
expected: what has that separation not cost me
	layer_2: wad has ta feporation o caos me
	layer_4: what has ted fapration ot caust me
	layer_6: what has dead seporation not cast me
	layer_8: what has te separation not cast me
	layer_10: what has that separation not cast me
	layer_12: what has that separation not cast me

file: 1630-73710-0014.flac
expected: pangs that i could not conceive any human misery could occasion
	layer_2: pan tad i could not consive any human rihsrycoed ecasion
	layer_4: pangs tat i could not conceive anhumanewihsre could occasion
	layer_6: pangs that i could not conceive in humanwythry cood occasion
	layer_8: pangs that i could not conceive an human rierey cold occasion
	layer_10: pangs that i could not conceive iny human myzery could occasion
	layer_12: pangs that i could not conceive iny human ryzrey could occasion

file: 1630-73710-0015.flac
expected: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_2: and yet i al to be greatfor that he was anin jhurd last night
	layer_4: and yet i ogh to be grat ful that he was onlin jurd last night
	layer_6: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unincured last night
	layer_8: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_10: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_12: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unindured last night

file: 1630-73710-0016.flac
expected: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_2: i de not know on how fooli sha was
	layer_4: i dee not know on how foolish i was
	layer_6: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_8: i dared not now own how foolish i was
	layer_10: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_12: i dared not now own how foolish i was

file: 1630-73710-0017.flac
expected: do not be angry with your henrietta but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_2: di not be an gr vit yuhend ryater bur im noers abot con ceeling ar ingaeman trompaper
	layer_4: di not be angrewith you henriator but i'm nius about concealing er ingademen frympeapa
	layer_6: do not be angry with your hanriater but i'm novous about concealing heur engagement from papa
	layer_8: do not be angry with your henrietor but i am novous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_10: do not be angry with you henrietto but iam nobles about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_12: do not be angry with you henriette but i am nobles about concealing our engagement from papa

file: 1630-73710-0018.flac
expected: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know ferdinand i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_2: dayze mous e lapes before you can retbouth and they no fordnent i no your affofsis moretificlet then yourill confess
	layer_4: dayse must the laps before you can react bouth and they no fordnant i know your affecis more tifficult than you wil konfess
	layer_6: days muc he lapse before you can reat bouth and thi now fordinat i know yeur offuces more difficult than you will confess
	layer_8: days muter laps before you can reat bouth and i know furdinate i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_10: days much elapse before you can read both and i know fordinant i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_12: days much elapse before you can read both and i know fordinant i know your office is more difficult than you will confess

file: 1630-73710-0019.flac
expected: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_2: but come bact my on as son as heu gan and righted to me ad the piet hafice as yhi setdled
	layer_4: but come back my on as soon as he  gain and righte to me at the pils chaffice as yhe settled
	layer_6: but come back my own as soon as he again and rit to me at the pirst chaffice as yoeu settled
	layer_8: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the postshaffice as you settled
	layer_10: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_12: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the post office as you settled

file: 1630-73710-0020.flac
expected: the consciousness that you are so near makes me restless
	layer_2: the consciousneh that ur so nar mikes mein restless
	layer_4: the conscious noth that your to neor miks een restless
	layer_6: the conscious neth that your so near mixes me restless
	layer_8: the consciousness that you're so near mikes me restless
	layer_10: the consciousness that you so near makes me restless
	layer_12: the consciousness that you'r so near makes me restless

file: 1630-73710-0021.flac
expected: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_2: i vishd to met him but thath much combnene af thecan commond
	layer_4: i wish to meet him but thas much comness a hey can commond
	layer_6: i wish to meet him but as much camness afs they can command
	layer_8: i wish to meet him wit as much calmness as he can command
	layer_10: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as he can command
	layer_12: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as he can command

file: 1630-141772-0000.flac
expected: on the pratzen heights where he had fallen with the flagstaff in his hand lay prince andrew bolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_2: on the prads an hits wthere he had falin with the flacceov ing his hand laprencs antrabl gonsky leading frofusly and and conciustly utring aendtle peteurs and chil like moonm
	layer_4: on the pradson heights were he had falling with the flac sthelf in his hand laprince an rubl kansky beleading frofusely and unconscioustly utering agentle petious and chil like moon
	layer_6: on the prad sin heights where he had fallen with the flag stherf in his hand laprince and droble gonsky bleeding frofusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle peteous andchillike moon
	layer_8: on the pladzen heidts where he had fallen with the flagherf in his hand laprince and drubolkonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moom
	layer_10: on the pratsan heites where he had fallen with the flagscherf in his hand laprince and ru bolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike mon
	layer_12: on the platzan heides where he had fallen with the flagscherf in his hand laprince and rubolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike mon

file: 1630-141772-0001.flac
expected: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_2: sort inly he again fele that he ous alie and suftring from a boning lastreting ben in his head
	layer_4: soingly he again felle that he was alive and suftring from a buning last reating ban in his head
	layer_6: sertinly he again fell that he was alive and sufftering from a buning last raating pain in his head
	layer_8: sudenly he again fel that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacterating pain in his head
	layer_10: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_12: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head

file: 1630-141772-0002.flac
expected: was his first thought
	layer_2: what is feirst thaught
	layer_4: was his first thought
	layer_6: was his first thought
	layer_8: was his first thought
	layer_10: was his first thought
	layer_12: was his first thought

file: 1630-141772-0003.flac
expected: he feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_2: he febly moed his lege and ortered ovek siekly gron with arroused his sthown pitty
	layer_4: he fably moed his leg and attered of weu sikly grown whitch erroused his own pitty
	layer_6: he fably moone his leg and uttered of wek sickly growan which aroused his own pity
	layer_8: he fably moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_10: he fably moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_12: he fably moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity

file: 1630-141772-0004.flac
expected: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_2: lif thes young menup and cairy him to the drestingstation
	layer_4: lift this young men up and carry him to the dressingstation
	layer_6: lifthis young men up and carrye him to the dressing station
	layer_8: lift this young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_10: lift his young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_12: lift his young men up and carry him to the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0005.flac
expected: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted onto the stretcher the jolting while being moved and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_2: pren tan drurymembrd nothing mor he last consioeth nestrom the tarerbl ban of beinglifted oun to thehstrettoure the jolding ril being mod and the probing of his woond atd the drethintation
	layer_4: prin  an druwremembered nothing mor he lost counsciousnest rom the tarrable pan of being lifted oun to thestraatcher the jolting wile being mod and the plrobing of his woon at the dreasingtation
	layer_6: prinh and drew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted oun to the stretcher the jolting while being mood and the probing of his wound at the dressingstation
	layer_8: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolding while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_10: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretchere the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_12: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0006.flac
expected: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_2: yorring this transfor he fel a littte's tronger and was abl to look about him and even s peak
	layer_4: doring this transfer he feled a little's tronger and was able to look about him and even's peak
	layer_6: durring this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_8: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_10: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_12: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak

file: 1630-141772-0007.flac
expected: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_2: he askt onseing the prisnes
	layer_4: he asked on seeing the prisiness
	layer_6: he asked on seeing the prisiness
	layer_8: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_10: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_12: he asked on seeing the prisoners

file: 1630-141772-0008.flac
expected: i commanded a squadron replied repnin
	layer_2: i commanded as cordirun replid recnin
	layer_4: i commounded hes corden treplied regnen
	layer_6: i commanded his coldn replied wregnin
	layer_8: i commanded his coldon replied retnan
	layer_10: i commanded his coldron replied retnin
	layer_12: i commanded his coldron replied reknin

file: 1630-141772-0009.flac
expected: prince repnin named lieutenant sukhtelen
	layer_2: prenceranen namned lefturn in sutellen
	layer_4: prinse eepnen named leftern in sutellin
	layer_6: prin'srapnon named leftenin suctelin
	layer_8: prince repnen named leutenin suctelen
	layer_10: prince rebnen named lieutennin suctellen
	layer_12: prince repnen named lieutennin suctellen

file: 1630-141772-0010.flac
expected: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_2: afterlooking at him nipoliin smild
	layer_4: after looking it him nipolin smiled
	layer_6: after looking it him nipolon smiled
	layer_8: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_10: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_12: after looking at him napoleon smiled

file: 1630-141772-0011.flac
expected: youth is no hindrance to courage muttered sukhtelen in a failing voice
	layer_2: you hes now hantrans to carrage marteured sutellen in ifailing wise
	layer_4: you thes ne hintrence to carage marteared futelln in a failing vise
	layer_6: you thoes new hintrance to carage muttered suptelling in a failing voice
	layer_8: you this new hindrance to carriage muttered fuctelling in a failing voice
	layer_10: you this new hindrance to carriage muttered suctellan in a failing voice
	layer_12: you this new hindrance to carriage muttered fuctellen in a failing voice

file: 1630-141772-0012.flac
expected: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_2: a splanded rie ly saidtnipolin
	layer_4: a splainded rithly said ney pallin
	layer_6: a splaindid rith ly sednepolin
	layer_8: a splendid reply sadnipolen
	layer_10: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_12: a splendid reply said napolen

file: 1630-141772-0013.flac
expected: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_2: prrn sandr whed alithole ben brought forwert before ther amprrersice to complet the show of trisneurs cood not fail to attractife itention
	layer_4: pernsandroow whad allthol been brought forwerd before the emperther's eyse to complete the show of prisness could not fail to attractie attention
	layer_6: prensandrew who had also been brought forward before the empertor's eyse to complete the show of brisners could not fail to attracthise attention
	layer_8: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the empeter's eyes to complete the show of frithners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_10: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoner's could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_12: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoner's could not fail to attract his attention

file: 1630-141772-0014.flac
expected: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_2: his faite shon wih selfatifaction and lajure
	layer_4: his fath shown with selsatasfaction andplesure
	layer_6: his face shoune with sel satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_8: his face shoned with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_10: his face shoned with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_12: his face shoned with self satisfaction and pleasure

file: 1630-141772-0015.flac
expected: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_2: the soljurs we cary ftrensandre had notest andtaken ther little gold i con trinces mary had hung rown her brathers nik but seeing the fabere the ampora showed the frisners their know hazind to retuned the holy inagh
	layer_4: the solgers wet cari fprinse andro had notisd and taken the little gold ei con trincess mary had hung rown her brother's neck but seeing the favore the empere showed the prisners their now hasenet to returned the holy image
	layer_6: the soldiers who had carried friencse andrew had noticed and taken the little gold ei con frincess mary had hung roun her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperor showed the prisoners there now hazened to return the holy image
	layer_8: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eiecon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners thee now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_10: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_12: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image

file: 1630-141772-0016.flac
expected: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_2: prence an truw did not se how in by hom itoesrep last but the litttle ei con with its sthen gold chan sutingly appeared upon his chest ou side his ounform
	layer_4: prince and drew did not sea how ind by hom it was replact but the little ei con with its sin gold chain sidingly appeared upon his chest outside his ounform
	layer_6: prince and drew did not see how in by whom it was replaced but the little eye cowne with it sin gold chain suddengly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_8: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecorne with its thin gold chain siddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_10: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecorn with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_12: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecorn with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform

file: 1630-141772-0017.flac
expected: how good it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_2: how goditerd be to ktho ver to sea r heale in this life and watweexpect aftert be yon the gree
	layer_4: how good it hed be to no were to sek for help in this life and walhto expect after it beyond the greea
	layer_6: how good i oiuld be to know where to seek for help in this life and walt to expect after it beyond the gre
	layer_8: how good it hould be to know where to seek for help in this life and wal to expect after it beyond the gra
	layer_10: how good it shuld be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_12: how good it shuld be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave

file: 1630-141772-0018.flac
expected: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_2: ow hap pe an camm y should be if i good now se loard heave mosti on me
	layer_4: ho happy and calm i should be if i good now se lord have mosy on me
	layer_6: how happy and calm i should be if i gould now sa lord have mosy on me
	layer_8: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have morcy on me
	layer_10: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_12: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me

file: 1630-141772-0019.flac
expected: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sewn into this amulet by mary
	layer_2: i there tweboue intefinabo in com berhandsrbe which i notaunlycanod atress but witch a cano even extress in woads the great al or noshing saic he to him salf oh to theat gad who has bein ton into this ammulit by marry
	layer_4: either twepow in definable in complehendsible which i nowtunly cannod at tress but wich i canno even extress in wards the great all o nothing said he to himself o to that god who has been thol into this ammilet by mary
	layer_6: either to appow indefinable incomprehensible which i no toonely cannoet adtress but which i cannot even express in wards the great al or nothing said he to himself ar to that god who has been son into this amulate by mary
	layer_8: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot eddress but which i cannot even express in words the great aul or nothing said he to himself orh to that god who has been shown into this amulete by mary
	layer_10: either to a bower indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot eddress but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been thown into this amulet by mary
	layer_12: either to a bower indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot eddress but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been town into this amulet by mary

file: 1630-141772-0020.flac
expected: the stretchers moved on
	layer_2: thes traters moodon
	layer_4: this traters modon
	layer_6: the strachers mood on
	layer_8: the straitchers moed on
	layer_10: the streachers moved on
	layer_12: the streachers moved on

file: 1630-141772-0021.flac
expected: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_2: the quiet hom life and pieceful happiness of bol heils presended it selfh to him
	layer_4: the quiete home life and peceful happiness of bold hils presended itself to him
	layer_6: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presended itself to him
	layer_8: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_10: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him
	layer_12: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him

file: 1630-141772-0022.flac
expected: he is a nervous bilious subject said larrey and will not recover
	layer_2: key ifs e noveus peliu subj it said lari and the lot ry cover
	layer_4: key if e nervous belioa subjet said lari and thelnout re cover
	layer_6: key is e nervous belliu subject said lari and will not recover
	layer_8: key is a nervous belie subject said larie and will not recover
	layer_10: key is a nervous bealia subject said larrie and will not recover
	layer_12: key is a nervous bealia subject said larrie and will not recover

file: 1630-96099-0000.flac
expected: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_2: that twosor you relof cos an to take
	layer_4: that two so you will of corse an te take
	layer_6: that too so you will of course undertake
	layer_8: that too so you will of course undertake
	layer_10: that too so you will of course undertake
	layer_12: that too sa you will of course undertake

file: 1630-96099-0001.flac
expected: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_2: then something has happen he has somespeciale infimation some great nus
	layer_4: then something has happened he has somespecial information some great newse
	layer_6: then something has happened he has some special information some great mews
	layer_8: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_10: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_12: then something has happened he has some special information some great news

file: 1630-96099-0002.flac
expected: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_2: wen block ip ured it as evden that someping had gond rong with him
	layer_4: when blorkeppered it was evden hat something had goned rong with him
	layer_6: when black i peared it was evdent that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_8: when blark appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_10: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_12: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him

file: 1630-96099-0003.flac
expected: gone now just when we most want him never
	layer_2: gon now jes en he most wand him nevu
	layer_4: gone now just end he most warned him never
	layer_6: gone now just when he most warned him never
	layer_8: gone now just when he most warned him never
	layer_10: gone now just when he most warned him never
	layer_12: gone now just when he most warned him never

file: 1630-96099-0004.flac
expected: idiot triple idiot
	layer_2: itet tripel etet
	layer_4: itat tripl etit
	layer_6: idiat triple idit
	layer_8: ediot triple ediot
	layer_10: ediot triple idiot
	layer_12: ediot triple idiot

file: 1630-96099-0005.flac
expected: you shall be dismissed discharged from this hour you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_2: you shall be dismenst dis chircs from the sar you a discrease to the force
	layer_4: you shall be dismist tdis chars from the sar your a discrease to the force
	layer_6: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sar you r o discrease to the fore
	layer_8: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sar you 're ta disgrace to the falce
	layer_10: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sa you re a disgrace to the false
	layer_12: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sa you are a disgrace to the false

file: 1630-96099-0006.flac
expected: it is that or your great gluttony
	layer_2: it is that orl you grat glat me
	layer_4: it is that orl you great glut me
	layer_6: it is that or your great glatct me
	layer_8: it is that or your great glat me
	layer_10: it is that or your great glut my
	layer_12: it is that or your great glat me

file: 1630-96099-0007.flac
expected: my gentleman made himself most pleasant
	layer_2: my tentle inmeede himses no sttleasant
	layer_4: my cgentlemen mad himsels nos tleasant
	layer_6: my gentleman made himselvf no spleasant
	layer_8: my gentleman made himself no pleasant
	layer_10: my gentleman made himself no ssleasant
	layer_12: my gentleman made himself no sleasant

file: 1630-96099-0008.flac
expected: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_2: barllet any rat for my thin axceted
	layer_4: bellet any rat for my thins i ccepted
	layer_6: bell at any rate for my thincs i accepted
	layer_8: bell at any rate for my tins i accepted
	layer_10: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_12: well at any rate for my sins i accepted

file: 1630-96099-0009.flac
expected: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited friends you know it perhaps monsieur
	layer_2: we antered the firtst restrond that of the reinigto trancse i kne it pehapes missie
	layer_4: we entered the first resturond that of the reinigte trens inknew it puhaps missiar
	layer_6: we entered the first restauront that of the re nited trens e knew it perhaps myssieur
	layer_8: we entered the first restaurant that of the renited trence he knew it perhaps mes yer
	layer_10: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trance he knew it perhaps mys er
	layer_12: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trance he knew it perhaps myss yier

file: 1630-96099-0010.flac
expected: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn
	layer_2: i had no feare of himd not to the velrly latst whand he plad me the t ebor torn
	layer_4: i had no fear off himt not til lhe very last when he plad me the f ebl turn
	layer_6: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me thif eble turn
	layer_8: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evle turn
	layer_10: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn
	layer_12: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn

file: 1630-96099-0011.flac
expected: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was stuffed full monsieur i saw that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and paid with an italian bank note
	layer_2: i uspectrin nothing wan hy brought out his pocket pook it was taft fur th miss yr i thogh theat and my contiancing creased cal for the reckening and pabit than etailin band nod
	layer_4: i suspecteoe northing when he brought out his pocket book it as taffed for the messiar i thow that and my contienc ing creased calle for the reckning and pabit than itailin ban not
	layer_6: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tuffed for the messier i thow that and my contrence increased called for the wreckoning and pabit tan etailin banknoed
	layer_8: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was stufed for the messer i show that and my consfirence increased called for the reckoning and pay with an italian bannot
	layer_10: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tughed for the messier i thaw that and my consfirence increased called for the reckoning and pay with an italian bank note
	layer_12: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tufed for the messhier i thaw that ad my consfience increased called for the reckoning and pay with an italian bank note

file: 1630-96099-0012.flac
expected: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_2: excus bme one momand pray
	layer_4: exculse me one moment pray
	layer_6: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_8: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_10: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_12: excuse me one moment pray

file: 1630-96099-0013.flac
expected: he went out monsieur and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_2: he bent oud mahs hyer and pit baf he was no more to be seen
	layer_4: he went out mesth hiear and piff baf he was no more to be seen
	layer_6: he went out methiea and pifft baff he was no more to be seen
	layer_8: he went out messhear and pift pafth he was no more to be seen
	layer_10: he went out metheer and piff path he was no more to be seen
	layer_12: he went out mettheer and piff path he was no more to be seen

file: 1630-96099-0014.flac
expected: why let him out of your sight
	layer_2: wy lethim out of i sigd
	layer_4: why let him out of hi sight
	layer_6: why let him out of his sighd
	layer_8: why let him out of hi sigde
	layer_10: why let him out of his sight
	layer_12: why let him out of his sight

file: 1630-96099-0015.flac
expected: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the italian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_2: ich was only know at the leveen thar that the darlin had become incl pated and the curestion of his passible anxcitegoe has cype had never being considurt
	layer_4: it was only know at the leven thou that they darlin had become incal pated and the qhrestion of his possible anxcieteto as gap had never been consideut
	layer_6: it was only now at the leven thou that they daling had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_8: it was only now at the levent thour that the darling had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_10: it was only now at the leventh hou that the daling had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_12: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the dalin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered

file: 1630-96099-0016.flac
expected: he left everything behind
	layer_2: he left eeresing behind
	layer_4: he left everyting behind
	layer_6: she left everything behind
	layer_8: he left everything behind
	layer_10: she left everything behind
	layer_12: she left everything behind

file: 1630-96099-0017.flac
expected: hand it me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_2: handied to me said the chif and wrena game into his hands he began toe turn over the live's hawlidly
	layer_4: handed to me said the chief and wren it came into his hands he began to turn over the lift's howlidly
	layer_6: handed to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the lifs huwriedly
	layer_8: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the lifs hurriedly
	layer_10: hand it t me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the liavs hurriedly
	layer_12: hand it t me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the levs hurriedly

file: 1630-96099-0018.flac
expected: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_2: i tdo not undistand not more then a wort here an there
	layer_4: i do not andistand not more then a word heran there
	layer_6: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_8: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_10: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_12: i do not understand not more than a word here and there

file: 1630-96099-0019.flac
expected: it is no doubt italian
	layer_2: it is no dolt e talin
	layer_4: it is no doubt i talin
	layer_6: it is no doubty tallin
	layer_8: it is no doubt i talin
	layer_10: it is no doubt italian
	layer_12: it is no doubt italian

file: 1630-96099-0020.flac
expected: of course such a consummate ass as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_2: of go such a con simite asas youw have frud iyourself would not thingk of siching the res trond o he inmedid negh behod or of making anquiris as to vether he had beend seen or as to wriach were he had gon
	layer_4: of coe such a consimite as as you have prud yourself would not think of searching the restrownt or the immeded naighbourhot or of making inquie ies has to veather he had been seen or as you which weare he had gone
	layer_6: of core such a consimite as as you have pruede yourself would not think of searching the restront or the immedite neighborhood or of making inquiries as to weather he had been seen or as to which where he had gone
	layer_8: of course such a consummate as as you have proed yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making enquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to whichwere he had gone
	layer_10: of course such a consummate as as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_12: of course such a consummate as as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making enquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone

file: 1630-96099-0021.flac
expected: it was a note for a hundred lire a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs hah
	layer_2: itwas he not fortha hundred t liearrer a huntred frans and the rathtron bell ost new more than teminteene frans har
	layer_4: it was the not for ha hundred learer a hundred frangs and the rethtron billoas no more than teaminteen frangs ha
	layer_6: it was a note for a hundred lerer a hundred francs and the wresteron belwows no more than seventeene francs ha
	layer_8: it was a note for a hundred leror a hundred francs and the restaran billos no more than seventeene francs ha
	layer_10: it was a note for a hundred leiror a hundred francs and the restauran bill lost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_12: it was a note for a hundred leiror a hundred francs and the restaurant bill lost no more than seventeen francs ha

file: 1630-96099-0022.flac
expected: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_2: he wa s much gressd in a great huwrry
	layer_4: he was much grest in a great hurry
	layer_6: he was much bressed in a great hurry
	layer_8: he was much ressed in a great hurry
	layer_10: he was much ressed in a great hurry
	layer_12: he was much pressed in a great hurry

file: 1630-96099-0023.flac
expected: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was stopped the devil
	layer_2: diractly he cratsh the thrisheld he calie the firscat and wasdryn novy but he wus that the dever
	layer_4: directly he crashed the threshelt he called the first cap and was driming avay but he was toped the deaver
	layer_6: directly he crassed the thresheut he called the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the deaver
	layer_8: directly he crossed the threshot he called the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the dever
	layer_10: directly he crossped the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the devil
	layer_12: directly he crossped the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the devil

file: 1630-96099-0024.flac
expected: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_2: ki wished to par son to leave her she would not conthent then they bote gording to the cap and wedrieven o i togeter
	layer_4: kuwishe to parsson to leave her she would not consent then they both gardingto the cap and wi d reven of atogether
	layer_6: he wishe to pason to leave her she would not consent than they both guardinto the cap and wih riven of itogether
	layer_8: he wished to passon to leave her she would not consent then they both guard into the cab and which driven owayt together
	layer_10: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both guarde into the cab and whire driven away together
	layer_12: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both guarde into the cab and whire driven away together

file: 4572-64670-0000.flac
expected: but this thy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest threatening rama good and great ill thoughts thy journey stimulate
	layer_2: but distay hosed so whie dispret waks in my heart an doubd and drat lest trittining rarmar god and crat iltartsti jan his timl at
	layer_4: but dis di host so wie dispread wakes in my heart on doubt and read lest triat ening ramar good and grate ill tarts die jahn is timl ate
	layer_6: but dis di host so wite dispred wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest treatening rama good and greate ill tarts di johny's timole aite
	layer_8: but this di host so wide dis pred wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest treatening rama good and great ill tarts di johnny's timole aighte
	layer_10: but dis dyhost so wide dis pred wakes in my heart on doubt and dread lest treatening rama good and great ill tarts dye johnny's timl at
	layer_12: but dis dyhoste so wide dis pred wakes in my heart on doubt and dread lest treatening rama good and great ill tarts die johnny's timel at

file: 4572-64670-0001.flac
expected: he is my eldest brother he is like a father dear to me
	layer_2: he is my ellestprader he is leke faitathear to me
	layer_4: he is my eldest prader he is like a fdat ear to me
	layer_6: he is my eldest proder he is like a fider her to me
	layer_8: he is my eldest prader he is like a fader her to me
	layer_10: he is my eldest prader he is like a fadher hea to me
	layer_12: he is my eldest prader he is like a fadher heared to me

file: 4572-64670-0002.flac
expected: i go to lead my brother thence who makes the wood his residence
	layer_2: i co toleed my broad a dens ho makes o ord his recidens
	layer_4: i co to lead my braut adente who makes awad his recidencs
	layer_6: i go to lead my broad adence who makes theward his recedence
	layer_8: i go to lead my broad or dance who makes e wood his recidente
	layer_10: i go to lead my broad our dance who makes te wood his recidenc
	layer_12: i go to lead my broad aur dance who makes the wood his recidente

file: 4572-64670-0003.flac
expected: no thought but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim
	layer_2: no t ard but tdhis ti heard should frame thesimpldrod myl lepsproklame
	layer_4: no tard but this thi heard should fram the simpl drut my leeps brocklame
	layer_6: no tardt but this di hart should frame the simple truth my leap's broqlam
	layer_8: no thart but this dthy heart should frame this simple trut my liaps broclam
	layer_10: no tart but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim
	layer_12: no tart but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim

file: 4572-64670-0004.flac
expected: as guha thus and bharat each to other spoke in friendly speech the day god sank with glory dead and night o'er all the sky was spread
	layer_2: as goo ha dos and vrat ege to ades pok in prendlespegh the da got sankuait gloy dead and night of all des ky was prad
	layer_4: as go he des and vor it each to adhers poke in friendlyss pege the day gad sankuit gloy dead and night over all thiskygh was prad
	layer_6: as gu har dos and wort each to arders poke in friendless pice the day gad sank uith glory dead and night over all the sky was prad
	layer_8: as gohar does and worret each to arders spoke in friendless spege the day gad sank uith glory dead and night over all the sky was preaed
	layer_10: as guha doz and worret ech two adar spoke in friendless space the day god sank its glory dead and night over all the sky was preaed
	layer_12: as guhadaz and worrat ech two adar spoke in friendless space the day god sank its glory dead and night over all the sky was preayed

file: 4572-64670-0005.flac
expected: soon as king guha's thoughtful care had quartered all the army there well honoured bharat laid his head beside satrughna on a bed
	layer_2: son as king o has tat ful car had quaurt at all the armi dar well on at wor ot lae his head besit se trona on a bed
	layer_4: soon as ging o has tautful care had quartat all the armedar well honed woreout laied his head beside setrokna hon abed
	layer_6: soon as king o has taughtful care had quat at all the armidare well honoart wor iot laid his head beside sat rugna on a bed
	layer_8: soon as kin gohas thoughtful care had quougt at all the army dare well onored whore iut laid his head besides setrugna on a bed
	layer_10: soon as king goha's thoughtful care had quout at all the armi dare well honored wor it laid his head besides satrugna on a bed
	layer_12: soon as king goha's thoughtful care had quourt at all the army dare well honored wor it laid his head besides satrugna on a bed

file: 4572-64670-0006.flac
expected: thus sighing and distressed in misery and bitter grief with fevered heart that mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mourned and found no rest
	layer_2: the signg and dhis trest and missery and beat egreeve would fe would heart deat morkedrelive thistrectet in his mind the cher  ste mornd and found no rest
	layer_4: thers syghing and thistrest and misery and beat egrieve  uld fevwerd heart deadmorked relieve thistractlerd in his mind the cheef stillmond and found no resd
	layer_6: thars siging and tdistrest in misery and bet a grieve w it feverd heart dead morked relieve this stracted in his mind the chief still mouned and found no rest
	layer_8: thur sighing and distresed in misery and beat er greve wor it fevered heard dad morcked reliefe distracted in his mind the chief still mouned and found no rest
	layer_10: thur sighing and distresed in misery and beat er griefe o ith fevered heart dead mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mourned and found no rest
	layer_12: thur sighing and distressed in misery and beat er griefe ho with fevered heart dead morked relief distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest

file: 4572-64670-0007.flac
expected: rest duteous minded i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than raghu's son
	layer_2: hresd detyusmideit i ol kep my wach while rowmiyr lies esle for i the hol whide ad is non dearato me t and reggee son
	layer_4: rest detyus mind it i oll kep my watch while ramar lies asle for in the whole why e wald is none dear a to me thand raggo son
	layer_6: rest ditieusmind et i oll keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide walt is none dearer to mee than ragoson
	layer_8: rest diters mind it i all keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than rago's son
	layer_10: rest did yees mind it i all keep my watch while ramah lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragoo's son
	layer_12: rest did yesmind it i all keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragoo's son

file: 4572-64670-0008.flac
expected: harbour no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be thrown great store of merit shall i gain and duteous form no wish in vain
	layer_2: harba no doud o jelus fear i speak detut wrt ats in cer for fron ae gres woids he has shon well glowry on my na be tro greatesto o marria shall i gam and dutius for no wish in va
	layer_4: har be no dout or jealous fear i speak he trout wit hardsincer for from tha grace whihs he has shone ill glory on my name be tro great stor o marrit shall i gam and utius form nor wish in vay
	layer_6: har by no doubt or jealousfear i speak the trut with hart sincere for from the grece whichs he has showne wole glory on my name betro great stor or marit shall i gan and dudius form no wish in vai
	layer_8: harbyr no doubt or jealous feare i speak the trut with heard sincere for from the grace which he has shown wir th gloery on my name betrown great store of marit shall i gaim and dutious form no wish in vai
	layer_10: harby no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown wir the glory on my name betrown great store or marrige shall i gain and dutious form no wish in vain
	layer_12: harby no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown wirl the glory on my name betrown great store or marrige shall i gain and dutious form no wish in vain

file: 4572-64670-0009.flac
expected: let me enforced by many a row of followers armed with shaft and bow for well loved rama's weal provide who lies asleep by sita's side
	layer_2: tlhat me an poused by manyarol a forueus arbud shafet and be for well le brawmas we or prouide ho liz e slet by se tr sid
	layer_4: let me anfaused by manearo ar foluurs arblued shaft and bew for well of ramaswale proqvide wo lisesleep by set er side
	layer_6: let me unforsed by many ra ore foluwers arbled shaftaand bew for well of rama's wal propired who lize asleep by set or side
	layer_8: let me unforced by many ro our followers arbled shaft and bew for well of brama's wal propied who lies asleep by seater's side
	layer_10: let me unforced by many a row our followers armbled shaft and bow for welth of rama's whale propied who lies asleep by seater's side
	layer_12: let me unforced by many a row our followers armbled shaft and bew for welth of rama's whale propied who lies asleep by seater's side

file: 4572-64670-0010.flac
expected: with words like these i spoke designed to move the high souled bharat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his persuasive argument o how can slumber close mine eyes when lowly couched with sita lies the royal rama
	layer_2: wrth waldts likedes i s poke desid timolve to highsold voir ats mi d but he upon his dety bent plied his parseus of argaebant oh ho counslom but glos mygn is whele lowly coulded to id seet arlis de ril ramar
	layer_4: wit wals like tese i sppok designd tomoved te high sold vore et's miand but he uppon his deuty bendt plied his parsuus of argoment o howcoun't slum bur clows myghe eyes whene loly coug toitd seat our lies deiroyal rama
	layer_6: it walts like tease i sppoke designed te move he high sold borit's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his parsuusive agument oh how cant slumber clots mye eyes one lowly couc to at seet our lies deroyald rama
	layer_8: it walts like these i spoke designed to move the high sould worret's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his parsuasive argument oh how can slumber close miht eyes on lowly couch to its seatour lies de royal drama
	layer_10: it walts like these i spoke designed to move the highsouled vorrat's mind but he up on his duty bent plied his parsuesive argoment oh how cant slumber close mi eyes one lowly couch do its setile lies de royal drama
	layer_12: i walts like these i spoke designed to move the highshouled vorat's mind but he up on his duty bent plied his parsuessive argoment oh how cant slumber close mi eyes one lowly couch do its setile lies de royal drama

file: 4572-64670-0011.flac
expected: he whom no mighty demon no nor heavenly god can overthrow see guha how he lies alas with sita couched on gathered grass
	layer_2: he whome no my do teman now no have an ly gop gand ovetro se g her ho he lies alas would seter coulched on gatat crous
	layer_4: he hom no my de deman now no havenly gard gan overtro se go her how he lies alas would seater cowlghed on gaded cross
	layer_6: he whom no my dedeman know nor haveenly gard can overtro see guher how he lies alas would seter couched on garded crass
	layer_8: he whom no mightdedeman now nor havenly guard can overtrail see guhe how he lies allas wutd citar coulched on gardered cras
	layer_10: he whom no mighty daemon now nor heavenly guard can overtrail see guher how he lies allas wutd cita couched on gattered cras
	layer_12: he whom no mighty daemon now nor heavenly guard can overtrail see guher how he lies allas woutd citar coulched on gathered crass

file: 4572-64670-0012.flac
expected: now as his son is forced to fly the king ere long will surely die reft of his guardian hand forlorn in widowed grief this land will mourn
	layer_2: now as is sun his fase to fly the king aelong wi seoly tie rafet of his gudgan hound forla in o do gree dhis loundod mor
	layer_4: now as is son his false to fly the king allong wil syoly die raft of his gudgein hound forlawn ineder greef thislound will ma
	layer_6: now as his son his false to fly the king er long will se oly die reft of his gudge an hand forlon in udear grief this land will mo
	layer_8: now as his son is false to fly the king erlong will seorly die raft of his gudgan hand forlon inudiared grief this land will mau
	layer_10: now as his son is false to fly the king erlong wil cieorli die raft of his gudgean haund forlon in udiurt grief this land will mourn
	layer_12: now as his son is false to fly the king erlong will ciorli die raft of his gudgean hand forlon in udiurt grief this land will morn

file: 4572-64670-0013.flac
expected: but ah for sad kausalya how fare she and mine own mother now how fares the king
	layer_2: but ar wor setcosiin ya how fere she and my no myrderd now how faes o kin
	layer_4: but ah for set couciinlia how fere she and myne od myde now how fairs the king
	layer_6: but ah fa set cauchenlia how fair she and mine own mader now how fairs the king
	layer_8: but ah wos set conschelia how far she and mine own mader now how fais the king
	layer_10: but ah forsed cochenlia how fare she and mine own mater now how fai is the king
	layer_12: but ah forsed cochenlia haw fare she and mine own mader now how fai is the king

file: 4572-64670-0014.flac
expected: with hopes upon satrughna set my mother may survive as yet but the sad queen will die who bore the hero for her grief is sore
	layer_2: oy topes uppen setranes set my mader missurvi bas yet but the sat coenol di who bar to herr for hu griy is s
	layer_4: i topes upp an sed rokgnesset my mader miss rvibesyet but the sat cuanal di who bor te heror for hur gria is sa
	layer_6: it hopes upon set rugnaset my mader misar wibezyet but the said coenul die who boe de herer for her graf ys saw
	layer_8: it hopes up on satd rugna set my moter missor vi bes yet but the sait coinul die who bore dehere for her grief hes saw
	layer_10: it hopes uponsat rugna set my mother miss our vib as yet but the said cornoldi who bore de heara for her grief is saw
	layer_12: it hopes upnsat rugna set my mother miss our vibe as yet but the said cornol di who bore de heara for her grief is saw

file: 4572-64670-0015.flac
expected: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_2: to la ta king wil cry and conqed by his misery ti
	layer_4: to layte a king wil cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_6: to lat the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_8: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_10: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_12: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die

file: 4572-64670-0016.flac
expected: when fate has brought the mournful day which sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are they allowed his funeral rites to pay
	layer_2: when faite has broude damonful day wo uld seeze my fatdur passoway how happy in delives uday alout his fener a rigs to pay
	layer_4: when fat has broughd temonful day who d seze my father passaway how happy in telives ar day alowed his fener al rites to pay
	layer_6: when fat has brought e mounful day who had seeis my father pass away how happy in delives are day allowd his fineral writs to pay
	layer_8: when fate has brought the mounful day who had sees my father pass away how happy in ther lifes are day allowed his funeral writes to pay
	layer_10: when fate has brought te mournful day who had sees my father pass away how happy in their lifes are day allowed his funeral rits to pay
	layer_12: when fate has brought the mournful day who had sees my father pass away how happy in their lifes are day allowed his funeral rits to pay

file: 4572-64670-0017.flac
expected: thus bharat stood with many a sigh lamenting and the night went by
	layer_2: thoes horit stodwit manyousig l amenting and nig twent by
	layer_4: dhoes fhorit stoold wit manya si lamenting and  night twent by
	layer_6: does for it stooed with many asih lamenting and the nigh twent by
	layer_8: des the hor had stood with many asi lamenting and the night went by
	layer_10: dos the horad stood with mani assi lamenting and the night went by
	layer_12: des the horead stood with many assi lamenting and the night went by

file: 4572-64670-0018.flac
expected: when guha saw the long armed chief whose eye was like a lotus leaf with lion shoulders strong and fair high mettled prostrate in despair pale bitterly afflicted he reeled as in earthquake reels a tree
	layer_2: when goo her sot a long ab cheve ols ei was like lodoslevfe wort' lin shouwlder stong and far hi mattert prostrad in dispar pal betarlyeflictet he reeldes in artquak reals ittre
	layer_4: when go her sow t a long am chief ose ei was like a lodus lefe wat ling shoulders trong and fair high matterld prostrahd ing despair pal be tarly a flict ad hea realed as in atquakereels a tre
	layer_6: when go her sowd a long armchief whose eye was like a lodous leaf what lion shoulders strong and fair high matteledt prostraet in despair pale beturely afflicted he reeled as in artquake reaels etree
	layer_8: when guhar saudte long armchief whose eye was like a loders leavf wot lion' shoulders strong and fair high mattaled prostrate in despair pale be tarely afflicted he reeled as in artquake reels e tree
	layer_10: when gugha saw the long arm chief whose eye was like a lotous leaf wot lion's shoulders strong and fair high mattelled prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as in artquake reels a tree
	layer_12: when gughar saw the long armdchief whose eye was like a lotous leaf t lion's shoulders strong and fair high mattelked prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as in artquake reels a tree

file: 4572-64670-0019.flac
expected: kausalya by her woe oppressed the senseless bharat's limbs caressed as a fond cow in love and fear caresses oft her youngling dear then yielding to her woe she said weeping and sore disquieted what torments o my son are these of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_2: caocialllia by how wore or prest the senslas borits lienscarest as ifon cow in llov en fear caras as olf t younglingder denelding to hewar she seit oieping and sor disquited what tamens o my son ordese offsudtan pan alswifed do sease
	layer_4: caucillia by how war oppressed the senseless biretslynse caresd as i fon cowt in alove an fear carras is olf tir youngling dear denielding to har a she said oeping and saw disquiteit what tarmens or my son ardees of sudden pain ar swifet deseas
	layer_6: coucilia by how wore oppressed the senseless boritslins carissed as a fon cow in  loveand fear carises off te r youngling dea deny olding to har war she said weeping and saw disquie id what tormant s o my son aurdes off sudden paign are swift disease
	layer_8: conchelia by hew war oppressed the senseless borozlins caressed as a fon cow in lov and fear caresses oft her youngling dear dennyelding to hawa she said weeping and sore disquieed what tomansaw my son ar dese off sudden pain oure swift disease
	layer_10: corchelia by her war oppressed the senseless buroslins caressed as a fon cow in love and fear carelesses oft her yaungling dear dennielding to havwar she said weeping and sore disquieed what torman saw my son are dese af sudden pain our swift disease
	layer_12: corchelia by her war oppressed the senseless veroslins careessed as a fon cow in love and fear carelesses oft her yangling dear dennielding to havwar she said weeping and sore disquieed what tarman saw my son are dese aff sudden pain our swift disease

file: 4572-64670-0020.flac
expected: the lives of us and all the line depend dear child on only thine
	layer_2: te lifes of us and all de line the pan de chid an only din
	layer_4: telifes of urs and all teline the pan dteir child on only dine
	layer_6: the lifes of us and all the line they pan their child on only dine
	layer_8: the lifes of us and all the line they pan thear child on only dyng
	layer_10: the lives of us and all the line they pan dear child on only dying
	layer_12: the lives of us and all the line they pan dear child on only dying

file: 4572-64670-0021.flac
expected: rama and lakshman forced to flee i live by naught but seeing thee for as the king has past away thou art my only help to day
	layer_2: rar my lucmen fars to fle i le by not but seen de for as te king has passd ha wa to aurht my aly heoulp to day
	layer_4: ramy luxthman force to fle i lea by not but seen de for as the king has past away til augt my aly help to day
	layer_6: ra my luxman force to flee i leav by not but seen thee for as the king has passed away toll art my only help to day
	layer_8: ramy lucshman force to flee i leave by naugt but seeing thee for as the king has passed away toul art my only help to day
	layer_10: rauma lukshman force to flee i lead by naught but seeing thee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day
	layer_12: rama lukshman force to flee i lead by naught but seeing thee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day

file: 4572-64670-0022.flac
expected: show me the couch whereon he lay tell me the food he ate i pray
	layer_2: showmet cawls where arm hlay tell men a fodt e eight i pray
	layer_4: show meta cowls wher arm he lay tell me tafold he eit i pray
	layer_6: show me te cows where arm he lay tell me toford he ate i pray
	layer_8: show me the cows where am he lay tell me the fordhe ate i pray
	layer_10: show me the cows where arm he lay tell me the fold he ate i pray
	layer_12: show me the cows where arm he lay tell me the fold he ate i pray

file: 4572-64670-0023.flac
expected: then calm and still absorbed in thought he drank the water lakshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spouse
	layer_2: thend carmmin s teal af jarled in tart he drancgt e water lucxmand braut and den a be dient to his vows he fested it his entle spows
	layer_4: then calmons theel efjarled in tart he dranged e water luxtman brout and ten obedient to his vows he feset ed with his zentle spowrs
	layer_6: then calmmons teel ebjorved in tart he dranked he water luxmen brought and then obedient to his vows he fastit with his zentlespowers
	layer_8: then calmen's theel abjored in tart he dranke the water luchman brought and then obedient to his vows he fast it with his zentale spowrs
	layer_10: then carmen's teel abjored in tort he drank the water luckshman brought and then obedient to his vows he facet et with his gentle spouhs
	layer_12: then carmen's teel abjorled in tart he drank the water luckchman brought and then obedient to his vows he feced et with his gentle spouhs

file: 4572-64670-0024.flac
expected: here stands the tree which lent them shade here is the grass beneath it laid where rama and his consort spent the night together ere they went
	layer_2: ye estanse ta tree whildh s lamed dem shad he ers dtegruss been it it lat wherera by and his consot spent de night to gader ar a went
	layer_4: he astandsed the tree whihs laned hem shade he ae is dhegcrows ben it it lade where rama and his consod spent tenight to geatdter ad ewent
	layer_6: he astands ha tree whih slen them shade he re is the gcross venet it laid where rama and his consot spent the night to gether ad the went
	layer_8: he astands ta tree woih slamdem shade here is the grass venet it laid where rama and his consolt spent to night together are they went
	layer_10: here stands a tree which slamtam shade here is the grass bennet it laid where rama and his consolts spent the night together ere they went
	layer_12: here stands a tree which slamtam shade here is the grass benet it laid where rama and his consalts spent the night together ere they went

file: 4572-112383-0000.flac
expected: he ceased
	layer_2: his sesed
	layer_4: he sezed
	layer_6: he seized
	layer_8: he sezed
	layer_10: he seized
	layer_12: he seized

file: 4572-112383-0001.flac
expected: where where is sita
	layer_2: whe ways seter
	layer_4: wher ways seter
	layer_6: where wi ceter
	layer_8: where waicita
	layer_10: were wai cita
	layer_12: were wai cita

file: 4572-112383-0002.flac
expected: scorched by the fiery god of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_2: scogedo vy tha firy got of day hi onthis mito hel i lay
	layer_4: scogedo by the firy got of tay hih on this myh to hill i lay
	layer_6: scolghed by the fiery gard of day high on this mi to hill i lay
	layer_8: scolched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_10: scorched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_12: scorched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay

file: 4572-112383-0003.flac
expected: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewed
	layer_2: ech malnaneve he brapt me food and fille rl cre my liferned
	layer_4: ech mon an eave he braugt me food and filial care my life rinead
	layer_6: ech morn and eath he brought me food and fphilial care my life renealed
	layer_8: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renealed
	layer_10: each morn an eve he brought me food and filial care my life renealed
	layer_12: each morn an eve he brought me food and filial care my life renealed

file: 4572-112383-0004.flac
expected: swift to the south his course he bent and cleft the yielding element
	layer_2: sweved to desout his calls he bent and clefdd a yielding alimend
	layer_4: swefed to the sit his calls he bent and clefd tha ielding alemend
	layer_6: swefed to dhessult his cauls he bent and cleft the yielding alement
	layer_8: swevet to dessult his calse he bent and cleft their yielding element
	layer_10: swefet to de salt his cals he bent and cleft their yielding element
	layer_12: sweft to dhessalt his calse he bent and cleft their yielding element

file: 4572-112383-0005.flac
expected: the holy spirits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bright legions met o say is sita living yet
	layer_2: the wholys paerit sof t ar came row me as i marvol dar and crid as debrid legian s mat o say is seto leving yet
	layer_4: the hole is perits of te air came rouwn me as i marvel ar and cried as terbright legiancs meat osay is set iur leaving yet
	layer_6: the holest perots of the air came roud me as i marvalder and cried as their bright ligians met i say is seat our leaving yet
	layer_8: the holest perrots of the air came round me as i marvol dhere and cried as their bright legians met o say is cetare leaving yet
	layer_10: the holiest perrots of the air came round me as i marveal there and cried as their brighdt legianse met osay is cetar leaving yet
	layer_12: the holiest perrots of the air came round me as i marveal there and cried as their brigdt legianse met osay is cetar leaving yet

file: 4572-112383-0006.flac
expected: thus cried the saints and told the name of him who held the struggling dame
	layer_2: does cried o sains and teld to name ar fim who holed de strugling dame
	layer_4: thoese cried the sains and tel te name or im who hold the struggling dam
	layer_6: toes cried the sains and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_8: dosz cri the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_10: doz cry the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_12: doz cry the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame

file: 4572-112383-0007.flac
expected: then from the flood sampati paid due offerings to his brother's shade
	layer_2: ten front o flat somepartipad dio offerings to his brader shad
	layer_4: ten front o flud some partipaid do offerings to his broude's shade
	layer_6: then front a flood some partipaid de offerings to his broaders shade
	layer_8: then francta flood some party paide due offerings to his broawder's shade
	layer_10: ten franto flood some party pade due offerings to his broader's shade
	layer_12: ten franto flood some party paide due offerings to his broader's shade

file: 4572-112383-0008.flac
expected: seven nights in deadly swoon i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_2: seven nigds indadly swrm i paursed but's trongling lieveretan atlsed
	layer_4: seven knights in dadlysam i pars but strongling life retan at lased
	layer_6: seven nights in dadly sorn i pased but struggling life returned at lased
	layer_8: seven nights in deadly sorn i pased but struggling life returned at last
	layer_10: seven nights in deadly sorn i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_12: seven nights in deadly sorn i passed but struggling life returned at last

file: 4572-112383-0009.flac
expected: around i bent my wondering view but every spot was strange and new
	layer_2: ia rouned i bant my wonduring ve but iv ryspaurt was tran geen kne
	layer_4: iround i bent my wondering ve but iv respart was trange and knear
	layer_6: around i bant my wandering wel but ive ryspart was strange and near
	layer_8: around i bent my wandering wel but every sport was strange and near
	layer_10: around i bent my wandering vheel but every spot was strange and near
	layer_12: around i bent my wandering vheel but every spot was strange and near

file: 4572-112381-0000.flac
expected: on comrades to the cave i cried and all within the portal hied
	layer_2: on combrets toode cav i cried and alldin thepotl higd
	layer_4: on combrets to the cave i cried and aldin the potal hid
	layer_6: on comrates to the cave i cried and allueden the portl hid
	layer_8: on comrades to the cave i cried and orludin the portal hide
	layer_10: on comrades to the cave i cried and orludin the portal hyde
	layer_12: on comrades to the cave i cried and orludin the portal hyde

file: 4572-112381-0001.flac
expected: here thou with hospitable care hast fed us with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this thy plentiful supply
	layer_2: he ado wilth ospitable c hasd fatders oat de no blesst fr preservinges aboud to dy wrt dis ti plan tiful suply
	layer_4: he adar wit hospitable car hast fedders wit dhi no blest far preserving us abod to dy wit t is tiplamtiful supply
	layer_6: he adae with hospitable care hast feaders with the nobleset fair preserving us about to di with is diplantiful supply
	layer_8: he adare with hospitable care has featurs with the noblest fare preserving us about to di which t is diplantiful supply
	layer_10: hee a dare with hospitable care hast featers with the noblest fare preserving us about to di which tis diplantiful supply
	layer_12: he a dare with hospitable care hast featers with the noblest fare preserving us about to di which tis diplantiful supply

file: 4572-112381-0002.flac
expected: but how o pious lady say may we thy gracious boon repay
	layer_2: but how ir piuslady say maye wed thi graciyus boon repa
	layer_4: but how orl pious lady say may we thy gracius boon repay
	layer_6: but how pious lady say may we thy gracius boon repay
	layer_8: but how 'l pious lady say may we digracius boon repaiy
	layer_10: but how l pious lady say may we digracius boon repay
	layer_12: but how  pious lady say may we digracius boon repay

file: 4572-112381-0003.flac
expected: he ceased the ascetic dame replied well vanars am i satisfied
	layer_2: he sesed tho asitec day ereplied rell boners a i sadis fiet
	layer_4: he seized the esitic da ereplied rellboners amy sadas fiet
	layer_6: he seized the asitic dame replied ralbanes am i satisfi ed
	layer_8: he seized the asotic dame replied ralbanes am i satisfied
	layer_10: he ceised the astic dame replied ralbanas am i satisfied
	layer_12: he ceased the asotic dame replied ralbanes am i satisfied

file: 4572-112381-0004.flac
expected: a life of holy works i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_2: i life of oliny waks i led and frobyour hand s no selvis net
	layer_4: ilife of oly walks i leavd and froyour hands no self ise need
	layer_6: a life of holy walks i leaved and from your hands no selvice need
	layer_8: i life of holy walks i leaved and from your hands no selvice need
	layer_10: i life of holy walks i leavd and from your hands no selvisht need
	layer_12: i life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no selvisht need

file: 4572-112381-0005.flac
expected: then spake again the vanar chief we came to thee and found relief
	layer_2: dhenspick agan dabonar chive we came to te and foudrelieve
	layer_4: dence pick agaimd abona chieve we came to te and foud relieve
	layer_6: dencepick again ubon a chief we came to de and found relief
	layer_8: den picke again ubon a chief we came to d and found relief
	layer_10: den spik again de bonachief we came to d and found relief
	layer_12: den spick again de bonachief we came to d and found relief

file: 4572-112381-0006.flac
expected: now listen to a new distress and aid us holy votaress
	layer_2: now lesst in toed nal distras and aiders wholly voteres
	layer_4: now lissten to nee distress and aders wholy wateres
	layer_6: now listene to a new distress and aiders holly woteres
	layer_8: now listened to a new distress and ades holy woteress
	layer_10: now listened to her new distress and ades holy voteress
	layer_12: now listened to her new distress and ades holy voteress

file: 4572-112381-0007.flac
expected: our wanderings in this vasty cave exhaust the time sugriva gave
	layer_2: o ar rendering s in is vasto cave exalse a time sugry u gave
	layer_4: ouar renderings in hisvasti cave exalsd a time segrevagave
	layer_6: our renderings in disvasty cave exaust a time segreva gave
	layer_8: our renderings in dis vasty cave exhaust a time sagriva gave
	layer_10: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a time sagriva gave
	layer_12: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a time sagriva gave

file: 4572-112381-0008.flac
expected: once more then lady grant release and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon their errand sped for king sugriva's ire we dread
	layer_2: once mballden lady dgrandraleas and let i suplianscol inpes a cawn upon ter eran s pead folking sigre v oas ir we drat
	layer_4: once mallden lady grand relese and let ti supplian sko in pease agawn upon ther erans ped falking segrevas ire we dread
	layer_6: once malden lady grand reles and let thy suppliansgo in pease again upon ther arran's ped folking segre vasire we dreaed
	layer_8: once molden lady grant reliese and let thy supplians go in peace again upon the errand's bed folking segrin vasire we dread
	layer_10: once malden lady grant relieves and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon the errandt's bed falking sagrin vasirahe we dread
	layer_12: once malden lady grant relieves and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon the errandt's bed falking sagrin vasyah we dread

file: 4572-112381-0009.flac
expected: and the great task our sovereign set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_2: and e great tiusk olaso ren set alows is ina complishediart
	layer_4: and a great tosk oasol ren set ellos is u  accompleshed yed
	layer_6: and a great task aa solrineset aluce is in accomplished yed
	layer_8: and a great task ou r salrene set alocs is unaccomplished yet
	layer_10: and a great task our solverineset alos is unaccomplished yet
	layer_12: and a great task our salrineset ales is unaccomplished yet

file: 4572-112381-0010.flac
expected: and heard his waters roar and rave terrific with each crested wave
	layer_2: and holid his watersro and rave teri ficutach crasst at wayve
	layer_4: and howd his waters rar and rave terrificq wult ach crased at wave
	layer_6: and howered his waters rawr and rave terriphic would each crest at wave
	layer_8: and howred his waters roar and rave terrifick would each crest at wave
	layer_10: and howred his waters roar and rave terifick would each crest at wave
	layer_12: and howred his waters roar and rave terifick would each crest at wave

file: 4572-112381-0011.flac
expected: the month is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_2: damant is lost in til andpan and now my frins what hopes ri maind
	layer_4: temont is last in toil und pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_6: demantis lost entoil and pain and now my friends what hopes remaine
	layer_8: demantis lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_10: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_12: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain

file: 4572-112381-0012.flac
expected: your hearts with strong affection fraught his weal in every labour sought and the true valour of your band was blazoned wide in every land
	layer_2: your holds wit strong afection frout he his wel in avevrelabu salt and the true vellor of our band was blezantdwid ein adry land
	layer_4: your hords with strong affection frat he his whel in everylabur sougt and the true vellar of your band was bleasant wirde in advery land
	layer_6: your horts with strong affection fraut he is will in every labours sougt and the true vellor of your band was bleasant wide in every land
	layer_8: your horts with strong affection froughd he as will in every labors sought and the true velor of your band was pleasant wide in every land
	layer_10: your hearts with strong affection fraught heas will in every labour sought and the true valor of your band was pleasant wide in every land
	layer_12: your hearts with strong affection fraught heas will in every labour sought and the true valor of your band was pleasant wide in every land

file: 4572-112381-0013.flac
expected: come let us all from food abstain and perish thus since hope is vain
	layer_2: comelet ars all from fuod epstain and parish tos since hop is van
	layer_4: come lettus all from foud ebstan and parish dtoes since hope is vain
	layer_6: come let us all from food ebstain and parish dos since hope is vain
	layer_8: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain
	layer_10: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain
	layer_12: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain

file: 4572-112381-0014.flac
expected: far better thus to end our lives and leave our wealth our homes and wives leave our dear little ones and all than by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_2: fabater dors to and o alives an leve oulreuld ar homes and wiees laeve ou adea litend ons and al den by his veaghfull hand to fol
	layer_4: far batter ders to and o alives an leave alr relt oure homes and wives lave ora dea littel ons an al den by his vangeful hand to fal
	layer_6: far batter dues to end ourar lives and leave aure reld our homes and wives lave our a dear little ons and all den by his vangeful hand to fall
	layer_8: far better does to end our lives and leave our welt our homes and wives lave our dear little ons and all demn by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_10: far better does to end our lives and leave our welt our homes and wives lave our dear little ones and all dean by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_12: far better does to end our lives and leave our welt our homes and wives lave our dear little ones and all dean by his vengeful hand to fall

file: 4572-112381-0015.flac
expected: our forfeit lives will surely pay for idle search and long delay and our fierce king will bid us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_2: of ar forfet lives in shaly pa for idonsoch an longed te la and tob a feores king will bed es ty the faveer of his frend toby
	layer_4: ovf a forpit lifes in sarly pay for ido soach and long telay and tho a fers king will beat es dy the favor of his friend to by
	layer_6: a a forfit lives in sarely pay for idol search and long delay and thar erfeare's king will bet es die the favor of his friend to by
	layer_8: o a forfit lives in shurely pay for idl search and long delay and tho arfirs king will beat as die the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_10: oar forfeid lives in surely pay for idle search and long delay and the varfirs king will beat us die the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_12: of ar forfeid lives ince surely pay for idle search and long delay and the varfirs king will beat us die the favour of his friend to buy

file: 4572-112381-0016.flac
expected: then tara softly spake to cheer the vanars hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavern dwell
	layer_2: then tor soflespake to cher the bon er's holt su pressed by her this parn no morre yoe doults dispel commin thisampulecaen dolw
	layer_4: then tarar sofless pake to cher the boner's hots o pressed by hea this pae no more your doubt dispell come in this ample cavon dell
	layer_6: then tata softlesspake to cheer the borner's horts orppressed by fer this pair no more your doubts dispell come in this ample cavon dwell
	layer_8: ten tara softly spake to cheer the borner's horts oppressed by fer dis pair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavorn dwell
	layer_10: dhen tara softly s pake to cheer the barner's hoarts oppressed by fer dispayr no more your doubts dispel come in this ample caborn dwell
	layer_12: dhen tara softly spake to cheer the barner's hearts oppressed by fer dispayr no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabern dwell

file: 4572-112381-0017.flac
expected: thou fondly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_2: tou fonly hoperst in discavee the vangian sofe the fo to bra
	layer_4: thou founly hopest in discave the vangence of the fo to brate
	layer_6: thou founly hopeset in discave the vangeance of the fo to brave
	layer_8: thou foundly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_10: thou foundly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_12: thou foundly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe too brave

file: 4572-112381-0018.flac
expected: but lakshman's arm a shower will send of deadly shafts those walls to rend
	layer_2: but luchments arm as shal  awwilh send of thadlhe shatstolls wrals to rend
	layer_4: but luxtments arm i shar a wil send of tadly shaft tills walls to rend
	layer_6: but luxtment's arm i sha ar will sent ofdadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_8: but lukmen's arm i sha ar will send of deadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_10: but lucxshmen's arm is shawer will send of deadly shaft stals walls to rend
	layer_12: but luckhmen's arm is shawar will send of deadly shaft steals walls to rend

file: 4572-112381-0019.flac
expected: thy loving kinsman true and wise looks on thee still with favouring eyes
	layer_2: dy loveing cansman tre wrunewies noks oneteus tal i fabering yes
	layer_4: thi loveing kinstmen true ren wise no eks onetese tal it faburing eyes
	layer_6: dy love in kenstmen true runwise lorxs on tase tail with favouring eyes
	layer_8: dhy loveing kentman true runwise lorks on deas tal with favoring eyes
	layer_10: dhy loving kenszsman true runwise loarks on te's tale with favoring eyes
	layer_12: thy loving kentzman true runwise lorks on de's tale with favoring eyes

file: 4572-112375-0000.flac
expected: he heard the prince's furious tread he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_2: he halld a prices feryus trat hes soul his eyes low feorsly reat
	layer_4: he hold a prices ferious tracd hi saul his eyes glow fearsly red
	layer_6: he halld to princess furious tract he sauwl his eyes glow fersly wreed
	layer_8: he haled the princess furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely recked
	layer_10: he halled e prince's furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely recked
	layer_12: he halled a princes's furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely recked

file: 4572-112375-0001.flac
expected: swift sprang the monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden seat
	layer_2: sts pran damolerd to his fet abstarding fro is golded seat
	layer_4: serftis prang dhamownard to his fed obstarding from his goldend sed
	layer_6: serftst prang da monorg to his fed obstarting from his golden seed
	layer_8: serfe pring de monarc to his feet obstarting from his golden seed
	layer_10: served spring demonarch to his feet obstarting from his golden seed
	layer_12: serfed  spring demonarch to his feet obstarting from his golden seed

file: 4572-112375-0002.flac
expected: ungrateful vanar king art thou and faithless to thy plighted vow
	layer_2: an great ful bon oar king o do and fatles to di pliet advo
	layer_4: on greatfull boner king o do and fateless to die plie advo
	layer_6: un grateful boner king a dou and fateless to diepplied advow
	layer_8: ungrateful bonner king art thou and fateless to die plihded vow
	layer_10: ungrateful bonner king art thou and fateless to die plighted vow
	layer_12: ungrateful bonner king art thou and fateless to die plighted vow

file: 4572-112375-0003.flac
expected: now if thy pride disown what he high thoughted prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and bali meet in yama's hall
	layer_2: thow if t i priede deszon what he hig talt a prin s ays ton forte struck by his airrows shal dor fole and baly med in lmas hol
	layer_4: tou if i prid deszon what he high talt ed prince as don for de struckd by his arrows shal dour falle and baly meat inars halle
	layer_6: now if i pride thi szone what he ih taldted prince has done for the struk by his arrows shalt do fall and barly meat inyamas hall
	layer_8: now if ti pride the zone what he high taulted prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt dou fall and barley met in yamah's hall
	layer_10: now if thy pride the zone wat he high taltered prince has done for the struck by his arrows shalt tou fall and baley mead in yomar's hall
	layer_12: now if thy pride the zone wat he high taltered prince has done for the struck by his arrows shalt tou fall and barley mead in yamar's hall

file: 4572-112375-0004.flac
expected: still open to the gloomy god lies the sad path thy brother trod
	layer_2: still opin to dhe gliow me got lized a sant pat i bradt a trad
	layer_4: still oppen to the glowme god lised a sant pat ti brodta trad
	layer_6: still open to the glomy god lies ta sand pa t di broud a trod
	layer_8: still opun to the gloomy god lies the sand pant dibroada trod
	layer_10: still open to the gloomy god lies the sand pat dibroada trod
	layer_12: still open to the gloomy god lies the sand pat dibroda trod

file: 4572-112375-0005.flac
expected: then to thy plighted word be true nor let thy steps that path pursue
	layer_2: then todia pidhed waldto be tre no let ti stepstet pout posu
	layer_4: then to diplied en wa to be true no let tistepste pout porsu
	layer_6: then to diappye ten wad be true no let thy steps te pout pursou
	layer_8: then to dieapye then world be true nor let thy steps de pout pursou
	layer_10: then to dhipli thenworld be true nor let thy steps tep pout pursu
	layer_12: then to dieply theneworld be true nor let thy steps tep pout pursu

file: 4572-112375-0006.flac
expected: he ceased and tara starry eyed thus to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so fraught with bitterness not thus reproached my lord should be and least of all o prince by thee
	layer_2: he seased an tor a s tary id toes to tho en reprins oreplid noto my klord should' do a tres  s pech  so frowt ort bete nese not does epproached  my lnold shld ba an list of all o prin s pite
	layer_4: he seized and taras tarry eyed toes to the anryprinse replied not to my lord should dou at tress es peg so froudt o  t be tenesse not does repproached my lord should ba and list of all oprince by de
	layer_6: he seized and tarras tary eyed tos to the anre prince replied not to my lord should thou attress as pege so fraut  i t beaeteness not does reproachedt my lord should be un list of all ou prince by thee
	layer_8: he ceased antara starry eyed does to the angry prince replied not to my lord should thou atdress a spech so frould ort beateness not does reproach my lord should be andlist of all our prince by thee
	layer_10: he ceased and tara starry eyed tos to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so froud  it beaternness not dos reproach to my lord should be and list of all our prince by thee
	layer_12: he ceased and tara starry eyed dos to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so frould  ith beaternness not dos reproach to my lord should be and list of all our prince by thee

file: 4572-112375-0007.flac
expected: from paths of truth he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways
	layer_2: fromparts aftre hin nees tras no vanters in fo bet and ways
	layer_4: from parts oft ru hi nevurs tras nol wunders in fall bed and ways
	layer_6: from parts aftrue he never's tras nor wenders in farbedand ways
	layer_8: from parts af true he never's trays nor wonders in forbiden ways
	layer_10: from parts of true he nevers trays nor wonders in forbidden ways
	layer_12: from parts of true he never's trays nor wonders in forbidden ways

file: 4572-112375-0008.flac
expected: ne'er will sugriva's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_2: theveo si ryvos heart foket by rabmu saved te lasting dept
	layer_4: nerveou  sigrivas heart foget by ramar saved the lasting dept
	layer_6: nevr l sigrivo's heart forget by rama saved the lasting deptd
	layer_8: never wald singrivo's heart forget by rama saved the lasting dept
	layer_10: never will singrivo's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_12: never will singrivo's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt

file: 4572-112375-0009.flac
expected: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire o'er the vanar race from ceaseless dread and toil set free restored to ruma and to me by grief and care and exile tried new to the bliss so long denied like visvamitra once alas he marks not how the seasons pass
	layer_2: resto te fa by ratmas gras to apir ovrt habono ras from seinzeles dred and thil sat free restoll te rumer and to me by grefend car and exile trid nhel tot a bis so logdid nit like ve sho i t o ons alos he marked ot how he sensancs pas
	layer_4: restoped tho fame by ramaurs grase to empire over dthe bone rase from senseless dread and toil sat free restoled to roomer and to me by greefhand care and exile trid neel to the liss so long te night like vhi shol mitro ons alowus he marks not how the scens in's powse
	layer_6: restoe tho fame by rama's gras to empire over the barner rays from senseless dread and toils sat free restoled te rumour and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneeal to the bliss so long denight like vicihamit ro wans allows he marks not how the sensan's powes
	layer_8: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire over the barner rays from senseless dread and toil set free restored to rumour und to me by grief and care and exile tried neel to the bliss so long denight like vi shamitro wans alows he marks not how the sens ins powers
	layer_10: restored to fame by rahmah's gras to empire over the barner rays from seanseless dread and toil set free restored to rumor and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denied like visha mitro want's allaws he marks not how the scens in's pawers
	layer_12: restored to fame by rahmah's gravs to empire over the barner rays from sceanseless dread and toil set free restored to rumor and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denied like visha mitro wants allas he marks not how the sceans in's pawers

file: 4572-112375-0010.flac
expected: the matrons of the vanar race see marks of fury in thy face they see thine eyes like blood are red and will not yet be comforted
	layer_2: the mation sub t a vanarase saemoks of fery in div fas tay see din eyese like blod aread an wie d ot yet be com fourtert
	layer_4: the matron subd he vanarase samargs of feory in div fas they se dine eyes like blood a read and will not yet becomforted
	layer_6: the matrone of the vanarayse samargus of feory in die pase they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet becomforted
	layer_8: the mattrons of the vana rays saymarkus of theory in dive phas they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet be comforted
	layer_10: the mattrons of the vana rays samarcs of theory in dive phas they see dyne eyes like blood are red and will not yet becomforted
	layer_12: the mattrons of the vana rays saymarcs of theory in dive phas they see dyn eyes like blood are red and will not yet becomeforted

file: 4572-112375-0011.flac
expected: she ceased and lakshman gave assent won by her gentle argument
	layer_2: che sesed and luchmen gave a sent on by har joundl rgomentd
	layer_4: she sezed and luxman gave assent on by har jountle argament
	layer_6: she seized a luxtman gave ascent one by her jontl arguament
	layer_8: she seized a luxkhman gave a cent one by her jeuntle arguament
	layer_10: she seized a luxurman gave assent one by her gental argument
	layer_12: she seized a luxurman gave assent one by her gental argument

file: 4572-112375-0012.flac
expected: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_2: so toros peding just andmild his sofftenin at ad reconsileb
	layer_4: so toro s pleding just and mild h his softening hagt had reconsiled
	layer_6: so tarar's pleading just and mild his sotening heat had reconsiled
	layer_8: sotara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_10: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_12: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled

file: 4572-112375-0013.flac
expected: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_2: the hereo side i will not leyoue but he the canquest shall a che you
	layer_4: the hero side i will not leve but he the conquest shall a cheve
	layer_6: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_8: the hero's sihde i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_10: the heroes sihded i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_12: the heroe's sigde i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve

file: 4572-112375-0014.flac
expected: so strong art thou so brave and bold so pure in thought so humble souled that thou deservest well to reign and all a monarch's bliss to gain
	layer_2: so strang a do so bravan beld so perein tollt so hubo sold the dou desevest wellto ran and all ley monere s pis to gan
	layer_4: so strong o dou so brave and beld so pre in talt so humble sold the doug deserverstwell to rain and all ley monero's plis to gain
	layer_6: so strong ar dol so brave and belled so pre in talt so humble sold tha thou deservust well to rain and all te mornrt spiss to gain
	layer_8: so strong or do so brave and beld so pure intaugt so humbled sold that thou deserves dwell to reign and all e monral's pliss to gain
	layer_10: so strong art dye so brave and belld so pure intault so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all le monach's bliss to gain
	layer_12: so strong art tye so brave and belled so pure intault so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all ley monrach's bliss to gain

file: 4572-112375-0015.flac
expected: lend thou my brother aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_2: tlhan dol my broade aed an ol heis fose ben it his om wal fol
	layer_4: lantil by broade aid and al he is fose been it his om wil fol
	layer_6: lantow by broder aid and all heis foes benet his arm will fall
	layer_8: lentar by brother aid and all his foes benit his arm will fall
	layer_10: lentau by brotder aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_12: lentau by brodher aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall

file: 6599-38590-0000.flac
expected: whatever hand it was that shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_2: whatever hand at was the chot down birben rom after his dafth was plundered devestated and rabaged by rulol greedy lessencious and fanatical sulcier
	layer_4: whatever hand it was the chot down burban rom after his deatfh was plundered devistated and rabbaged by brudl greety lescentious and phanatical soltier
	layer_6: whatever hand it was the chot down burban rome after his death was plundered devastated and rabvaged by a brutal greety lecentious and fanatical soldiury
	layer_8: whatever hand it was the chot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_10: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_12: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastted and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery

file: 6599-38590-0001.flac
expected: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_2: wherefor for the future rides nothing it all but apointus the time and place of meeting and l will bring our sord for yu to cros protesting that the shame of any delay in fihting shall be yrs seing that ene itccomes to an an counter there aisan end of all righting
	layer_4: wherefore for the future rit us nothing at all but a point us the time and place of meeding and wl will bring our sord for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when itccomes to an encounter there isan end of all riting
	layer_6: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time in place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_8: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_10: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_12: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing

file: 6599-38590-0002.flac
expected: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_2: sir andswered tdhe spanured fromit meto do my offace and say what the emperhas targd me to say
	layer_4: sir answered the spanued permit me to do my office and say what the emperhis charge me to say
	layer_6: sir answered the spanard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_8: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_10: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_12: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say

file: 6599-38590-0003.flac
expected: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent signed by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_2: nay i will not listen do the said fer ences if thou d on first give me apatnsine by thi master contaning in aplint ment of time and place sir i have orders to re eu thet cartell and give it you afterwards
	layer_4: nay i will not listene to the said frencis if thou do no first give me a patent sign by thy master containing in appointment of time and place sir i have orders to re you that cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_6: may i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you tha cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_8: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_10: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cortel and give it you afterwards
	layer_12: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cortel and give it you afterwards

file: 6599-38590-0004.flac
expected: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_2: purginty thele being put out begamn again sir
	layer_4: burgandy sout being put out begam again sir
	layer_6: bergandy thouht being put out begamn again sir
	layer_8: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_10: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_12: burgundy without being put out began again sir

file: 6599-38590-0005.flac
expected: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_2: nay said foraences i will not suffer him tospeak to me before his given me uppointementotimemin place
	layer_4: may said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before h is given me appointment o timon lace
	layer_6: may said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before h is given me appointment of time ind' place
	layer_8: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of timond place
	layer_10: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_12: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place

file: 6599-38590-0006.flac
expected: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_2: givit me or return as thou ast come
	layer_4: give it me or return as thoug ast come
	layer_6: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_8: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_10: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_12: give it me or return as thou hast come

file: 6599-38590-0007.flac
expected: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_2: i amquite willingg said theking let him hat it
	layer_4: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_6: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_8: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_10: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_12: i am quite willing said the king let him have it

file: 6599-38590-0008.flac
expected: the peace of cambrai was called the ladies peace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessities and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_2: the pece of cambriy wast called the ladiyes piece in unnoer of the two princesses who had gochiaated it the moraly different an a very anyqual worth they both hadmins of a rar order and traine to recognize politiclf thecessitdiots and not to attempt any but possibale suxcesseis
	layer_4: the piece of cambri was called the ladies piece in hunour of the two princesses who had gosiated it the morally different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rar order and trained to recognized politlical nhe cessitues and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_6: the piece of cambra was called the ladies piece in honor of the two princesses who hadgotiated it the morally different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognized political necessitutes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_8: the piece of cambray was called the ladie'spieace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it theug morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitutes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_10: the piece of cambra was called the lady's piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitues and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_12: the piece of cambre was called the lady's piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitues and not to attempt any but possible successes

file: 6599-38590-0009.flac
expected: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_2: all the great politicalacter seemed hurying halay from the stage as if the dramalwerea proching ate tend
	layer_4: all the great political actor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drae were approaching its end
	layer_6: all the great political actor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_8: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_10: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_12: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end

file: 6599-38591-0000.flac
expected: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_2: infifteen sixtyto at the batl of dre he was aged an so ill that noneexpected to se him on horsebhea
	layer_4: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseba
	layer_6: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_8: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dro he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_10: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dro he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_12: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drooe he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback

file: 6599-38591-0001.flac
expected: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our king
	layer_2: he fully arm save only is had answered him rightwell sir thisis the real mediconm that halth cured me for the batel which is to ward and u preparing for the honoer of god an our camp
	layer_4: he fully arm save only as head answered him wright well sir this is the real medicone that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and uppreparing for the honour of god in our camp
	layer_6: he fully arm save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and uppreparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_8: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_10: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and o preparing for the honour of god in our camp
	layer_12: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and of preparing for the honour of god in our camp

file: 6599-38591-0002.flac
expected: the ladies peace concluded at cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_2: the ladies pece concluded acambri and fifteene toetn nine last ed up to fifteen thirty six incessently troubled d however by far from pasif ecemptoms preceedings and preparations
	layer_4: the ladi's pece concuded a cambry and fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pasificcymptims proceedings and preparations
	layer_6: the ladies peace concluded at cambry ind fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_8: the ladies peace concluded a cambray in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_10: the ladies peace concluded a cambrae in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_12: the ladi's peace concluded a cambra in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations

file: 6599-38591-0003.flac
expected: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_2: at las he decided upon retreeating
	layer_4: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_6: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_8: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_10: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_12: at last he decided upon retreating

file: 6599-38591-0004.flac
expected: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_2: it was garseelaso delavaga the prince of spanish posy te spanished pecturk according to his fello countrimen
	layer_4: it was garsilaso delavega the prince of spanish posy the spanished peterark according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_6: it was garcilaso delaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_8: it was garsilaso de laviga the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_10: it was garcilaso de laviga the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_12: it was garcillasso de lavega the prince of spanish poesi the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen

file: 6599-38591-0005.flac
expected: montmorency signed a similar one for piedmont
	layer_2: momoere anse sind tas similere one for peed moh
	layer_4: momarensi sind a similar one for pedmit
	layer_6: momorensi signed a similar one for pedmae
	layer_8: momorenci signed a similar one for pidma
	layer_10: momorenci signed a similar one for pidma
	layer_12: momorenci signed a similar one for piedman

file: 6599-38591-0006.flac
expected: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_2: they all repared together to the house prepared for their reseption and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down a rest on acouch queen elinner before long went andtapteed his door and sen word to the king the the emperor was awake
	layer_4: they all repared together to the house prepared for their ereception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eloner before long went andtappted his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_6: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_8: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_10: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_12: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake

file: 6599-38591-0007.flac
expected: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de montmorency soon arrived
	layer_2: frances with the cardnle the larain and the constible temle moreency soo narived
	layer_4: francis with the cardinal the larin and the constable the mlmorency soonarived
	layer_6: francis with the cardinal deloraine and the constable e momoranci soon arrived
	layer_8: francis with the cardinal de loraine and the constable de memorancy soon arrived
	layer_10: francis with the cardinal de lorrain and the constable de mumoranci soon arrived
	layer_12: francis with the cardinal de lorrain and the constable de mumoranci soon arrived

file: 6599-38591-0008.flac
expected: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_2: on entering the chamber he tound the empero still lang down and shaing with his sistede cqueenwho was eted beside him on he chair
	layer_4: on entering the chamber he found the imperor still lang down and chatting with his sistere e queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_6: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lang down and chatting with his sister the queen who as seated beside him on a chair
	layer_8: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his scister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_10: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_12: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair

file: 6599-38591-0009.flac
expected: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_2: yes said charls i had made such cheere that i was obliged to sleept off
	layer_4: yes said charles i had made such cher that i was obliged to sleep it of
	layer_6: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_8: yes said charles i had made such ceer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_10: yes said charles i had made such teer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_12: yes said charles i had made such teer that i was obliged to sleep it off

file: 6599-38591-0010.flac
expected: francis did the converse with his own collar
	layer_2: francestid the canbers with his own color
	layer_4: france stid the comverse with his own colar
	layer_6: francus dod the converse with his own collar
	layer_8: francis toid the converse with his own collar
	layer_10: francis stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_12: francis stood the converse with his own collar

file: 6599-38591-0011.flac
expected: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_2: only seven of the attendens remained in the emper os chamber and there the two savrens converstd for an hour after which they moved to the hall wher  splinded suppear awaited them
	layer_4: only seven of the attendents remained in the emperors chamber and there the two savrens conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where asplended supper awaited them
	layer_6: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savreins conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_8: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savregns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_10: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savrens conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_12: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savrens conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them

file: 6599-38591-0012.flac
expected: the ghentese pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_2: the ganties pleaeted their privilage of not being lible to betaxksed with out their own consent
	layer_4: the ganties pleated their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_6: the genties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_8: the gentes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_10: the gentes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_12: the gentes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent

file: 6599-38591-0013.flac
expected: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_2: oarders had beensent everwere to receive him as kings of frants a receimed on their joyous aseshio
	layer_4: orders had been sent everywhere to receve him as kings of france ae received on their joyous assesion
	layer_6: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession
	layer_8: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous ascession
	layer_10: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_12: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession

file: 5543-27761-0000.flac
expected: lelechka was a delightful child
	layer_2: wet luch gie was a do itfu child
	layer_4: lhil lutch go was a do ightful child
	layer_6: lolutch go was a dewightful child
	layer_8: lolutchga was a delightful child
	layer_10: lolutchga was a delightful child
	layer_12: lolutchga was a delightful child

file: 5543-27761-0001.flac
expected: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_2: the was nowther such child thurn n afverhad bein and their never would by
	layer_4: there was now ther such child their never had been and their never wouldbe
	layer_6: there was no ther such child there never had been and ther never would be
	layer_8: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_10: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_12: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be

file: 5543-27761-0002.flac
expected: lelechka's mother serafima aleksandrovna was sure of that
	layer_2: lwe luch gis mother sarfe ma ec senm drove na was shur of that
	layer_4: wol letch gas mother sarfewm alicsand drovna was sure of that
	layer_6: lo lutchga's mother sarphema alixsandrovna was sure of that
	layer_8: loletchka's mother seraphema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_10: loletchka's mother serapema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_12: loletchka's mother seraphema alexandrovna was sure of that

file: 5543-27761-0003.flac
expected: lelechka's eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_2: lotlich his eyes were dark in large her cheeks or roasy her loopd er made forokisses an for lafter
	layer_4: loech his eyes were dark ind large her cheeks arrosy her lioped hermade for kisses and for lafter
	layer_6: lolech his eyes were dark ind large her cheeks ore rosy her lipsd here maide for kisses and for laughter
	layer_8: loitch his eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips are mad for kisses and for laughter
	layer_10: loitch h's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips ere made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_12: loitch h's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips ere made for kisses and for laughter

file: 5543-27761-0004.flac
expected: but it was not these charms in lelechka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_2: but it was not these chaimes an ml luchget the gave her motherh the kn astroy
	layer_4: but it was not these charms anm a lutch good the gave her mother the keenes joy
	layer_6: but it was not these charms an wl lutchgood that gave her mother  the keenest joy
	layer_8: but it was not these charms an illutchgad that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_10: but it was not these charms n wellutchka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_12: but it was not these charms n wellutchkad that gave her mother the keenest joy

file: 5543-27761-0005.flac
expected: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_2: she tolt cold with her husban
	layer_4: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_6: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_8: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_10: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_12: she felt cold with her husband

file: 5543-27761-0006.flac
expected: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_2: he was ow ays freshiond cool withtha fridid smile and wever he passt cold curen seemed omove en the air
	layer_4: he was always fresh and cool with a fridged smile and wever he passed cold current seemed to move in the air
	layer_6: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and whever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_8: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and whever he passed cold current seemed to move in the air
	layer_10: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and whernever he passed cold currant seemed to move in the air
	layer_12: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currant seemed to move in the air

file: 5543-27761-0007.flac
expected: it even seemed to serafima aleksandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_2: it even seemed ac ser afy man ou sain droena that she was n lo wiher futereusban and this made her happy
	layer_4: it even seem to at sirfema aucein drovenaw that she was in lovbe with her future husban and this made her happy
	layer_6: it even seemed to atsir phema alxendrovna that she was in love ith her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_8: it even seemed t at sera phema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_10: it even seemed to atserapema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_12: it even seemed to atserapema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy

file: 5543-27761-0008.flac
expected: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_2: the brad was alsi good looking she was a tall  darkied darkchad gir somewant im ide but ver y tactful
	layer_4: the brad was also good looking she was a tall  dark eyd dark haired girl somewhac timade but very tactful
	layer_6: the breade was also good looking she was a tall dark eyede dark haired girl somewhat too made but very tactful
	layer_8: the brad was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat tor mide but very tactful
	layer_10: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat tomid but very taptful
	layer_12: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat tomid but very taptful

file: 5543-27761-0009.flac
expected: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_2: he had connections an his wife chame of good invlensial people
	layer_4: he had connections an his wife came of good infaential people
	layer_6: he had connections in his wife came of good inflaential people
	layer_8: he had connections and his wlife came of good inflential people
	layer_10: he had connections and his life came of good influential people
	layer_12: he had connections and his life came of good influential people

file: 5543-27761-0010.flac
expected: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_2: this might at the proper opportunity provuseul
	layer_4: this might at the proper oportunity proviusaul
	layer_6: this might at the proper opportunity prove usful
	layer_8: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_10: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_12: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful

file: 5543-27761-0011.flac
expected: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergey modestovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_2: after their marriage the was nothing in the manner of sar gafd lof e stovichd suggust anything rong to his wife
	layer_4: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sarganm liva stovich t suggest anything rong to his life
	layer_6: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sargam lifa stovitch to suggest anything wrong to his life
	layer_8: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of seryam liostovitch to suggest anything wrong to his life
	layer_10: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergam lirostovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_12: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergam lirostovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife

file: 5543-27761-0012.flac
expected: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergey modestovich established connexions elsewhere of a light and temporary nature
	layer_2: later however when his wife was bou to have a child sargam wothe stofvich ustalish conections elsewear of a light intemperary nature
	layer_4: later however when his wife was about to have a child sargame oithe stovich a stablish connections elsewhare of ta light in temporary nature
	layer_6: later however when his wife was abou to have a child sargamwothe stovitch establishe connections elsewhere of the light intemporary nature
	layer_8: later however when his wife was about to have a child sargamovestovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_10: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergemotorstovitch established connextions elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_12: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergemothorstovitch established connextions elsewhere of the light and temporary nature

file: 5543-27761-0013.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna found this out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infant with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_2: srfevma alexen drowen ou faund the souch and to her ownistashmentias nopt bertoculale her she wa ded her infent with a reslisst entiisipation a swallowed every other feeling
	layer_4: srfemen elex enjrovenouh found the souch and to her ownestonishmen as not particularly her she waited her infint with a restless andtioucipation tht swallowed every other feeling
	layer_6: surfema eloxen drovenah found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infint with a restless anticipationtthat swallowed every other feeling
	layer_8: saraphema alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infante with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_10: saraphebma alexandrovna found the s out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infinte with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_12: saraphema alexandrovna found thes out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling

file: 5543-27761-0014.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_2: serfinga alic syn drove negrifted frther and farther wa from him
	layer_4: serfee a alec and drovnegrifted farther and farther rway from him
	layer_6: serfhema eloxand drov negrifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_8: serphema elexandrov n e drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_10: serfima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_12: serphima alexandrovna a drifted farther and farther away from him

file: 5543-27761-0015.flac
expected: lelechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_2: lech goo then ran awaye stamping with her plump little liggs a ver the carpets and hid herself behind the curtans near her bed
	layer_4: lutch goo then ran away stamping with her plump little legs a ver the carpets and hi herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_6: lutch good then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_8: leth goo then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_10: let go then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_12: let go then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed

file: 5543-27761-0016.flac
expected: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelechka and made believe that she did not see her
	layer_2: wer i's my bay be gir the mother as is she looked frell a luch cgid may believe that she did not see her
	layer_4: where is my baybe girl the mother asked as she looked file lutch gon may believe that she did not see her
	layer_6: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked firla lutchkgan may believe that she did not see her
	layer_8: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for laletchkun may believe that she did not see her
	layer_10: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for laletchkan mady believe that she did not see her
	layer_12: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for laletchkan mad believe that she did not see her

file: 5543-27761-0017.flac
expected: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lelechka
	layer_2: then she came ot a little farther and her mother as ogh she had on le jes cougt sihte of her seezed her by her little shouwters ind exclame joously hear she is mi la lechkat
	layer_4: then she came at a little farther and her mother as torh she had only jius caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders in exclaime joyously here she is my laleca
	layer_6: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only jus caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechica
	layer_8: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechka
	layer_10: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my laletchka
	layer_12: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my laletchka

file: 5543-27761-0018.flac
expected: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_2: her mothers eyes glod ritd passion it imotion
	layer_4: her mother's eyes glowed with passion at imotion
	layer_6: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_8: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_10: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_12: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion

file: 5543-27761-0019.flac
expected: her mother went to hide
	layer_2: her mother wont to hid
	layer_4: her mother wont to hide
	layer_6: her mother went to hide
	layer_8: her mother went to hide
	layer_10: her mother went to hide
	layer_12: her mother went to hide

file: 5543-27761-0020.flac
expected: lelechka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_2: le lech goot turned aways theirh nucha see but whatchd irmamuch a stutfhully all the time
	layer_4: lll lutch good turned away s though notc hta see but watched rmamuch ga stuathily all the time
	layer_6: li lutch good turned away as though not to see but watched hrmamochcas steathily all the time
	layer_8: llutchgoaod turned away as though not to see but watched her mamoshka stealthily all the time
	layer_10: lolutchga turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_12: lolutchga turned away as though not to see but watched her mammochka stealthily all the time

file: 5543-27761-0021.flac
expected: where's my mamochka asked lelechka
	layer_2: wher is mambo muchg asksla luchcar
	layer_4: where is mama mochka askelalutchca
	layer_6: where is mem ma marchka asla luchika
	layer_8: where is mamamachka aked lalutchka
	layer_10: where is mama moshka as lalutchka
	layer_12: where is mama moshka as lalutchka

file: 5543-27761-0022.flac
expected: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_2: a smile f absoli bles plate on her wreadlips
	layer_4: a smile od absoly bliss plate on her redlis
	layer_6: a smile of absolu bliss played on her red lips
	layer_8: a smile of absolut bliss played on her red lips
	layer_10: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_12: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips

file: 5543-27761-0023.flac
expected: lelechka was getting nearer her mother's corner
	layer_2: lech gos getting nyer her mother's cone
	layer_4: tu letchgat was getting near her mother's cone
	layer_6: telutchgo was getting near her mother's coner
	layer_8: theletchga was getting near her mother's corner
	layer_10: the letchga was getting near her mother's corner
	layer_12: the letchka was getting near her mother's corner

file: 5543-27761-0024.flac
expected: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_2: her other was gr ing mor obsorbed every moment by her einteresst in aegime her heart beat with short quick strokes an she presed evendcloser s o the wall dosarranging her hairs till more
	layer_4: her mother was grying more obsorbed every moment by her interesed in the gam her heart beat with short quick stroks and she pressed even closer to the wall do sarranging her hair still more
	layer_6: her mother was grwing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_8: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_10: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_12: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more

file: 5543-27761-0025.flac
expected: lelechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_2: wbutl lech ca sudenly glance toward her mother's corner an s greendwid joy
	layer_4: but letch cas suddenly glanced toward her mother's corneran sgreeamd with joy
	layer_6: but lutchca suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner ance creamed with joy
	layer_8: but lutcha suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner andc screamed with joy
	layer_10: bulutchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screaned with joy
	layer_12: bulutchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screaned with joy

file: 5543-27761-0026.flac
expected: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_2: throgh the havf cles dos he herd the lagfter the joyse out crise the sound a romping
	layer_4: through the half closed dors he her the laugfhter the joyce outcris the sound of wromping
	layer_6: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joice outcries the sound of romping
	layer_8: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joiuce outcries the sound of romping
	layer_10: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_12: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping

file: 5543-27761-0027.flac
expected: even fedosya felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_2: even fordosiyeatheltobeshd now vfer heir mistres nowg for herself
	layer_4: even fordocia fellto bashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_6: even fodosia felt a bashe now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_8: even fidosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_10: even ferdocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_12: even ferdocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself

file: 5543-27761-0028.flac
expected: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by serafima aleksandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_2: he liked coming yere where everything was beautifuly arranged this was don by sarfe malexcendrovena who wishd a suroundher little girl from her bvury intvancy only woith the lovelyous things
	layer_4: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarepema alecendervna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliast things
	layer_6: he liked coming here wher everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alex canderovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_8: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_10: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_12: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things

file: 5543-27761-0029.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lelechka with the same end in view
	layer_2: sarety malxs an derwnadrust herself tastfully this toe she did fhor lhe luch ga would te same and in vou
	layer_4: servtly me alx and dom n addressed herself tastefully this too she did foerle luchgo would the same and in view
	layer_6: sarhema alx en drovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for la lutchga woith the same and in view
	layer_8: sarathima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did forlolutchka with the same end in view
	layer_10: sarahema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lolotchka with the same end in view
	layer_12: saraphema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lolotchka with the same end in view

file: 5543-27761-0030.flac
expected: one thing sergey modestovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_2: one thing sargam ot astovich had not becomeracon siled to and this wass his wifes omost continugous presence in the nurstery
	layer_4: one thing sairgame mut a stovich had not become recond ciled to and this was his wifes omust continuoust presence in the nursery
	layer_6: one thing sarget modostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wifes amost continuoust presence in the nursery
	layer_8: one thing serge motostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_10: one thing serge morostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_12: one thing serge morostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery

file: 5543-27761-0031.flac
expected: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisive and condescending smile
	layer_2: it's tjust as i fot i new that ard find you here he said with ha dirisiven condes ending smile
	layer_4: it's just as i thought i knew that ha'd find you here he said with a dire sivin condes anding smile
	layer_6: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a deresiv in condescending smile
	layer_8: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derazivin condescending smile
	layer_10: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisive incondescending smile
	layer_12: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derasive incondescending smile

file: 5543-27761-0032.flac
expected: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to serafima aleksandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_2: mearly you see that the chorld sould feelits own indovbi duolity he xclained in answer desairfe a out sendr of nest puzzled pclance
	layer_4: mearly you see let the charld should feel its own indibiduality he exclained an answer de sarefuwma out cendur ov ness puzzle lance
	layer_6: merely you see let the chald should feel its own indibiduality he exclaimed an answer to sarphuma out cendrvna's puzzled glance
	layer_8: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to saraphema alt can drovna's puzzled glance
	layer_10: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to sarafema alexsandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_12: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to sarafema alexandroevna's puzzled glance

file: 5543-27761-0033.flac
expected: she's still so little said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: she still so little said saerefy ma alexin jrova
	layer_4: she still so little said serfy ma alic androva
	layer_6: she still so little said serphema allox indrova
	layer_8: she's still so little said saraphima alexandrova
	layer_10: she's still so little said sarapema alexandrovna
	layer_12: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0034.flac
expected: i don't insist it's your kingdom there
	layer_2: i don'tincst ats your kingdom heere
	layer_4: i don't insist it's your king dom here
	layer_6: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_8: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_10: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_12: i don't insist it's your kingdom here

file: 5543-27761-0035.flac
expected: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_2: iothink et over his wife answr smiling as he did cald le but jenialy
	layer_4: a'lthink et over his wife answered smiling as he did cold ly but genally
	layer_6: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genuially
	layer_8: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but geniually
	layer_10: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_12: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually

file: 5543-27761-0036.flac
expected: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_2: then they began ho talk of somefing else
	layer_4: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_6: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_8: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_10: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_12: then they began to talk of something else

file: 5543-27761-0037.flac
expected: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_2: that the mistrstos it whil that's one thimg but that the young lady dos it that's pad
	layer_4: that the mistre stoes it wil that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_6: that the mistress doesit while that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_8: that the mistress does it wele that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_10: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_12: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad

file: 5543-27761-0038.flac
expected: why asked fedosya with curiosity
	layer_2: why us fidosoith cariocity
	layer_4: why as pidociowith curriosity
	layer_6: why as phadosiowith curiosity
	layer_8: why asked fidosi with curiosity
	layer_10: why asked fidocia with curiosity
	layer_12: why asked fidocia with curiosity

file: 5543-27761-0039.flac
expected: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_2: thes expression a curyosit a gave her face the look of a woodin rughly pain to dall
	layer_4: this expression a curiosita gave her face the look of a wooden roughly pain to doll
	layer_6: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly pain to doll
	layer_8: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_10: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_12: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll

file: 5543-27761-0040.flac
expected: yes that's bad repeated agathya with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_2: yes that's baid repeated tago heeiconviction terribly bad well
	layer_4: yes that's baed repeated agoheo ihconviction terribly bad well
	layer_6: yes that's bad repeated tagahioich conviction terribly bad well
	layer_8: yes that's bad repeated agahioi conviction terribly bad well
	layer_10: yes that's bad repeated iggahioic conviction terribly bad well
	layer_12: yes that's bad repeated iggahioic conviction terribly bad well

file: 5543-27761-0041.flac
expected: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agathya went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_2: it's the truw fim saying were member my word s a ga ha went on wit the same as sureans and secerecy
	layer_4: it's the true thime sang were member my words agaawent on with the same assurensan secracy
	layer_6: it's the true h i'm sing remember my words agaphawent on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_8: it's the truth i'm sing remember my words agapia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_10: it's the truth i'm sing remember my words agafhia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_12: it's the truth i'm sing remember my words agaphia went on with the same assurance and secrecy

file: 5543-27761-0042.flac
expected: it's the surest sign
	layer_2: its the serest signe
	layer_4: its the surst sign
	layer_6: it's the sherest sign
	layer_8: it's the sherest sign
	layer_10: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_12: it's the sheerest sin

file: 5543-27761-0043.flac
expected: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_2: the 'ld woman had envented the sigmne quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very prowt of it
	layer_4: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_6: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_8: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_10: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_12: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it

file: 5543-27761-0044.flac
expected: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_2: mata matam she said quint le in a chembling woice
	layer_4: mada madam she said quintly in a cthrembling voice
	layer_6: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_8: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_10: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_12: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice

file: 5543-27761-0045.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna gave a start
	layer_2: serphe ma aoliex ind jrvni giees start
	layer_4: sirpy ma elics and droan i gave a start
	layer_6: surphema elix and drovan i gave a start
	layer_8: serphima elexandrovan a gave a start
	layer_10: serpima alexandrovna gave a start
	layer_12: serphema alexandrovna gave a start

file: 5543-27761-0046.flac
expected: fedosya's face made her anxious
	layer_2: the dotus face mae her ancius
	layer_4: the dotas face made her anxious
	layer_6: thedothas face made her anxious
	layer_8: the dothia's face made her anxious
	layer_10: lhedota's face made her anxious
	layer_12: thedothea's face made her anxious

file: 5543-27761-0047.flac
expected: what is it fedosya she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lelechka
	layer_2: wat is itf fidosia shease thet greakconserne as aer nything rong witd ll luchkat
	layer_4: what is it fidosia sheeske wit gre cancerm as here anything wrong with o lutchga
	layer_6: what is it fidocia she asked with greeak concerme as there anything wrong with lo lutchca
	layer_8: what is it fidosia she asked with great concern as there anything wrong with lolutshka
	layer_10: what is it fidesia she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with loletchka
	layer_12: what is it fidesia she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with loletchka

file: 5543-27761-0048.flac
expected: no madam said fedosya as she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_2: no madam said fhiducias she justiculated with ier hands to re assure hi mistress and ho make her sid downe
	layer_4: no madam said fidelcias she justiculated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit dan
	layer_6: no madam said phidosia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sitdan
	layer_8: no madame said fidelsia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_10: no madam said fidelsia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_12: no madam said fidelsia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down

file: 5543-27761-0049.flac
expected: lelechka is asleep may god be with her
	layer_2: the luch gaus a slete maykeg id be with her
	layer_4: the lutch gas a sleet make gid be with her
	layer_6: the lutch gause asleep mayke od be with her
	layer_8: the lutchcas asleep may god be with her
	layer_10: the luchcas asleep may god be with her
	layer_12: the lutchkas asleep may god be with her

file: 5543-27761-0050.flac
expected: only i'd like to say something you see lelechka is always hiding herself that's not good
	layer_2: only iad like to say something you see wel luch gaus always highting eurself that is not good
	layer_4: only i'g like to say something you see lil luch gas always hiting hourself that is not good
	layer_6: only i'dlike to say something you see l luchgas always hiding hourself that is not good
	layer_8: only i'd like to say something you see liolechgais always hiding herself that is not good
	layer_10: only i'd like to say something you see lolushka is always hiding herself that is not good
	layer_12: only i'd like to say something you see loletshka is always hiding herself that is not good

file: 5543-27761-0051.flac
expected: i can't tell you how bad it is said fedosya and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_2: i can' tell you how batit is said fidisia and her face expreast the most tociveed confidence
	layer_4: i can't tell you how bat it is said fidilscia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_6: i can't tell you how bad it is said phadolcia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_8: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidelsia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_10: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidelsia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_12: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidelsia and her face expressed the most decided confidence

file: 5543-27761-0052.flac
expected: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_2: inder sand nothing ofbwhl you are sang
	layer_4: inder sand nothing of wl you are sang
	layer_6: understaind nothingabl you are sang
	layer_8: u understand nothingoble you are saying
	layer_10: i understand nothingobl you are saying
	layer_12: i understand nothing o l you are saying

file: 5543-27761-0053.flac
expected: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fedosya abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_2: he see mad ia mit'sta cond of omen explaines fitosiarbruply and a shame face it way
	layer_4: he see madar mits a kind of oman explains fidosiabruptly and a shame faceed way
	layer_6: he see matda mit's a kind of oman explained fidosiabruptly and a shame faceed way
	layer_8: ye see madam m its a kind of omen explains fidosia abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_10: you see madam it's a kind of omen explains fidocia abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_12: you see madam it's a kind of omen explains fedocia abruptly in a shamefaced way

file: 5543-27761-0054.flac
expected: nonsense said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: nonsents sauidsair f ew malix and jrveea
	layer_4: nonsents said serfe ma alexs an jeovena
	layer_6: nonsens said serafema alixan govna
	layer_8: nonsense said sarafhema alexandrovna
	layer_10: nonsense said sarafema alexandrovna
	layer_12: nonsense said sarafema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0055.flac
expected: who told you all this asked serafima aleksandrovna in an austere low voice
	layer_2: who told yeou all this asser e m alix ander nen eno stear lowe boice
	layer_4: who told you all this asserif he ma alecendrove na in enou stear low voice
	layer_6: who told you all this asked seriphema alexendrovna an enou steer low voice
	layer_8: who told you all this asked saraphema alexandrovna in anov stear low voice
	layer_10: who told you all this asked sarapema alexandrovna in ana steere low voice
	layer_12: who told you all this asked saraphema alexandrovna in ana steere low voice

file: 5543-27761-0056.flac
expected: knows exclaimed serafima aleksandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_2: nos exclaime serfy malec send durofnon irtation as theuge she wished to protectureself some hol from the sudenenxiety
	layer_4: nose exclaime serfhema alecan drov noan irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from thes sudden enxiety
	layer_6: nos exclaimed surphema alexcenderovnen irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_8: nos exclaimed saraphema alexandrovnan irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_10: nose exclaimed sarafema alexandrovna i's irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_12: nose exclaimed sarafema alexandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety

file: 5543-27761-0057.flac
expected: what nonsense as though lelechka could die
	layer_2: hat nonsencse as though leeuchtad could dye
	layer_4: wat nonsense as though lemuchcoad could die
	layer_6: what nonsense as though leluchcoud could die
	layer_8: what nonsense as though lelutchood could die
	layer_10: what nonsense as though lolutchkod could die
	layer_12: what nonsense as though lolutchkood could die

file: 5543-27761-0058.flac
expected: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connexion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_2: she saw claly that theire could be ne possible connection bechwen a childs quite ordeiinarid ivoursion an the contimuation f the child slife
	layer_4: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between achilds quite ordinary diversion and the contimuation of the child's life
	layer_6: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_8: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion an the continuation of the child's life
	layer_10: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_12: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion in the continuation of the child's life

file: 5543-27761-0059.flac
expected: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts returned involuntarily to the fact that lelechka loved to hide herself
	layer_2: she made aspecial effor that edening to olcupy her mind with other maters thut ar thoughtst ernd a mon tariles be tfact that will luch coo loved tohidherself
	layer_4: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts terned anmolan teriles bethact that will lutch co lovbe to hide herself
	layer_6: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in moluntarilis betact that will lutch ca love to hide herself
	layer_8: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned an voluntarilyto the fact that will lutchca love to hide herself
	layer_10: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that willutcka love to hide herself
	layer_12: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that willutchka love to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0060.flac
expected: when lelechka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_2: when the luch ko was stio quite smal and have learnede distinguish we tween her mother in her ners she sometimes sitting in her neurse hs arms made a sudden rogish crimiss and hat her laughing face ind the nurs is shoulder
	layer_4: when the luchdgat was still quite small and had learnede distinguished wetwen her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurseis arms made a sudden rugish grimiss and hither laughing face in the nursis shoulder
	layer_6: when the lutckga was still quite small and had learned a distinguished between her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hit her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_8: when lhe lucha was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_10: when le luchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_12: when le lutchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder

file: 5543-27761-0061.flac
expected: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_2: then she would look o wth a slighke wans
	layer_4: then she would look out with a sliglance
	layer_6: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_8: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_10: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_12: then she would look out with a sly glance

file: 5543-27761-0062.flac
expected: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not enter wholeheartedly into the spirit of lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_2: theugh she repproach souself at once for this un founded supersticioustread never the les she could not ender ho heartedlyinge thespeired le luch cus favourt gaime and she tite divert lieluch cause a tention to something euce
	layer_4: though she reproach sherself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread neverthelest she could not ender hole heartedly ene the spired lelutchcaus favourite game and she trited diver t lelutch cause attention to something else
	layer_6: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly into the spirid lolughca's favorie game and she try to divert helugcause attention to something else
	layer_8: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender holheartedly into the spirit lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert leluchka's attention to something else
	layer_10: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender hullheartedly into the spirit lolechka's favorite game and she tried to divert lolutchka's attention to something else
	layer_12: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender hullheartedly into the spirit loluchka's favorite game and she tried to divert lolutchka's attention to something else

file: 5543-27761-0063.flac
expected: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_2: she eagerly complidewi thir mother's ne wishes
	layer_4: she eagerly complied wit thir mother's new wishes
	layer_6: she eagerly complied with her mother's knew wishes
	layer_8: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_10: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_12: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes

file: 5543-27761-0064.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna tried desperately to amuse lelechka
	layer_2: serefy ma alex en jro na tri despratly to imus loiuchca
	layer_4: serphema alecs and jo na triedesperately to imuselilutchca
	layer_6: serphema alexen jovna trie desperately to amuse lelucka
	layer_8: saraphima alexanjovna tried desperately to amuse lalechka
	layer_10: saraphima alexandiovna tried desperately to amuse luletchka
	layer_12: saraphima alexandirovna tried desperately to amuse luletchka

file: 5543-27761-0065.flac
expected: perhaps thought serafima aleksandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_2: perhaps thutsar fuha alic sind jovena she 'is not astrongly drahn o the worl as other children who hrdtracted by many things
	layer_4: perhaps that serefewa alec sind jovena she is not astrongly drawn to the world as other children who hardtracted by many things
	layer_6: perhaps thougt sar fua alexindovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who areattracted by many things
	layer_8: perhaps thought sarapfhe a alexandrovna she ias not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who r attracted by many things
	layer_10: perhaps thought sarafea alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who ware attracted by many things
	layer_12: perhaps thought sarafeva alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things

file: 5543-27761-0066.flac
expected: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_2: if this aso is hitd not a signe of were ganic eakness
	layer_4: if this isso is it not a sign of organic eakness
	layer_6: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_8: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_10: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_12: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness

file: 5543-27761-0067.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_2: sarvefe malt s and rof no hersof began the game oncer twie thaut she plad et with a heavy heart
	layer_4: serfe malcs androve na hersolft began the game once or twice that she played it with a heay heart
	layer_6: serphe malxan drovna herself began the game once or twice thag she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_8: serphy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_10: serphy alexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_12: serphy alexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart

file: 5543-27761-0068.flac
expected: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_2: she suffered as thouh commiting an evil de with full consciousness
	layer_4: she suffered as though commeting an evil deed with ful consciousness
	layer_6: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_8: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_10: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_12: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness

file: 5543-27761-0069.flac
expected: it was a sad day for serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: it was a sad day forcsarefe molts and doena
	layer_4: it was a sad day for sar fe milxs and drovena
	layer_6: it was a sad day for serphe malicx and drovna
	layer_8: it was a sad day for ser fhy malexandrovna
	layer_10: it was a sad day for seraphe malexandrovna
	layer_12: it was a sad day for seraphe malexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0070.flac
expected: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_2: he mother covered her with the blie blink et
	layer_4: he mother covered her with a ble blankit
	layer_6: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_8: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_10: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_12: her mother covered her with a blue blanket

file: 5543-27761-0071.flac
expected: lelechka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_2: let luch couddrew her slee little hands from under the blank et andstreched than ot him brace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_4: lil luch culd drew her sleet little hands from under the blankit and streshed themolu to am brace her mother her mother beent down
	layer_6: lolutch cadrew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_8: lolutchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_10: lolutchka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_12: lulutchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down

file: 5543-27761-0072.flac
expected: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_2: she seemed so smon so frailander the boingk at tha covered her
	layer_4: she seemed so smaln so frailunder the blinket tha covered her
	layer_6: she seemed so smal an so fraile under the blanket that covered her
	layer_8: she seemed so small and so fraile under the blanket that covered her
	layer_10: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_12: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her

file: 5543-27761-0073.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_2: sarepfemolexs an drovenormain standing av erlaluchgais bat along wile and she cap lioking ant weluch get with tenderness an far
	layer_4: sarfimalic and droven ormain standing overlelutchgas bad along while and she cap looking at willutchgert with tenderness and fear
	layer_6: ser few alix and drovna remains standing over lor luchcas bad a long while and she cept looking at wit lucga with tenderness and fear
	layer_8: sara fhew alexandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at witluchkga with tenderness and fear
	layer_10: sara few alexandrovna remained standing over lolecshka's bed a long while and she kept looking at willutshka with tenderness and fear
	layer_12: sara few alexandrovna remained standing over loletcshka's bed a long while and she kept looking at willutshka with tenderness and fear

file: 5543-27761-0074.flac
expected: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall lelechka
	layer_2: i' te mother is a possible that iasiooldnt be able to protecter she thughtis she imagin the veries ills that might be fall luchca
	layer_4: i'm tha mother is at possible that i shouldn't be able to protect er she thought is she imagined the various ills at might be follolachica
	layer_6: i'm the mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fall a lachica
	layer_8: i'm te mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fallolachika
	layer_10: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befalolachka
	layer_12: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befalolatchka

file: 5543-27761-0075.flac
expected: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_2: she prayed long bat night but the prare did not ralieave her sadness
	layer_4: she prayed long bat night but the prayer did not releve her sadness
	layer_6: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_8: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_10: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_12: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness

file: 5543-27761-0076.flac
expected: several days passed lelechka caught cold
	layer_2: seeral dhes pastd wll luch a cot cold
	layer_4: several dayse pasd will luchga cot cold
	layer_6: several days pased will luchgacot cold
	layer_8: several days passed wi lutchga caut cold
	layer_10: several days passed wellutchka caught cold
	layer_12: several days passed wellutchka caught cold

file: 5543-27761-0077.flac
expected: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_2: the fever came upon hert night
	layer_4: the fever came upon hr at night
	layer_6: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_8: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_10: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_12: the fever came upon her at night

file: 5543-27761-0078.flac
expected: when serafima aleksandrovna awakened by fedosya came to lelechka and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_2: when serefhe malcs and jrobena awa cen by fidosia can e laluch ghen sa her looking so heot so resless in sair tarmenged she intiltly recaledth eouvwle oman and a hopewas dospariagtok possession of her from the first moments
	layer_4: when sarefy ma alics and jrovna awakene by fidosia came olalutchgon saw her looking so hat so rethless ind sor tarmented she instantly recallede evl oman and a hope was despariatok possession of her from the first moments
	layer_6: when seraphema elexen dovna awakened by pidosia came o lo luchgun saw her looking so hot so restless in so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despairetook possession of her from the first moments
	layer_8: when saraphima alexandrovna awakened by fidosia cam do loletchgan saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_10: when saraphima alexandrovna awakened by fidolsia camda loletchkan saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_12: when saraphima alexandrovna awakened by fidolsia camde loletchkan saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments

file: 5543-27761-0079.flac
expected: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_2: a doctor was called an everything was don that his usualon such accasionts but the an eveible happen
	layer_4: a doctor was called an everything was dume that his usual on such occasions but the ineviable happened
	layer_6: a doctor was called in everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_8: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_10: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_12: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened

file: 5543-27761-0080.flac
expected: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_2: and thel luch giagre sebler from ouer to our
	layer_4: and thi lutchga grew febler from hour to hour
	layer_6: and lelutchka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_8: and lalechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_10: and laletchka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_12: and laletchka grew feebler from hour to hour

file: 5543-27761-0081.flac
expected: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fedosya uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka
	layer_2: nothin mather so an hap y as te readerations o fidolsia a terd between sobs she hiad horself andhitorself our laletcha
	layer_4: nothing made her so and happy as the readerations of pidesia utered between sobs she hid herself and hit herself our leletcica
	layer_6: nothing made her so un happy as the reterations of phidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hit herself aur lelecica
	layer_8: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself ourlalechica
	layer_10: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidelsia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aur lalechka
	layer_12: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidelcia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself arlalechka

file: 5543-27761-0082.flac
expected: fever was consuming lelechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium
	layer_2: fever was conseeming we letchga and there retimes hand she lostt consciousness in spok intrlirium
	layer_4: fever was conceming walegca and there re times hand she lost consciousness and spokentilirium
	layer_6: fever was conceming lalethka and there were times hen she lost consciousness and spoke en to lirium
	layer_8: fever was conceming lalechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoken tolirium
	layer_10: fever was conseming lalechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoken to lirium
	layer_12: fever was conceming laletchka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoken to lirium

file: 5543-27761-0083.flac
expected: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_2: three days pass torturing like an might mar
	layer_4: three days pase tortering like a mightmare
	layer_6: three days pased torturing like a nightmare
	layer_8: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_10: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_12: three days passed torturing like a nightmare

file: 5543-27761-0084.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_2: ser fema alec s ind jovni hd her face be hignd the curtan's near lel luchg as bed how tragict
	layer_4: sirfema elecandjoven i hidter face behignd the curtain's near lelutchgas bed how tragic
	layer_6: sirphema elixs and joven a hit her face behind the curtains near ler luchicas bed how tragic
	layer_8: serphima alexanjrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lalechika's bed how tragic
	layer_10: serpima alexandjrovna hid her face behind the curtains near loletchka's bed how tragic
	layer_12: serpima alexandjrovna hid her face behind the curtains near loletchka's bed how tragic

file: 5543-27761-0085.flac
expected: a white mamochka whispered lelechka
	layer_2: a waite mo much ga whisperedly lcha
	layer_4: a wite momochga whisperedle lucica
	layer_6: a white mamochca whispered lalugica
	layer_8: a white mamochica whispered lalachica
	layer_10: a white mammochca whispered lilachka
	layer_12: a white mammochca whispered lelachka

file: 5543-27761-0086.flac
expected: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelechka
	layer_2: mo wuch was wit face be came blord an everythingrew dark before a l a luchka
	layer_4: mo muchcas wite face became blurd and everything grew dark before lolucica
	layer_6: momochka's white face became blurrd and everything grew dark before lolechika
	layer_8: momochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lalachika
	layer_10: momoshka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lolashka
	layer_12: momoshka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lolashka

file: 5543-27761-0087.flac
expected: she met her husband
	layer_2: she mat her hasbaend
	layer_4: she metter hasband
	layer_6: she met her husband
	layer_8: she met her husband
	layer_10: she met her husband
	layer_12: she met her husband

file: 5543-27761-0088.flac
expected: serafima aicksandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_2: serfema alecs end drovenoas standing by the coffind and looking duliat her dead child
	layer_4: sarfema elecs and droveno was standing by the coffint and looking dulliat her dead child
	layer_6: sarphema elixand drovnawas standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_8: sarphima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_10: sarphema alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_12: sarphena alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child

file: 5543-27761-0089.flac
expected: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergey modestovich in a whisper
	layer_2: see la my dear done d agitat yourself said sair gan mot a sovach on a whisper
	layer_4: seemo my dear don' to agitate yourself said sirgan mot a sto vich ind a whisper
	layer_6: sema my dear don't agitate yourself said serganmodestillvitch in a whisper
	layer_8: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergemmodostelvitch in a whisper
	layer_10: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergemorostolvitch in a whisper
	layer_12: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergemorostolvitch in a whisper

file: 5543-27761-0090.flac
expected: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_2: you must resinyourself to our fat
	layer_4: you must resin yourself to your fate
	layer_6: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_8: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_10: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_12: you must resign yourself to your fate

file: 5543-27761-0091.flac
expected: she'll be up in a minute persisted serafima aleksandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_2: she'll be oupin am minute perecisted scirfmalicson jove no her eyes fixkd on the dead little girl
	layer_4: she 'll be up in a minute persisted serfemalicsan jeovena her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_6: she'll be up in a minute persisted surphemalixsand jovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_8: she'll be up in a minute persisted sar phemalexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_10: she'll be up in a minute persisted saira fema alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_12: she'll be up in a minute persisted saira feman alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl

file: 5543-27761-0092.flac
expected: sergey modestovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_2: sirgam of a stovache looked rownd him couciously he was afrait of the unseemly and of the rediculous
	layer_4: sirgame ot a stovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemely ind of the ridiculous
	layer_6: sergamemouto stovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_8: sergemodistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_10: serge mor stovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_12: serge morstovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous

file: 5543-27761-0093.flac
expected: sima don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_2: see my don' agitat yourself heu repeaded
	layer_4: see my don't agitat yourself he repeated
	layer_6: seeg my don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_8: see y don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_10: seem y don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_12: seem y don't agitate yourself he repeated

file: 5543-27761-0094.flac
expected: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_2: he wis confwsdan a knowied
	layer_4: he was confused and aknoyed
	layer_6: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_8: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_10: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_12: he was confused and annoyed

file: 5543-27761-0095.flac
expected: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry
	layer_2: her face eme trankle n hr eyes were dry
	layer_4: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_6: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_8: her face seemed trankle an her eyes were dry
	layer_10: her face seemed tranqle and her eyes were dry
	layer_12: her face seemed tranqile and her eyes were dry

file: 5543-27761-0096.flac
expected: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lelechka used to hide herself
	layer_2: she wont into the neurseryn began t walk round the room loking into thus places werela luch ga used to hid hrself
	layer_4: she went into the nurseryn began to walk round the room looking into those places were le lutchga use to hid herself
	layer_6: she went into the nurserin began to walk round the room looking into those places where leluchka used to hide herself
	layer_8: she went into the nurserynd began to walk round the room looking into those places where lelechka used to hide herself
	layer_10: she went into the nursery ad began to walk round the room looking into those places where lolutchka used to hide herself
	layer_12: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lolutchka used to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0097.flac
expected: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept on repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lelechka
	layer_2: she alked all about the room and ben nownd tan te look underod the ctablear undto the bed and kaptron repeating cheerfully whereismy little one where is my lo lutchca
	layer_4: she walked all about the room and bent now and ten o look under the cable ear under the bed and kepteron repeating cheerfully whereis my little one where is my lowlutchca
	layer_6: she walked all about the room and bent now and then joul look under the tableher under the bed and kept r in repeating cheerfully where i's my little one where is my loluchka
	layer_8: she walked all about the room and bent now and then shoul look under the table or under the bed and kept he un repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolechka
	layer_10: she walked all about the room and bent now and then shou look under the table or under the bed and kept unrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka
	layer_12: she walked all about the room and bent now and then so look under the table or under the bed and kept unrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka

file: 5543-27761-0098.flac
expected: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew
	layer_2: after she ad walked rond the room onee she began t make her ques in neou
	layer_4: after she had walked ron the room once she began to make her quest in ew
	layer_6: after she had walked ron the room once she began to make her quest in you
	layer_8: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in you
	layer_10: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest on you
	layer_12: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in you

file: 5543-27761-0099.flac
expected: fedosya motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_2: fidosial motionlmoans witlh the decto face sad on accorner and looed frighte ed ot her misteres than she suddenly bersttat soping and she wal lodly
	layer_4: fidosia motionless witlh deddected face sat in a corner and looked frightened ut her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_6: pedosia motionless with dedectevd face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_8: fidosia motionless with dejective face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_10: fidelsia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_12: fidelsia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly

file: 5543-27761-0100.flac
expected: she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka our angelic little soul
	layer_2: she hid hersoulf and hidhrsolf aur le lechgar ar and jeulic little soul
	layer_4: she hid herselfh and hitherself ar loletchigar r and jelic little soul
	layer_6: she hid herself and hid herself ar lolecgar  an jelac littl soul
	layer_8: she hid herself and hid herself our lolechgar ere engelic little soul
	layer_10: she hid herself and hid herself our lolachga ere angelic little soul
	layer_12: she hid herself and hid herself our lolachigard ere angelic little soul

file: 5543-27761-0101.flac
expected: when she entered the parlour there were several people between her and lelechka
	layer_2: when she ender the paoler there wra suveral peoper between her in le luchga
	layer_4: when she entere the parla there weas several peoper between her in lhelutchica
	layer_6: when she entered the parlo there wase several peoper between her in lalutchka
	layer_8: when she entered the parlor there were several peeper between her and lalatchka
	layer_10: when she entered the parlor there were several peeper between her and lalatchka
	layer_12: when she entered the parlor there were several peeper between her and lalatchka

file: 5543-27761-0102.flac
expected: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in serafima aleksandrovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_2: thet was an aprese feeling of haviness incerfe malec samd jeoveness hadas she approache l alutchka
	layer_4: there was an apprecive feeling of heaviness anserefe malic some jroveness hadas she approached lalutchca
	layer_6: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and seripfe manlicsome dovenas had as she approached lalutchka
	layer_8: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and serapheh man laxsomedrovna's head as she approached lalechka
	layer_10: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in seraphemalike samedrovna's head as she approached lilotchka
	layer_12: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in seraphemaalik samedrovna's head as she approached lilotchka

file: 5543-27761-0103.flac
expected: lelechka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_2: woluch gol lay ther stillin pl and smilp i feticaly
	layer_4: bl lutchga lay there still an pal and smile pafhetically
	layer_6: will luchga lay there still an pale and smile pathetically
	layer_8: willutchga lay there still and pale and smile pathetically
	layer_10: willutchga lay there still and pale and smile pathetically
	layer_12: willutchga lay there still and pale and smile pathetically

file: 5543-27761-0104.flac
expected: the little one did not reply
	layer_2: the litta anedid nout rply
	layer_4: the little one did not reply
	layer_6: the little one did not reply
	layer_8: the little one did not reply
	layer_10: the little one did not reply
	layer_12: the little one did not reply

file: 5543-27761-0105.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_2: sarefi malkxsan jer nu sitd a pareced side an a lost way smile d and caovd lodle le luchga
	layer_4: sarfemalic anjrov nes soid up arect side in a lost way smiled and cad loudly lelutchga
	layer_6: sarpfemalixandrovna stood up erect side in a lost way smiled and caled loudly la letchka
	layer_8: ser phemalexandrovna stood up erect sigde in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_10: sera phim alexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly leletchka
	layer_12: serra phim alexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly leletchka

file: 5543-27761-0106.flac
expected: lelechka was being carried out
	layer_2: le luch gos being carried out
	layer_4: wa lutch goes being carried out
	layer_6: lo lutchgos being carried out
	layer_8: let letch goe s being carried out
	layer_10: lelet's go 's being carried out
	layer_12: le lets go is being carried out

file: 6841-88294-0000.flac
expected: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_2: at this momert the havy bet ofhe stowm on the rooe cease with m iratlas suddness leaven the owtsout world impti of sound safor the drip drip dripp o ves
	layer_4: at this momet the heavy beat of the strom on the roof ceased with miractloas suddness leaving the oulsid world impty of sound same for the drip drip drip ofveves
	layer_6: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddness leaving the outside world empty of sound saime for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_8: at this moment the heavy beat of he storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_10: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_12: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves

file: 6841-88294-0001.flac
expected: we had every sort of people with us off and on and as i was lookout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_2: we ad eversort of peop woth thi solf enon and as i was look a that a popther gam i sall the mall
	layer_4: we had ever sort of people with a softenon and as i was look ou that a popler gam i saw te m all
	layer_6: we had ever sort of people with a sofpen on and as i was look out that a poplar game i'l saw them all
	layer_8: we had every sort of people with e soften on and as i was look at that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_10: we had every sort of people with a soffen on and as i was looki at that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_12: we had every sort of people with as soffen on and as i was lookin at at a popular game i saw them all

file: 6841-88294-0002.flac
expected: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt a sharp stab in my left leg
	layer_2: at the same insnand a heard the roiplof still trouh clal h and ful the sharp stae him he lefe lege
	layer_4: at the same insnan to heard the roipp of still throgh clauth and felt the sharp stab him e left leg
	layer_6: at the same insonan to heard the roip of still through cloth and felt he sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_8: at the same instinant ti heard the roip of stel through cloth and felt to sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_10: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt to sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_12: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt te sharp stab him a left leg

file: 6841-88294-0003.flac
expected: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_2: then i sgauted to see whateto co me and found thar the fill i atd los to hand
	layer_4: then i scouted to see what hrdo cup me and foundad the filloi had lost to hand
	layer_6: then i scouted to see whathrdto cupt me and foundthat the filli had lost a hand
	layer_8: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellw had lost a hand
	layer_10: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_12: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand

file: 6841-88294-0004.flac
expected: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_2: and placof it he were a sharpe still hoook
	layer_4: and place of it he wore a sharb still hook
	layer_6: and place of it he wore a share stell hook
	layer_8: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_10: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_12: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook

file: 6841-88294-0005.flac
expected: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_2: there was no dout of as been a lif for he was breen an har like amman doos when e get s hit over the hed itd in' sound good
	layer_4: there was no doubt of his bein alif for he was bren an hard like a man doese when ho gets hit over the head it idn't sound good
	layer_6: there was no doubt of his being a life for he was breath ang hard like a man does when e gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_8: there was no doubt of his being a life for he was breathingd hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_10: there was no doubt of his being alife for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_12: there was no doubt of his being alife for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good

file: 6841-88294-0006.flac
expected: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_2: when a man bree at way his mostsey all gon
	layer_4: when a man breedsd at way he's mostly all gone
	layer_6: when a man breete tat way heis mostly all gone
	layer_8: when a man breaths that way heis mostly all gone
	layer_10: when a man breates that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_12: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone

file: 6841-88294-0007.flac
expected: men got batted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_2: mein gut bet ad overth heard offan anog h and those days
	layer_4: min got bettit over the hearead often enough and those days
	layer_6: men got bett it over thhead often enough in those days
	layer_8: men got betted over the head offen enough in those days
	layer_10: min got betted over the head offen enough in those days
	layer_12: min got betted over the head offen enough in those days

file: 6841-88294-0008.flac
expected: sour wine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no soothing syrup
	layer_2: so a winis fin a put o wound an shape to hel but his no sout int sirip
	layer_4: soer wine is find ha put a wound and shaped to heiel but hits no souit an syrip
	layer_6: soer wine is find tat put a wound an shape to hell but his no suit in syrup
	layer_8: saur wine is fin tot put a wound in shape te hell but it's no souit in syrup
	layer_10: saurwin is fin to put a wound in shape to heel but it's no soot in syrup
	layer_12: saurwine is fin to put a wound in shape to heel but it's no soot in syrup

file: 6841-88294-0009.flac
expected: their coffin was their ship and their grave it was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea down on the coast of the high barbaree
	layer_2: their caofen wors their ship and the grav ther was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarterd that we gave them was the sinekt them in the sea don on the coast of the hi babery
	layer_4: their coffin wers their ship and the grave ther was the sea blow high blow low what carewe and the quarterd that we gave them was te sink them in the sea dont on the coast of the hi babery
	layer_6: their coffin wers their ship and the grave hetr was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter dhat we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the hih barberi
	layer_8: their coffin wears their ship and the grave thart was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbare
	layer_10: their coffin weares their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbaree
	layer_12: their coffin weres their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbarie

file: 6841-88294-0010.flac
expected: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight and the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_2: it fiar made ma her rised ta herin with a big still somn desid out side an the quiet mon light in t shedows and him seitinup straigtin gont his ys blaean eeach sid his bigegle nos and i snaky hair hing on over the raw c ocrosses he haid
	layer_4: it fer made my her rised to hearehim with ta bigs still salem desitd outsid and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him sitin up straight an gant his eyes blaean each side is big egale knowse and his snacky hair higin over the raw cut across as head
	layer_6: it fair made my har ris to hear him with te big still salemn desered outside and the quiet moonlight in he shadows and him settingd up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagl nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_8: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with ta big still sollemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadowse and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_10: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadowse and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_12: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadowse and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head

file: 6841-88294-0011.flac
expected: however i made out to get him bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_2: hiw wever o made out to gotin bandag jup in ind shape and pretty soon hie sort of wontoslee
	layer_4: how ever on made out to geting bandad up and and shape and pretty soon he sort of wint to sleep
	layer_6: however i made out to getting bandag jup and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_8: however i made out to gett img bandig jup and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_10: however i made out to get him bandige up and in shape and pretty soon he sort went to sleep
	layer_12: however i made out to get him bandige up and in shape and pretty soon he sort went to sleep

file: 6841-88294-0012.flac
expected: then again he'd sing that barbaree song until i'd go out and look at the old colorado flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died and gone below or else he'd just talk
	layer_2: and agan id seing that ba re some itl ad go ad look at the l callarot of floene byjist to be sure iatn dadn' gombelow r  alshe just alk
	layer_4: and again it seing that babry so muntilid go ouden look at the ild colorot of floin byd just to be sure i hatand did n' gam below er aelsehe just talk
	layer_6: en again hed sing that barbery so muntill i't go ou dand look at the old coloritof floing by just to be sure i hdn't diedn't gong below er elsie just talk
	layer_8: then again e'd sink that barbary some en till i'd go out and look at the old collarode f flowin by jest to be sure i hadn't died an gone below or elshe jest talk
	layer_10: then again he'd sing that barbary sog un till i'd go out and look at the old colla roda of flowin by jist to be sure i hadnt died in gone below or else hie just talk
	layer_12: then again he'd sing that barbary song ung till i'd go out and look at the old colla roda of flowin by jist to be sure i hadn't diedn gone below or else hie just talk

file: 6841-88294-0013.flac
expected: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_2: he began whet he was ackd and he gave has site of conversations pallsand for e plis
	layer_4: he began when he was a kid and he gave his siht of conversations puls an for hidplies
	layer_6: he began when he was a kid and he gave his siht of conversations pauls in forhrplies
	layer_8: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paulsind for replies
	layer_10: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sighn of conversations pauls ing for replies
	layer_12: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paulsing for replies

file: 6841-88294-0014.flac
expected: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_2: i auvsd to listend by the hour but i never maide out anything realling portines to who the man was awhere he come frn a what he done
	layer_4: i usd to listened by the hour but an never made out anything reallingportantis to who the man was owhere hed come forom o what he done
	layer_6: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was orwhere he'd come from or what he done
	layer_8: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_10: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_12: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done

file: 6841-88294-0015.flac
expected: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet
	layer_2: i d inpani attentn t m for hise quiet
	layer_4: i dint pan attentioen t hin for hise quiet
	layer_6: i didn't paynthe attention to him for his quiet
	layer_8: i didn't pay any attention to him for his quiet
	layer_10: i didn't pay any attention to him for his quiet
	layer_12: i didn't pay any attention to him for his quiet

file: 6841-88294-0016.flac
expected: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn
	layer_2: usualhad idn' bo the with his talp for a didn meaninthing a smethin in is voce madeby turnm
	layer_4: usual had didn't bother with his tallk for a didn' mean iny thing a something in is voice may meturn
	layer_6: usually ha didn't bother with his talk for it didn' mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_8: usuall i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_10: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_12: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn

file: 6841-88294-0017.flac
expected: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_2: he was ly and on a side thos black eyes of he his blazionat me be now bot o them sawl the same distancs
	layer_4: he was lion on haside thouse black eyes of he his blazon at me but now both of them se the same distance
	layer_6: he was lint on his side those black eyes if he his blazing at me but nowa both of them sel the same distance
	layer_8: he was lying on his side those black eyes if he is blazind at me but now both of them solve the same distance
	layer_10: he was lying on his side those black eyes if he is blazing at me but now both of them solved the same distance
	layer_12: he was lying on his side those black eyes if he is blazing at me but now both of them solved the same distance

file: 6841-88294-0018.flac
expected: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_2: where my clo was eesd veringtinse
	layer_4: where my clot was i asked veryintens
	layer_6: where my cloth was he asked veryintents
	layer_8: where am my cloths he asked very intense
	layer_10: where ar my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_12: where are my clothes he asked very intense

file: 6841-88294-0019.flac
expected: one little squeeze talk about your deadly weapons
	layer_2: on liotfle squees tolke bacho dadly weapens
	layer_4: one little squees tulka batyer deadly weapons
	layer_6: one little squeeze talk battyr deadly weapons
	layer_8: one little squeeze tulk abat yor deadly weapons
	layer_10: one little squeeze tug abat your deadly weapons
	layer_12: one little squeeze tug abat your deadly weapons

file: 6841-88294-0020.flac
expected: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_2: but he been to sircan to lagbed
	layer_4: but he been two circan two log abead
	layer_6: but he been too sick ind too long abed
	layer_8: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_10: but he'd been too sick an too long a bed
	layer_12: but he'd been too sick an too long a bed

file: 6841-88294-0021.flac
expected: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_2: and aminner to sol he came to
	layer_4: and a miner to sel he came to
	layer_6: in a minur to sell he came to
	layer_8: in a minue o soll he came to
	layer_10: in a minute to so he came to
	layer_12: in a minute to so he came to

file: 6841-88294-0022.flac
expected: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_2: now you're a ni sweet proposition said i as soons iu a sure he could uter stam me
	layer_4: now you're a ni sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could uterstand me
	layer_6: now you'r a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_8: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_10: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_12: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me

file: 6841-88294-0023.flac
expected: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_2: ther' safe enough len wbe have thom he bed
	layer_4: ther's safe enough len me had them he begged
	layer_6: they're safe enough len me had them he begged
	layer_8: they're safe enough lend me have them he begged
	layer_10: they're safe enough lent me have them he begged
	layer_12: they're safe enough lent me have them he begged

file: 6841-88294-0024.flac
expected: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_2: now looke hear said i you can'k get up to day you in't fit
	layer_4: now looke her said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_6: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_8: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_10: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_12: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit

file: 6841-88294-0025.flac
expected: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_2: a kno he pleted alin my see them
	layer_4: and kno he pleated elitmey see them
	layer_6: and kno he pleaded olit me see them
	layer_8: and kno he pleaded ur let me see them
	layer_10: and kno he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_12: and no he pleaded but let me see them

file: 6841-88294-0026.flac
expected: just to satisfy him i passed over his old duds
	layer_2: juste sadis fi nme a pased overes ol durds
	layer_4: just a saitisfinm a pased over his oll dirds
	layer_6: just as satisfiie a passtd over his old dirds
	layer_8: just tas satisfy him but passed over his olld durds
	layer_10: just to satisfy him but passed over his olld dids
	layer_12: just to satisfy him but passed over his oll dids

file: 6841-88294-0027.flac
expected: i've been robbed he cried
	layer_2: ave een road khe cried
	layer_4: ave been robed e cried
	layer_6: have been robbed he cried
	layer_8: ha've been robbed he cried
	layer_10: 've been robbed he cried
	layer_12: h've been robbed he cried

file: 6841-88294-0028.flac
expected: where's my coat he asked
	layer_2: wors ma coat heasd
	layer_4: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_6: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_8: where's my coat he asked
	layer_10: where's my coat he asked
	layer_12: where's my coat he asked

file: 6841-88294-0029.flac
expected: you had no coat when i picked you up i replied
	layer_2: hyou hed no co when ou pit youup u replied
	layer_4: you had no co when i pitc you up i replied
	layer_6: you had no kot when i pit you up i replied
	layer_8: you had no coat when i pitch you up i replied
	layer_10: you had no coa when i pitked you up i replied
	layer_12: you had no coat when i picked you up i replied

file: 6841-88294-0030.flac
expected: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_2: he lookedtho mea modis ue spicious bu tdidn' san ything more he would new in anstwer when i spoke to him
	layer_4: he loked a me mighdes uspicious but didn't sayingything more he would neven answer when i spoke to him
	layer_6: he looke tot me mighdy suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn' nevan answer when i spoke to him
	layer_8: he looked a me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_10: he looked tat me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_12: he looked tat me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him

file: 6841-88294-0031.flac
expected: after he'd eaten a fair meal he fell asleep
	layer_2: after he deen a far mail he felloa sleep
	layer_4: after he deeden affair male he fellosleep
	layer_6: after he deeden a fair mal he fell asleep
	layer_8: after he deaten a fair mal he fell asleep
	layer_10: after he d eaten a fair maile he fell asleep
	layer_12: after he'd eaten a fair maile he fell asleep

file: 6841-88294-0032.flac
expected: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_2: when a came beck that even an the bunk wosempti an he was goln
	layer_4: when i caime back that even in the bunk was empty and he was gong
	layer_6: when i camed back that even in the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_8: when i came back that even an the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_10: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_12: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone

file: 6841-88294-0033.flac
expected: i didn't see him again for two days
	layer_2: id in sem aeganfortwo days
	layer_4: i didn't seem again for two days
	layer_6: i didn't seem again for two days
	layer_8: i didn't seem again for two days
	layer_10: i didn't seehim again for two days
	layer_12: i didn't seehim again for two days

file: 6841-88294-0034.flac
expected: then i caught sight of him quite a ways off
	layer_2: thin a caut sat en quet awas of
	layer_4: than a caut sat in quate aways o
	layer_6: then a cut sat n quete awayso
	layer_8: then a cout sat i quite a wayzolf
	layer_10: then acat satin im quate a ways off
	layer_12: then acat satin inm quate a ways off

file: 6841-88294-0035.flac
expected: guess he suspicions i stole that old coat of his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_2: gess es u spicirus i stol thail cot o heis thinksi and aftrwards a fond that myt surmis had been corept
	layer_4: guess he suspicius i stol thet will codto his thinks i and afterwards a found that my surmis had been corrept
	layer_6: guesse suspicious i stoll that will cagtor his thinks i and afterwards ie found that my surmise had been corrept
	layer_8: guess e's suspicious i stol that will cato his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_10: guess he's suspicious i stol that ill coter his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_12: guess he's suspicious i stol thot ill coter his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct

file: 6841-88294-0036.flac
expected: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_2: owever he tdin' stay lon an at frane of minde
	layer_4: ow ever he didn't stay long in that fram of mine
	layer_6: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mine
	layer_8: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_10: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_12: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind

file: 6841-88294-0037.flac
expected: i ran up pulling my gun
	layer_2: arannu po agn
	layer_4: aran ou pom a gune
	layer_6: a ran u po agun
	layer_8: i ran up pol ma gun
	layer_10: i ran up pol m gun
	layer_12: i ran up poll m gun

file: 6841-88294-0038.flac
expected: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_2: aemakes wahs flitun's face is m stritched oup
	layer_4: aemexks was flaghton's face is arm stritched out
	layer_6: the mex was flat onis face his arm stritched out
	layer_8: te mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_10: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_12: the mix was flat on his face his arm stretched out

file: 6841-88294-0039.flac
expected: on the middle of his back knelt my one armed friend
	layer_2: on the midle of his back nil ma wone arn frand
	layer_4: on the midle of his back ne my one arm frend
	layer_6: on the middle of his back neld my one arm friend
	layer_8: on the middle of his back nelld my onet armed friend
	layer_10: on the middle of his back neltd my one armed friend
	layer_12: on the middle of his back nell my one armed friend

file: 6841-88294-0040.flac
expected: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt's into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_2: inyway athress he muzzel of my coltan to the salags face what's thes i ast
	layer_4: anyway a threst the muzle of my colsan to the salor's face what's thes i asked
	layer_6: anyway a threst the muzzle of my cols in to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_8: anyway i thrust he muzzle of my colsinto the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_10: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colds into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_12: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colds into the sailor's face what's this i asked

file: 6841-88294-0041.flac
expected: i ween heem at monte off antonio curvez said he
	layer_2: in he mid mont yo of an ton you curvis said he
	layer_4: i wen he mid montyu offan toni curvis said he
	layer_6: awin he madmonte off antonil curvise said he
	layer_8: awin hi idmonte o antonial curvice said he
	layer_10: a ween him ad monte of antonial curvise said he
	layer_12: a ween him mad monti of antonial curvise said he

file: 6841-88294-0042.flac
expected: the gleam died from his eye the snarl left his lips
	layer_2: the gleame did from his ey the smal lift his wlips
	layer_4: the gleamd died from his eye the snawl lift his wips
	layer_6: the gleam died from his eye the snar lift his lips
	layer_8: the gleam died from his eye the snar liftd his lips
	layer_10: the gleam died from his eye the snar lifted his lips
	layer_12: the gleam died from his eye the snar lifted his lips

file: 6841-88294-0043.flac
expected: in any case he flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_2: an anycase y fle pokal proto leaver me an myh friend together
	layer_4: an any case y flew pokal proto leaven me and my friend together
	layer_6: an any case he flew poco proto leave me and my friend together
	layer_8: in any case he flew poco pronto leavig me and my friend together
	layer_10: in any case he flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_12: in any case he flew poco pranto leavin me and my friend together

file: 6841-88294-0044.flac
expected: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly doing odd jobs i saw him off and on
	layer_2: drin the next too month she was a good deal about town mosty do an ar jorbs i saw im moff rnime
	layer_4: durned the next who months he was a good deal about town mostly doin our jobs i saw i offhen ime
	layer_6: durn the next who months she was a good deal about town mostly doinour jobs i saw him offannime
	layer_8: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly duin ard jobs i saw him offanin
	layer_10: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly doin ad jobs i saw him off an ion
	layer_12: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly doin ad jobs i saw him off an ion

file: 6841-88294-0045.flac
expected: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_2: however i d in pa much attinchion to that be inat the time all mighthe busy hold dom a cargames
	layer_4: however i didn't pay much attention to that bean at the time i'll mighte busy holdn down ma card games
	layer_6: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down ma card games
	layer_8: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down me card games
	layer_10: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_12: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games

file: 6841-88294-0046.flac
expected: that's all right said i but you better stay right there
	layer_2: a's all rigt sid i whuch ho bter stay rout there
	layer_4: a's al righte said i buth ye better stay roght there
	layer_6: that's all right said i but you' better stay rought there
	layer_8: that's all right said i but you'd better stay roht there
	layer_10: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rot there
	layer_12: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rot there

file: 6841-88294-0047.flac
expected: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_2: i wunt to make upto you fre trouble saity
	layer_4: i went to make up to you fore trouble sit he
	layer_6: i went to make up to you fr ye trouble sid he
	layer_8: i want to make up to you for yeu trouble said he
	layer_10: i want to make up to you for you trouble said he
	layer_12: i want to make up to you for yu trouble said he

file: 6841-88294-0048.flac
expected: what kind of a good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_2: r con of goot thing iskt treasur said he
	layer_4: a count of good thing iasked treasure said he
	layer_6: ha kount of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_8: what kont of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_10: what kind of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_12: what kind of good thing i asked treasure said he

file: 6841-88294-0049.flac
expected: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_2: he loked all ridinough nowthe drun nera loko
	layer_4: he looked all ridenough now ther druntnor loco
	layer_6: he looked all righd enough newther drump nor loco
	layer_8: he looked all right enough neither drumk nor loco
	layer_10: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_12: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco

file: 6841-88294-0050.flac
expected: sit down said i over there the other side the table
	layer_2: sait oun said i over there the othe sitof he tabl
	layer_4: set oun said i over there the other sit of th table
	layer_6: set oun said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_8: set own said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_10: set down said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_12: set down said i over there the other side of the table

file: 6841-88294-0051.flac
expected: he did so now fire away said i
	layer_2: he did so ta far awaysaid i
	layer_4: he did so a far away said i
	layer_6: he did so na far away said i
	layer_8: he did so not far away said i
	layer_10: he did so not far away said i
	layer_12: he did so not far away said i

file: 6841-88294-0052.flac
expected: and it's a big thing said handy solomon to me for they's not only gold but altar jewels and diamonds
	layer_2: and its of big thi said handy somati me for these not ony gol but altor jels and damons
	layer_4: and its of big thing said handy soloe mentime for theyse not only gol but alterjeweles and dimons
	layer_6: and it's o big thing send handy solom antimy for they 'se not only goel but allter jewels and diamonds
	layer_8: and it's a big thing said handy soloman timmy for they's not only gol but alter jeels and diamonds
	layer_10: and it's a big thing said handy solomoan timmi for they's not only gol but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_12: and it's a big thing said handy soloemon timmi for they's not only gol but alter jewels and di'monds

file: 6841-88294-0053.flac
expected: it will make us rich and a dozen like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_2: ilwl make as wridch and a dosn' likeas and e cin kisst thof book on that
	layer_4: it will make as rich and i dosen like us and ecan kisse o book on that
	layer_6: it will make us rich and a dozen't like us and you can kiss te book on that
	layer_8: it will make us rich and i doesn't like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_10: it will make us rich and a dosn't like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_12: it will make us rich and a doesn't like us and you can kiss the book on that

file: 6841-88294-0054.flac
expected: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_2: thet may all be truseid i bu why de tell me
	layer_4: thet may ill be trucs it i but why de tell me
	layer_6: thet may all be trucsaid i but why de tell me
	layer_8: that may all be true said i but why d'ee tell me
	layer_10: that may all be true said i but why d'ye tell me
	layer_12: that may all be true said i but why d'ye tell me

file: 6841-88294-0055.flac
expected: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_2: wy do't to get odtrers wit thaut the neetef devidenet
	layer_4: wy don't to get you treasuer without the neede devidenent
	layer_6: why don't to get you treasure without the need of dividmit
	layer_8: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividin it
	layer_10: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_12: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it

file: 6841-88294-0056.flac
expected: why mate he answered it's just plain gratitude
	layer_2: why made he answered is just plaing gretitude
	layer_4: why made he answered is just plan gratitude
	layer_6: why mate he answered is just playin gratitude
	layer_8: why mate he answered is just playing gratitude
	layer_10: why mate he answered is just playing gratitude
	layer_12: why mate he answered is just playing gratitude

file: 6841-88294-0057.flac
expected: didn't you save my life and nuss me and take care of me when i was nigh killed
	layer_2: dint you save ma liufge an nust me and takecarve me when i was not killd
	layer_4: didn't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was no killed
	layer_6: didn't you save my life an nus me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_8: didn't you save my life and nuss me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_10: didn't you save my life and nus me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_12: didn't you save my life and nus me and take care of me when i was not killed

file: 6841-88294-0058.flac
expected: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_2: look har anderson or handy soman  whatever you pleased o cayuself iurejoint to this oe fri goin't to do buses of me and it do not undterstan yat just whatity as you want of me you'l have the talk straight
	layer_4: look her anderson or handy solemin a whatever you please to call yourself ir rejoint to this e frigoin'g to do busines witfh me and i do not understand yet just what it y as you want of me you'll have the talk straight
	layer_6: look here anderson or handy salomen or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoin to this you fere going to do busines with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want af me you'll have toe talk straight
	layer_8: look here andersen or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejointd to this you for going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_10: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this youf for going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_12: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this yiuf fere going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight

file: 6841-88294-0059.flac
expected: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_2: it's alver i will t sae gratitun but thed non't go with me
	layer_4: it's all very will to sake gratitune but the don't go with me
	layer_6: it's all very well to sayk gratitude but thea  don't go with me
	layer_8: it's all very well to say gratitude but tha i don't go with me
	layer_10: it's all very well to sake gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_12: it's all very well to sake gratitude but that don't go with me

file: 6841-88294-0060.flac
expected: the devil's a preacher if you ain't lost your pinfeathers said he
	layer_2: the deve las appreature of ea lostd opanfether said he
	layer_4: the devils a preacure if eni loksed apin father said he
	layer_6: the devils a preacher if nay lostsja pinfather said he
	layer_8: the devil's a preacher if ay lost yorpenfeather said he
	layer_10: the devil's a preacher if nay lost yor pin feather said he
	layer_12: the devil's a preacher if nay lost your pin feather said he

file: 6841-88294-0061.flac
expected: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stocked
	layer_2: wells this thn i' got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_4: wells this then i got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_6: well as this then i got to have a boa to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_8: well t's this then i got to have a bow to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_10: well it's this then i' got to have a bow to git there an she must be stopped
	layer_12: well it's this then i' got to have a bow to git there an she must be stopped

file: 6841-88294-0062.flac
expected: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was
	layer_2: and agot to have helup with ta treasur ife hslihke this fell seit it wars
	layer_4: and i got to havf help with the treasure if islike his fells sat it wos
	layer_6: and i got to have help with the treasure if he s like his fells sait it wos
	layer_8: an i got to have help with the treasure if he s liked his fellow said it was
	layer_10: an i got to have help with the treasure if hesliked his fellow said it was
	layer_12: an i got to have help with the treasure if hesliked his fellow said it was

file: 6841-88294-0063.flac
expected: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in as pardner
	layer_2: is money o got to have and is moneya haven't got and in' git an lisalit some boud ain his partner
	layer_4: it's money a got to have and its money a hav't got and kink get an liss a lit someboty ind his pardner
	layer_6: it's money i got to have and it's money a haven't got and kin' get an leiss a lit somebody in his pardner
	layer_8: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got an kan't get un less a lit somebody in his pardner
	layer_10: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got an kan't git unless a lit somebody in his pardner
	layer_12: it's money i got to have an it's money i haven't got an kan't git unless a lit somebody in his pardner

file: 6841-88294-0064.flac
expected: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_2: whil me askd why not ye retoarte
	layer_4: whil me asked why not he retorted
	layer_6: why me  asked why not he retorted
	layer_8: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_10: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_12: why me i asked why not he retorted

file: 6841-88294-0065.flac
expected: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_2: we htalk hen mater ovr atilengk
	layer_4: we talk the matter over it lingth
	layer_6: we talke the matter over at length
	layer_8: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_10: we talk the matter over at length
	layer_12: we talk the matter over at length

file: 6841-88294-0066.flac
expected: i stood out for a larger party
	layer_2: astod af fer a largeparty
	layer_4: i stood aftfor a larger party
	layer_6: i stood after a larger party
	layer_8: i stood after a larger party
	layer_10: i stood after a larger party
	layer_12: i stood after a larger party

file: 6841-88294-0067.flac
expected: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_2: he strongly apposed this as dpreciatein the shairs but i had no inttention of gon alon ento whiat was tentcin sitdere a willden dangerous country finaly we compernmizsd
	layer_4: he strongly opposed this as depreciat in the shars but i had no intention of a gong alone into what was thin considered a wilden dangerous country finally we compromized
	layer_6: he strongly opposed this as depreciatin the shars but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered o waldern dangerous country finally wecompromised
	layer_8: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_10: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_12: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised

file: 6841-88294-0068.flac
expected: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_2: ia thirt of the trsa was to god o him a thir to me and the rest was tobee ovoded among the man who mushould select thisckened id not appile o him
	layer_4: i thir of th trerichel was to go to him a thir to me and the resto was tobea devided among the man who ushoud select this scheme did not appille to him
	layer_6: a third of the trurachar was to go to him a thirod to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appell to him
	layer_8: a third of the treaser was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_10: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_12: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him

file: 6841-88291-0000.flac
expected: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and dropped back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_2: tbhe sinster existea frus nal resmonsibility we each reportet dutifuly at the rol call of habit and dro backt in to aur blinkats oi the greatful sig
	layer_4: tbe since ter existe forus no resmonsibility wou each reportet du tifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back anto our blinkets wifh the grateful sigh
	layer_6: but since there exist o for us no responsibility we each report it dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw backd into our blankets with a grateful side
	layer_8: but since there existev for us no responsibility we each report id dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_10: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_12: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh

file: 6841-88291-0001.flac
expected: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lying before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowing of cattle in the corrals
	layer_2: aremembrt the moon sailen a good gae among e paren ly stationary cladlets ierecall it dee blacke shad o line bitfor distant silvere mountains i glan storver he stark motionaous canviases each of which consild o man the r trimbled with he bellomen of cattle ind the coros
	layer_4: i remember the moon sailen a good gate among apparanly stationary claoudlets i recall i deep black shadow lioned bwithfore distant silvere mountains i glaned over the starg motiona las canvises each of which consiled a man the aird trembled with the bellomen of cattle in the corols
	layer_6: i remember the moon sailan a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlts i recall a deep black shadow lind before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the starkg motionales canvases each of which consiled a man the air trembled with the bellomen of cattle ind the corrals
	layer_8: i remember the moon sailen a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lined before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellomen of cattle an the corrals
	layer_10: i remember the moon' sailint a good gate among apparently stationary cloudless i recall a deep black shadow lined before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowment of cattle and the corrals
	layer_12: i remember the moon' sailint a good gate among apparently stationary cloudless i recall a deep black shadow lined before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowment of cattle and the corrals

file: 6841-88291-0002.flac
expected: seemingly but a moment later the cook's howl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_2: soimmnly but a momen late the cookshow broubme tho conscious niss agan
	layer_4: simeinly but a moment later the cooks how broutme to consciousness again
	layer_6: simingly but a moment later the cooks how brought me to consciousness again
	layer_8: semigly but a moment later the cookshal brought me to consciousness again
	layer_10: seemingly but a moment later the cooks hawl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_12: seemingly but a moment later the cooks hal brought me to consciousness again

file: 6841-88291-0003.flac
expected: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the stray herd from the corrals to good feed three branding crews were told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_2: three woer o care for th remuta fav war to move the straig her from the crouse to good fed three bren crues er told o brand the cas we had collected in the cud ofd the afterone for that'sioko a bout half the man
	layer_4: three were to care for the remoda fovewhre to moved the straight heard from the crowse to good feed three bren crews ere told to bran the cas we had collected and the cut of the afteroone before that cikoe about half the men
	layer_6: three were to care for the remuda fave were to move the straight herd from the corrows to good feed three brendnd crews were told to brand the cas we had collected ind the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_8: three were to care for the ramuda five were to move the straight herd from the corrals to good feed three brandn crews were told to brand the cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took op about half the men
	layer_10: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the straight herd from the corals to good feed three brandon crews were told to brand the calvs we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_12: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the straight herd from the corrals to good feed three brandon crews were told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men

file: 6841-88291-0004.flac
expected: the rest were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_2: the ris were to make a shor drive an ae so grass
	layer_4: the ristwer to make a shore drive n  solt grass
	layer_6: the rist were to make a shore drive in  salt grass
	layer_8: the rists were to make a shore drive in salt grass
	layer_10: the rists were to make a short drive in t salt grass
	layer_12: the rists were to make a short drive in salt grass

file: 6841-88291-0005.flac
expected: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards distant
	layer_2: we were the ona once wo did go of foot however a though the crows were not more thun two hundtrd yoardg es distance
	layer_4: we were the oni onc who did go a thoot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yardge is distance
	layer_6: we were the ono onts who did go afoot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yargs 's distance
	layer_8: we were the onyonce who did go afoot however although the crawls were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_10: we were the only once who did go afoot however although the crrals were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_12: we were the only once who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards as distance

file: 6841-88291-0006.flac
expected: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next the fence
	layer_2: whitween the upprat bars of greac woold with coal see the cattle and ear the ops io sid the men build in a fir  nex the fentse
	layer_4: between the upright bards of grees wood with could see the cattle and year the ops tit side the men builtin a fire a nexthe fince
	layer_6: betwen the upright bars of greese wood we could see the cattle and near the oppois is side the men build ing a fire a next defence
	layer_8: between the upright bars of greescewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a firea next te fence
	layer_10: between the uprighpt bars of grease wood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a firean next the fence
	layer_12: between the upright bars of grease wood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire an next the fence

file: 6841-88291-0007.flac
expected: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_2: we pursed op im the wied gate an interd
	layer_4: we pushed up im the wide gate and ennered
	layer_6: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_8: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_10: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_12: we pushed open the wide gate and entered

file: 6841-88291-0008.flac
expected: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long j h stamping irons in his hand
	layer_2: woncetood witen fomtendthefinish at she f o lon jge step en irans in his hand
	layer_4: wincetood witen for them to finish ta shief o long jged stap and irons ind his hand
	layer_6: henestood witten for them to finish a shief of long jge stap and irons in his hand
	layer_8: when stood witting for them to finish a sheaf of long jge stampin irons in his hand
	layer_10: when stood waitting for them to finish a sheaf of long j stampin irons in his hand
	layer_12: when stood waitting for them to finish a sheaf of long j stampin irons in his hand

file: 6841-88291-0009.flac
expected: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_2: all the ra squat ed on their hels a mong the finte smoke af sigarats and chatein agether
	layer_4: all the rast squated on their hels along the fince smokan cigaratesand chattin a gether
	layer_6: all the rast squatted on their helels along the fince smokein cigarettes and chatin agether
	layer_8: all the racts squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chattin together
	layer_10: all the race squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_12: all the race squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together

file: 6841-88291-0010.flac
expected: the first rays of the sun slanted across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_2: a firist ras of the sun signted o crosse an one great sweep fom theremod mouns
	layer_4: a first rays of the sun signed across and one great sweep from the remode moutaids
	layer_6: a first rais of the sun sighted across in one great sweep from the remode mountains
	layer_8: e first rays of the sun signed across ind one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_10: the first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_12: the first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remote mountains

file: 6841-88291-0011.flac
expected: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_2: homer wooldn tha nold kealt fonthy john rod in among the kattle
	layer_4: homer wooden ae n old kelothfornty john rode in among the cattle
	layer_6: homer wooden an old calfornty john rode in among the cattle
	layer_8: homer wooden and old californi john rode in among the cattle
	layer_10: homer wooden and old californi john rode in among the cattle
	layer_12: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle

file: 6841-88291-0012.flac
expected: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_2: as the lope setiled he jrk sharply upwart exactle is one wouldh stricft to hook a bik fish
	layer_4: as the loop settled he jerked sharply uppward exactly ais one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_6: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strive to hook a big fish
	layer_8: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strive to hook a big fish
	layer_10: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strive to hook a big fish
	layer_12: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strive to hook a big fish

file: 6841-88291-0013.flac
expected: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and sat over in one stirrup to avoid the tightened line and to preserve the balance
	layer_2: hom wae rept the roe twise wer thric about the horn and set over ind on strped o vod the tihtenline anto preserve the bouns
	layer_4: home a rappt the rope twiset were thrise about the horn and set over in one stripped tavoid the titan line und to preserved the bolans
	layer_6: home a wrappe the roke twicte ore thrice about the horn and set over in once strippe avoid the tidand line and to preserve the balance
	layer_8: homa wrappe the roue twice or thrice about the horn and set over in once strip t void the tid and line and to preserve the balance
	layer_10: homa rapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to avoid the tide and line and to preserve the balance
	layer_12: homa rapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to avoid the tide and line and to preserve the balance

file: 6841-88291-0014.flac
expected: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_2: no wbod he paed inhe attincien to the calph
	layer_4: no bodhe paied ane attention to the calf
	layer_6: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_8: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_10: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_12: nobody paid any attention to the calf

file: 6841-88291-0015.flac
expected: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_2: be hind inm follwadt his anxious mother her head swing an from sidetocide ne ther fire te horse stopped
	layer_4: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swing and from side teside ner the fire the horse stopped
	layer_6: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swingand from side ta side ner the fire the horse stopped
	layer_8: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swingingd from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_10: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_12: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped

file: 6841-88291-0016.flac
expected: the two bull doggers immediately pounced upon the victim
	layer_2: tha two buld ogrs in midirly pons upon e victom
	layer_4: the two buldougrs immedily pounce upon the victim
	layer_6: the two buldogers immeedialy pouncsd upon the victim
	layer_8: the two bulldogers immediately pouncs upon the victim
	layer_10: the two bulldogers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_12: the two bulldogers immediately pounce upon the victim

file: 6841-88291-0017.flac
expected: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_2: it was promptly fouped over un srighte side
	layer_4: it was prumptly foopped over on its right side
	layer_6: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_8: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_10: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_12: it was promptly flopped over on its right side

file: 6841-88291-0018.flac
expected: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_2: this the caf was unable a struggle
	layer_4: thus the cafh was urnable to struggle
	layer_6: thus the cath was unable to struggle
	layer_8: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_10: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_12: thus the calf was unable to struggle

file: 6841-88291-0019.flac
expected: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_2: when wantc you have had the win nocd out of you ar raiber to broken you seeased a think thesunecessarily wrovh
	layer_4: when want you have had the wind nocked out of you or a riber two broken you ceased o think thi sunecessarily rogh
	layer_6: when want you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you cese to think this sunecessarily rough
	layer_8: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_10: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unecessarily rough
	layer_12: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough

file: 6841-88291-0020.flac
expected: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers
	layer_2: at irn yo hlld one the boold ogrs
	layer_4: had iron yo'ld one of the boulldogrs
	layer_6: hot iron you old one of the bull dagress
	layer_8: hot iron yeold one of the bull dogres
	layer_10: hot iron yeled one of the bulldoggers
	layer_12: hot iron yelled one of the bulldoggers

file: 6841-88291-0021.flac
expected: marker yelled the other
	layer_2: marker ye'll te other
	layer_4: marker yell the other
	layer_6: marker yal the othern
	layer_8: marker yel the otherm
	layer_10: markher yell the other
	layer_12: markher yell the other

file: 6841-88291-0022.flac
expected: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_2: the bran ter pressed the irand smotly against the fline
	layer_4: the breandto presse the iron smootly against the flank
	layer_6: the brand e presse the iren smoothly against the flank
	layer_8: the brandoppressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_10: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_12: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank

file: 6841-88291-0023.flac
expected: perhaps the calf blatted a little as the heat scorched
	layer_2: ferhaps the ca' blatet a little ess that head scortched
	layer_4: fperhaps the cat blated a little es that heet scorched
	layer_6: perhaps the cat blated a little less that heat scorched
	layer_8: perhaps the cap bladed a little less that heat scorched
	layer_10: perhaps the cat bladed a little less that heat scorched
	layer_12: perhaps the cat bladed a little less that heat scorched

file: 6841-88291-0024.flac
expected: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due peeling and a successful mark
	layer_2: the bran showl chery which is the propercolort indticate du pean and i s uccessfule mark
	layer_4: the bran show chery which is the proper color t indicate doe pelan and a successful mark
	layer_6: the bran show chery which is the proper color to indicate due penlen and a successful mark
	layer_8: the bran show cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due pilan and is successful mark
	layer_10: the brand show cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pilin and is successful mark
	layer_12: the brand show cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pilin and his successful mark

file: 6841-88291-0025.flac
expected: then he nicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_2: en inike ot a swal tel in the other
	layer_4: then he nicked out a swall tell in the other
	layer_6: then he knicked out a swallow tell in the other
	layer_8: then he nicked out a swallow tel on the other
	layer_10: then he nicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_12: then he nicked out a swallow tal in the other

file: 6841-88291-0026.flac
expected: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of branding
	layer_2: a seeme o me ther great dill of uneces sar twotlws bradus to the extremg criltyof brandon
	layer_4: it seems to mether great dil of enecessary twatles  broad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_6: it seems to meither great deal of unecessary twadtls abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_8: it seems to methe a great deal of unnecessary twadtles abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_10: it seems to methe a great deal of unnecessary twadtle as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_12: it seems to methe a great deal of unnecessary twaddle as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon

file: 6841-88291-0027.flac
expected: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful and could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_2: unddoubthably atis to some extent painful iat could some othe mithid of ready adinofication be divised it myt be as wel to a doptid n preferentce
	layer_4: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready a denification be devised it migh be as wel to adoptid i preference
	layer_6: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready adenification be devised it might be as well to adoptid inpreference
	layer_8: undoubtebly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt id in preference
	layer_10: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_12: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it im preference

file: 6841-88291-0028.flac
expected: inextinguishable laughter followed the spread of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_2: in extinguish bl laftr fall thispritt of his dopet on througwar asowna
	layer_4: in extinguishbll lafhtr fall dhis prit of his doped o through arazona
	layer_6: inextinguishble laught or fall the sprit of this docton throug arizona
	layer_8: inextinguishable laughtr fall the sprit of this doctin through arizona
	layer_10: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctine through arizona
	layer_12: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctrine through arizona

file: 6841-88291-0029.flac
expected: imagine a puncher descending to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_2: an megin a pounture tossendent xemn politly the ertags of wil cattle on the open range rin around up
	layer_4: a megineo punchre di cendento exemn politly the iritags of wild cattle on the open range erein around up
	layer_6: amegine a puncher toscent in to examind politely the iri tags of wild cattle on the open range were in around up
	layer_8: imagine a puncher descend en to examine politely the ertags of wild cattle on the open range ere in around up
	layer_10: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_12: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up

file: 6841-88291-0030.flac
expected: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes to feeding or to looking idly about
	layer_2: ia cafusually bels when the airon bits but a soon as releas hy almost in verbly gost to fetin eor to look an italyabout
	layer_4: a cafusually bells when the iron bites but assoon as released he almost in veribly gols to feeten or to look anidaly about
	layer_6: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invaryiably gost to feeding or to look an idly about
	layer_8: a caffusually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably gost of peedin or to look in idily about
	layer_10: a caff usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almosts invariably gos o pheadin or to look in idly about
	layer_12: a caff usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes o pheading or to look in idly about

file: 6841-88291-0031.flac
expected: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have our teeth filled
	layer_2: te sids which it happens but oncs in alive time and is overin tin seconce accomfer did night to those of vers to of had our teath fil
	layer_4: thesides which it happens but once in a live time and his over inten seconds accomfor did niht to those of vus wo have had or teeth field
	layer_6: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfor deny to those o us to have had our teeth field
	layer_8: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deni to those of us who have had our teeth fileled
	layer_10: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deny to those of us who have had our teeth filled
	layer_12: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deny to those of us who have had our teeth filled

file: 6841-88291-0032.flac
expected: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_2: one of the little animls was but a fewmonth sould so the ridre did not bou ther with hits hin lxs bu tals is lupover idts neck
	layer_4: one of the little animalst was but a few month sould so the riter did not bo the with its hine lags but tuls his lup over its neck
	layer_6: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the writer did not bother with its hind legs but tulstd his loop over its neck
	layer_8: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_10: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tosse his loop over its neck
	layer_12: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck

file: 6841-88291-0033.flac
expected: mister frost's bull calf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_2: mister frosad bul calpf alon and pictor of history shols the ditudes
	layer_4: mister frose bul ca alone an picg toro history shows the aditudes
	layer_6: mister frose bull calf alone and picgtorol history shows the attitudes
	layer_8: mister frost's bullcalf alone in pictoral history shows the attitudes
	layer_10: mister frost's bullcalf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_12: mister frost's bullcalf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes

file: 6841-88291-0034.flac
expected: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehending excitement and the absolute matter of fact imperturbability of horse and rider
	layer_2: and then of course there was the gordgies contras betwen all his frintac and encomperhinin excidment and the abslut matter of fact in propeto bility of horsean riter
	layer_4: and then of course there was the gorgees contrast between all this frantic and uncomprhinren excitement and the absolupe matter offact in perpetability of horse and rider
	layer_6: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehenion excitement and the absolute matter of fact inprpetability of horse and wrider
	layer_8: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all thise frantic and uncomprehendion excitement and the absolute matter of fact an perputability of horse and riter
	layer_10: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehenden excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider
	layer_12: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehendendg excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider

file: 6841-88291-0035.flac
expected: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with a whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_2: as he new was business and as the calfas a smalon the little bes when overpromptly bit the groun ot the wak and was pounsupon ind hild
	layer_4: as he knew as business and as the caf was a smallon the little beast went over promptly bit the ground wth the wack and was pounsd upon in hiled
	layer_6: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon andhild
	layer_8: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_10: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_12: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held

file: 6841-88291-0036.flac
expected: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and end by struggling back to the upright
	layer_2: he would kthim self on one foot scram wl viggrl was sle and inbustriugglen back to the orid
	layer_4: he would katch himself on one foot scramil vige wusly and in by strugglin back to the uprite
	layer_6: he would catch himself on one foot scrambele vigorlessly and in by strugglin back to the uprighte
	layer_8: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_10: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_12: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright

file: 6841-88291-0037.flac
expected: you can imagine what happened next
	layer_2: he cold a madgein what happa nexs
	layer_4: he coan a magein what happen next
	layer_6: he could imagin what happen next
	layer_8: he could imagine what happened next
	layer_10: he coul imagine what happened next
	layer_12: he could imagine what happened next

file: 6841-88291-0038.flac
expected: this is productive of some fun if it fails
	layer_2: this is prdectofof s ndfon of at failes
	layer_4: this is prodectieovsan fon of it fails
	layer_6: this is productiveev san fon of it fails
	layer_8: this is producteve of san fand of it fails
	layer_10: this is productive of sam fond of it fails
	layer_12: this is productive of sam fond of it fails

file: 6841-88291-0039.flac
expected: by now the branding was in full swing
	layer_2: but now the bran was a forl sweng
	layer_4: but now the brann was a foour swing
	layer_6: but now the brandon was at forswing
	layer_8: but now the brandon was a ful swing
	layer_10: but now the brandon was at full swing
	layer_12: but now the brandon was at full swing

file: 6841-88291-0040.flac
expected: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_2: when th newces fell they turn in walked towar the fir as a matterof course rarely tod the cast fill
	layer_4: when the nuses fell they turn ind walked toward the fire as a matte of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_6: when the noises fell they turne and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_8: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_10: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_12: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the caste fail

file: 6841-88291-0041.flac
expected: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_2: men ran to ind fro busi end intent
	layer_4: men ran two an fro busyend intent
	layer_6: men ran too and fro busy and intent
	layer_8: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_10: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_12: men ran to and fro busy and intent

file: 6841-88291-0042.flac
expected: sometimes three or four calves were on the ground at once
	layer_2: sometime stryw  for caes eron the grounded wontcs
	layer_4: sometime threw four cars were on the grounded once
	layer_6: sometimes threeg four cas were on the grounded once
	layer_8: sometimes threuh r four cas were on the grounded once
	layer_10: sometimes three orfour caves were on the ground at once
	layer_12: sometimes three or four cas were on the ground at once

file: 6841-88291-0043.flac
expected: dust eddied and dissipated
	layer_2: thus adied disipated
	layer_4: thust etiindicipated
	layer_6: dust eghty indiscipated
	layer_8: dust aidientissipated
	layer_10: dust aidientissipated
	layer_12: dust aidietiscipated

file: 6841-88291-0044.flac
expected: no more necked calves they announced
	layer_2: nhe more ne taes they nounct
	layer_4: no more nec caves they anounced
	layer_6: no more neck cas they anounced
	layer_8: no more necke caves they announced
	layer_10: no more nicke caves they announced
	layer_12: no more nicked calves they announced

file: 6841-88291-0045.flac
expected: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_2: then he wasd spi n his hands and goaded alon
	layer_4: then he would spill on his hands and go ate alon
	layer_6: then he wouls spill on his hands and go aited along
	layer_8: then he would spil on his hands and go ait it alone
	layer_10: then he would spit on his hands and go ait it alone
	layer_12: then he would spit on his hands and go ait it alone

file: 6841-88291-0046.flac
expected: if luck attended his first effort his sarcasm was profound there's yore little calf said he
	layer_2: of luck atened his first efferet is sora casom ust per found there is eor litt calvf said he
	layer_4: of luckc attended his first effort is sor casm mast profound there's your little calp said he
	layer_6: of luck ontended his first effort is sorrw casm wos profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_8: of luck antended his first effort his sorrow chasm was profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_10: of luck attended his first effort his sorrowchasm was profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_12: of luck attended his first effort his sorrowchasm was profound there's your little calf said he

file: 6841-88291-0047.flac
expected: would you like to have me tote it to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with yore little old iron
	layer_2: which you lackt te have me toalet o to yo or doyou wreck an you coad tot lo this far with you ar littlowd irn
	layer_4: which you leckt to have me toad to too you or do yu reckcon you could tutle this for with youre little oadiron
	layer_6: would you lek to have me tod i to you or do y ricken you could toutle this far with your little od iron
	layer_8: would you like to have me tota to you or d'y rickon you could tudtle this far with your little old iron
	layer_10: would you like to have me tota to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with your little old iron
	layer_12: would you like to have me tota to you or do yo reckon you could toddle this far with your little old iron

file: 6841-88291-0048.flac
expected: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_2: towardinewin the work slacet
	layer_4: towardinon he work slacet
	layer_6: toward noe n the work slaced
	layer_8: toward non the work slacked
	layer_10: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_12: toward noon the work slacked

file: 6841-88291-0049.flac
expected: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the branding finished
	layer_2: finmaly hum aroad over to the kalemen and reported the brand in finished
	layer_4: finally home rode over to the catlement and reported the brand in finished
	layer_6: finally homerode over to the catlement and reported the brand an finished
	layer_8: finally homa rod over to the cattlement and reported the brandon finished
	layer_10: finally homa rode over to the cattlemen and reported the brandon finished
	layer_12: finally homa rode over to the cattlemen and reported the brandin finished

file: 6841-88291-0050.flac
expected: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_2: the latter count rf the morks inhis talle book
	layer_4: the later counteo the moreks in his tally book
	layer_6: the latter counterf the moriks in his taly book
	layer_8: the latter counted the marcks in his tally book
	layer_10: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_12: the latter counted the maruks in his tally book

file: 6841-88291-0051.flac
expected: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_2: one hundredan seveny six he an ouncke
	layer_4: one hundred and seventy six he an ounced
	layer_6: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_8: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_10: one hundred and seventy sixth he announced
	layer_12: one hundred and seventy sixth he announced

file: 6841-88291-0052.flac
expected: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_2: the markar squated on ther heels tlld ove the bisofvears tlhey at saved
	layer_4: the markeors squated on their hiels told over the bits overs lhey hat saved
	layer_6: the markes squatted on their hells told over the bitsef ers they had saved
	layer_8: the markests squatted on their heels toled over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_10: the markers squatted on their heels towed over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_12: the markers squatted on their heels towed over the bits of ears they had saved

file: 6841-88291-0053.flac
expected: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_2: bhu tol a mouni to bu t anhundrei n seveny five
	layer_4: thu tole amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_6: the tobl amounted to but an hundred an seventy five
	layer_8: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_10: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_12: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five

file: 6841-88291-0054.flac
expected: finally wooden discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_2: fonly wooldn' do scoverdit  has hia pocket
	layer_4: finly wooden't iscovered it in as hyt pocket
	layer_6: finally wouldn't discovered it in his hitp pocket
	layer_8: finally wouldn't discovered it in his het pocket
	layer_10: finally wouldn' discover it in his hip pocket
	layer_12: finally wouldn' discoverd it in his hip pocket

file: 6841-88291-0055.flac
expected: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning but did not seem to be tired
	layer_2: theyhad been do in areslers heaveyou work all the mornin that did not seene to betire
	layer_4: they had been doin arestlers heaveyou work all the mornan thet did not seen to betired
	layer_6: they had been doing a resolors heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_8: they had been doing e wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_10: they had been doing arwrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_12: they had been doing arwrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired

file: 6841-88291-0056.flac
expected: i saw once in some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_2: af som wentce a somecrink visicail cultr perioticle that a caboays life was visicalyeld bounce lican orsments in that ed extur sis dnonly certai muses othe body
	layer_4: i some wonce a some cring physical culture periaoticale that a caboys life was vhysicall ild bouanced like onoarsmens in that hid exurcize only certain mucls of the body
	layer_6: of some once in some crink physical culture perioticl that a cawboy's life was physicall ill balanced like anorsmens in that id exercised d only certain muscles of the body
	layer_8: off some once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like anorsman in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_10: off soe once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like anorsmans in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_12: of some once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like anorsman in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body

